NOT JUST FOR KIDS :)
Okay, so this is supposed to be a kid's joint. But if you're in the mood for pizza in the Montclair area, it's a pretty good stop! My husband and I will go, pay less than 20 dollars for both of us including drinks. When you walk in, you pay just to get in, which is the cost of the food. To the left is all the games for the kids, to the right, tons and tons of dining areas. They are actually divided into separate rooms. We've never had a problem finding a vacant to almost vacant room to go in, find a cozy corner and get our grub on without a bunch of kids around. There are 4 main bars... Salad and cold pastas, warm pasta and baked potatoes, the pizzas, and desserts. For the price, you definately get your money's worth. I heart the Mac and Cheese Pizza, hubby loves the Margarita Pizza. One thing I found out, was you can special order a pizza, at no cost to you, and they will call it out over the mic when it's ready. This is especailly handy on week days b/c they're not popping out the pizzas as fast so they can be not as fresh. The baked potato bar is pletiful and delish and one of my favorite spots. The dessert bar has brownies, cookies, ice cream, fresh donuts.... enough to curb your sweet tooth. Definately cool for the kids, but don't pass it up without them either :)
I freaked out when I first found out this place existed. How could such an amazing place go unnoticed?

You pay for admission to enter. Everyone gets access to the pizza buffet but the games and rides are extra.

The pizza was decent. They tasted freshly baked but the toppings were sparse. The spicy peanut butter pizza is John's signature pizza. While not exactly amazing, it delivered some interesting flavors. The best part of the buffet was the salad bar. All the veggies looked fresh and the display was well maintained. 

The donuts deserve special recognition because they tasted more like a miniature funnel cakes than donuts. 

This location has bumper cars, the twister ride, a miniature golf course, bowling and kiddy rides. Business on weekday afternoons are slow which means John's has less staff operating the rides. This has its advantages and disadvantages.
Yes for kids but get ready to leave with a headache. the buffet looked a little to hands on. Mad house. but kids love it. can be pricey.
Better then CCheese....nuff said
During a recent trip here on a Wednesday afternoon, most of the games were either off or broken.  My youngest son's tokens went into many of these games and my older sons came home with unused token since there weren't enough working games to spend them on.  Very poor gaming experience!
I do not like chuck-e-cheese or a chuck-e-cheese atmosphere but I do enjoy my time at John's!  

My children love the food, games, and rides (as does my husband).  I like how everything is spread out and you do not have to wait in long lines for the rides and games.  I am not a fan of crowds but it is roomy enough in the game area to make me feel comfortable.  

I enjoy the unlimited food and drinks.  The food is always served hot and fresh.  The salad bar is crisp and fresh.  It has many toppings to choose from.  The pastas are also good.

Tip:  Saturday nights are busy so do plan to be in line to get in a bit longer than normal. 

Downside:  If planning a party here, you do get rushed through your event and have a time limit which they make very clear by cleaning up as you try to enjoy the company of the party.
My nephews love this place!! Pizza, games, rides. It's like a upgraded chucke-e-cheese. They can eat all the pizza they want and have many different choices to choose from. Usually we adults stay in the sports room to watch the games. Love to play air hockey and watch the other adults make fools of themselves while doing the dancing game.
I enjoy this place better than Chuckecheese but I am not very thrilled about coming here either. 

However, my bf and his daughter like it here so we come here for a special treat when we have time to meet up with friends. The games are fun and I really like the bumper cars that have the innertubes. woohoo! 

The pizza is just average, but I like the variety. This place is always a mad house so be prepared to have a location where your kids can meet up if they get lost!
Like everyone else notes, this is like a large Chuck E Cheese.  Food if buffet style with a variety of pizzas and pastas and such.

Food was okay.  Wasn't bad, but wasn't particularly good either.  Probably a place to take the kids if I had any as there's plenty of stuff to keep 'em entertained.
Mad pollos at this location... Some moms think they in a (strip)club by the way they're dressed, makes easy to spot potential.... My bad, kids are oblivious to it, they have fun anywhere. The dude behind the register is mad slow but he tries hard, and that's what counts... google something like Atlanta bike week and you'll get the picture.
The food is okay. The apple pie wasn't that good, and once I tried to get an ICEE, it stopped working but they fixed it later. There was a pretty big variety of food there.The ice cream was very good. The main thing that saved the review was the games, which they have a lot of. If you ever go there, you have to play the laser maze game. You have to act like a spy and avoid the lasers as fast as possible. Also, it is not that hard to get a lot of tickets so that you can get cool prizes. I got a battleship like game, a water gun, and a glider. If you want like 112 tokens, you have to pay like $24.99. There are about 5 different kinds of dining rooms you can eat in. One is all nick cartoons. They all have different themes.
John's is interesting and could have been great.  The food is on par with any cheap buffet, the employees have no pride in their jobs and are sloppy, the employees seem to smile & are kind to the kids, and the double chinned bear mascot is just scary.  The games and rides are better than the competitors.  There is a row of games that are too mature for a family environment.
You can catch me here doing my thang especially after XYZ.  I go for the fun!!! I Love Chuck E. Cheese's, I'm just as much as a kid as the next rat bastard.  

Foreal though you guys with the kids need to watch ur dam rodent  children man!!! ....."HEY MISTER CAN I GET A TOKEN I REALLY WANA PLAY A GAME".....HEY KID I'M NOT A MISTER.
First few times I visited this place I really liked the place but my last experience was disappointing.  The food is really good but the service is what disappointed me.  We drove all the way from Thousand Oaks to do a birthday party since we don't have one out by us and because of the massive traffic issues we were late by 30 minutes. The parties are schedule by the time so I know it was our fault but the girl assisting kept complaining about it to her coworkers and making faces too even when I apologized for being late.  (Very unprofessional.)  The room wasn't decorated with balloons on the tables like the other rooms were and they basically kick you out as soon as your time is up.  They only give 1 1/2 time in the rooms for games and eating and you can't even pay for more time as the option is not offered.  The guy giving me the bill was friendly and tried to assist but there really wasn't anything he can do.   It is better than Chuck E Cheese with all the rides,  games and the many different varieties of pizza they carry and it is really big and roomy inside but for a birthday party I wouldn't recommend it as you are really rushed through it .
Why do I come here???  Hmmm....  

I have two kids that's why!  If not for my kids I would never ever come here.  It's like a Chuck E Cheese but way better.  All you can eat pizza, pasta, salad and dessert bar.  If you don't like kids or buffets, stay away!  The rides and games are kinda cool.  The food is not bad, not great.  Come because your kids will like it :)
I've taken Giovanni here a few times now, after the one in the Bronx (Satan's Asshole) this one is actually not a complete shit storm.  The bx one had kids asking me for money, broken games and piss everywhere. half hour then and we were gone. I swear i saw two 5yr olds smoking a cigarette outside, swear on that.... kinda sad but oddly amusing to watch children smoke and curse. Im a horrible person what can u do.. "Have u met Ben?".... anyway.....

It was me Gio, my good friend and his niece and nephew. All the children are polite there, parents are mannered and easy to spend time with every time I've been there. No fighting, no pee pee.... Bathrooms are clean. You freakin sliced ur veins and bleed twenties but whatever keeps them quiet you feel me..... Gotta keep 2 6yr olds and a 3 yr old happy or you will not have a pleasant day.  Didnt eat there I cant bring myself to pay $30 for a nasty ass pizza made by a 15yr old not wearing gloves and yes i looked in their "kitchen".  

I will go back because I dont have a choice..........ever........
Love my son what can you do.

TaDa im a good daddy, when i see him. O_o dont judge me
Ok kids...and Big kids with kids who love pizza. I love everything about their pizza and wait don't forget about their salad bar! 

To be honest I have really enjoyed this place for about 7 years now. I don't go many times throughout the year, but when I do I GET DOWN. On salad and pizza that is! Their salad bar is always fresh and has every topping imaginable. Even toppings that I don't think people normally put on their salad, but whatever. Now on to the pizza. I love the alfredo pizza. Alfredo, alfredo, alfredo. My 3 year old loves the hawaiian pizza and he never eats more than 1 slice, but here he eats nearly 3. Anyways, a lot of their pizzas are pretty good so I usually get a variety. My kids love the mac and some of their other pasta dishes, but I don't care to even try them. The baked potato station is always poppin too. I mean I've never had one, but when someone in my group gets one I always want one, but am too full by then to try one. :/ For being a buffet, they hav got the pizza down. Desert is yummy too. I love apple crisp and ice cream...together. The kids love the cinnamon rolls and mini donuts. I mean they get to eat all the crap they want, so of course they do! (coming from a mom who buys mostly organic, & no foods with artificial coloring) 

Anyways on to the arcade. I really like Johns because they really took the time to cater to all ages. There is something fun and exciting for everyone! Plus, my toddlers (2 & 3) get to run around crazy and I can't get mad at them. 

I probably won't be back to this place for a few months, but when I do, please believe I will probably eat way too much and then feel guilty for the next week, drinking homemade smoothies and working out non- stop.
OK, the previous reviews nailed it pretty much on the head, John's can be a 2-3 star venue if you don't prepare ahead of time.  But worry not, you are reading MY review and below this very text lies directions for how to have a fun, 4-star experience.  Ready?  Fantastic.

1.  Don't expect CPK pizza.
They're better than Domino's, but you're going for the variety and quantity.  Be adventurous and try the spicy peanut butter pizza.  They have 12 varieties going at once so save room and don't eat the crusts.

2.  Go with a group.
It's more fun that way.

3.  Do not go on the weekend and avoid evenings.
I know this is difficult, maybe impossible for many people, but try for a weekday lunch (it's cheaper, anyway).  No offense to the fine folks of San Bernardino county, but a Saturday night at John's means loud, rude, smelly and messy people.  And their kids are bad too.

4.  Don't play the games, they're overpriced.
Except maybe glow golf or bumper cars, which are still overpriced but more fun for the money.  Oh, and save $0.25 by finding an old game card near a recharge station.

5.  Eat the fresh mini donuts.
Because they are fresh mini donuts made right in front of your face and covered in powdered sugar!  And don't be afraid to ask nicely for more if they run out.

John's Incredible Pizza is a Chuck E. Cheese on steroids, and probably unlike any buffet you have been to, so stick to the guidelines and you'll be golden.
This is an awesome place to setup a birthday party! Definitely 5 steps up from Chuck E Cheese. 

Its definitely not cheap, but they offer several different packages to help you work with your budget. They have many private party rooms that step out into a huge play area that has almost every game imaginable outside of actual carnival rides. Think of a sober D&B's

The food is just okay, as what would be expected from places like these, but at least you get tons of options. Salads, pizza, desserts, they have something for almost everyone, so they get a star for that, even if it's not the tastiest. In any event, people don't come here with the sole purpose of eating anyway. They come here because the kids and even some adults find it totally fun and entertaining.

Even bigger plus, no cleaning up after the party!
Ok so this place is a pretty busy place! I had my two boys birthday partys here yesterday & I would have to say the birthday crew were patient & extremly helpful to our guest and my birthday boys....The only thing I wish they would do is reserve @ least an hour more time to the birthday party... the time goes by so fast!.....and they have everything on a time schedule!....but overall it was organized and everyone enjoyed themselves......The food was ok decent not one of my favorite pizza joints, but it was fresh,...and always stocked with food,...if u were to come here on a regular visit, i would recommend trying to find a day its not busy lol....good luck!....throwing a birthday party here though beats Chuck .E Cheese anyday!.... sorry chucky lol!
This is more for a kid's birthday party
The food is medicore at best
Basically it's for kids that think chuckie cheese is lame
This place is actually pretty AWESOME and AMAZING! I could not believe how HUGE this place is once inside. 

The Themed rooms are FREAKIN GREAT! (You'll have to visit for yourself to see what many of us have mentioned in these reviews). 

The arcade/play/game area is unlike any other place I have ever seen. Kids (and adults) will LOVE the MANY choices avail. An indoor bowling alley, bumper cars and a large spinning type of ride you would normally find in a carnival and/or amusement park. This is in addition to the MANY video games, basketball, race cars etc...

This place TOTALLY blows Chuck E. Cheese way!

The food is VERY tasty, the choices plentiful and since it is a buffet, eat till you puke (if that is your thing?). Unlimited beverages, salad bar, dessert bar etc...

The staff is VERY nice and attentive. They have high energy music playing in the background, restrooms and entire location were VERY clean. Prices are VERY affordable.

The prize booth is VERY large and the choices are many. 

I HIGHLY recommend this place for kids of ALL including those over 21
I really like this place better than Chuck E Cheese... more food for the right prize and its good, more games and while you in there you can refill on food or drinks, that's great.
I love John's  Incredible Pizza!! If only I felt it worth of that 5th star - but alas, there are always bad sides to something so good!

John's Incredible Pizza is a good option when thinking about children's parties! In my opinion, it kicks Chuck E. Cheese in the ass! I'm not sure about pricing, but the two times that I've been - we have the room for 2 hours, the "helpers" come and facilitate some games with the kids, the bear comes to play with the kids too - all of the people at the party get play cards, AND the best part... it's buffet! Unlike Chuck E. Cheese where you have to pay for everything separately!  

The buffet to me is one of the best parts.  They have a salad bar, pastas, and tons of different pizzas to choose from.  My all time favorite is the peanut butter pizza.  I know it sounds gross, but really, it's SOOO GOOD! It's a little spicy so it has a little kick to it - but it's seriously the reason why I love coming here!! They also have other pizzas like bbq chicken, pepperoni, cheese, alfredo, nacho, mac and cheese, etc.  The buffet also has desserts like chocolate cake, cookies, cinnamon rolls, and ice cream.  They even have beer!! ... but the alcohol is extra!

Even though they kick you out of the private rooms after the two hours, you are welcome to go to the common eating areas to hand out (and continue eating).  

Also, they have such a wide variety of games!! Not only do they have your regular arcade games, they also have a few rides, mini golf, and bumper cars!! 

What's not to love?! 

The bad points - similar to other children's fun places - this place gets pretty crowded on weekends (hence not the 5 stars).  Also, not that I 'm a mom, but there's always a line for the changing table in the women's restroom.
So chaotic!..most of the games don't work..long lines everywhere (e.g. entrance and for rides, as well as to redeem tickets/prices), sticky floor/carpetting..no toilet paper in bathroom.. Service is horrible/all employees rushing around.. 1 lady behind the counter was yelling at  a poor customer.. The Little Gym nextdoor is a way better place for kids to have fun or have a party...stay far, far away!
If you want to save some money, make sure not to order soda because you can tell them that you want water. then when get seated, you can go off and get yourself a coke because nobody check you.

Remember kids can get really full after eating like 2 slices of pizza.

Overall, there are a lot of variety of pizzas to choose from. My favorite is peanut butter pizza. Yummy.

Overall I rated this place a three star. 

There is a hometown buffet next door if you don't feel like eating pizza.
Kids loved the food n games.
I have been here many times, with the children I work with, or for a child's birthday. For what it is, it's good.
The food isn't bad. Decent salad bar. The pizza is pretty good, with many choices. Try the spicy peanut butter pizza. The cinnamon rolls are great, and the soft serve is pretty good also.
The games are pretty decent. They have added some new games, but I am sad they took away the build a bear.
If you have kids, this place is a must go for them! They have everything here, foods, arcade games and bumper cars! Affordable prices with lots of games and foods, what's not to love if your a kid? Do sign up for their mailing list cuz they do send out coupons every week and that can save you a lot!
OMG.. where was this place when I was a kid?!?! Seriously man...

First off, this review is based on me reverting back to my 4 year old mentality. And if I would describe JIPC in two words, it'd be ..freaking awesome. I mean c'mon.. pizza, games, rides, private b-day rooms where random grown ups come to give me tons of presents while I act like the happiest kid on the planet! Who could ask for more???

JIPC is great fun for all ages. Whether you're 5 years old or 35 years old.. you'll surely find entertainment. I went here recently to celebrate my good friend's son's birthday.. the little cutie had just turned 4. They reserved their own room where hostesses blew balloons and played games for the children. The food was buffet style served outside and the drinks/pizza were served in the room. JIPC has all the games even I like. There was mini-golf which I played with a friend. That was fun. Everything inside was glow in the dark and it was a pretty good run considering the fact that I wasn't really expecting much. We also went on the bumper cars which was surprisingly the most fun for us since these bumper cars were wayyy too legit and lasted long enough to bump every kid at least 5 times.. just picture two grown ass people getting crazy with kids hahah.. too funny!

I guess it's safe to say that grown-up Val had a good time, don't you? ;)
We went to Johnny's pizza and I must say that this place is awesome. 10 bucks per person gives you unlimited drinks, pizza, salad bar, and desserts. This is like a Sizzler's but better and less expensive. It's a mix of Chucky Cheese and Souplantation. I highly recommend this place as the food is fresh and there are many choices of pizza to choose from. The Bar B Que Chicken pizza was goooooood! This establishment is a family restaurant as the games are mostly all for children. Overall a great restaurant and I would definitely go back.
This pizza and pasta buffet is one gargantuan restaurant.  It is built inside the old Home Base building.  The price is OK $8 all you can eat and $1.50 for a drink.  I think it is pretty cheep to charge separate for a drink at a buffet.  The food is just so so but defiantly better than Chuck Y Cheese.  The pasta was over cooked and the pizza was just OK.  The desserts seemed to have been sitting for a while.  The employees really don't seem to enjoy their jobs at all.  The ambiance wasn't too bad.  I liked the way that they themed different dinning rooms.  They have 5 themes, extreme sports, cartoons, Sports, Rock and roll, and log cabin.  

There is also a large game area with lots of wasted space and over priced games.  If it were my restaurant I would have made it two stories of games and cut the cost of each game in half.   I would actually pay the employees decent so there would actually be some moral.   This would have brought way more people in and would keep them coming back.  I give this restaurant another year if something doesn't change.
This is Chuck E. Cheese on steroids!!!! Or, think of it this way. It's a down-scaled version of Dave & Busters, but for kids. This is the place you go to take your kids for birthday parties. 

The food is decent. Mind you there were some interesting pizza combinations I'd never heard of (Spicy Peanut Butter and Pepperoni), the salad bar plentiful, and a small selection of desserts. In addition to the pizza and salad, John's also carries pastas, baked potatoes, and chicken fingers. FYI, they're BBQ Chicken pizza is really good.

The price is decent for what you get. It's all you can eat for $8.99 (evenings/weekends for adults) and that includes a soda. It's $7.99 for seniors (evenings/weekends). 

Now, on to the rest of the place. It's noisy. Very, very, very, noisy. In fact, not only do they have the music blasting, but the games and the other machinery here has all of it's sounds going too. So if you're expecting an important phone call, have your phone on vibrate. Of course, this is only in the game area. 

The eating area is on the opposite side of the building. This is very smart on behalf of the management and the design team of John's. Each of the eating rooms are themed. I was in the Vertical room where they kept re-looping a video of skateboarders. Another one of the rooms was playing original Scooby-Doo episodes. Our room was perfect for our group because we were celebrating a birthday party for a little girl who just turned 4. It was princess themed as best it could be in a room full of skateboarding images. :)

We probably won't be coming back anytime soon, only because we don't have kids. But I'm sure if there's another birthday that brings us back, we'll go.

By the way, arrive by 11 a.m. It's not as crowded and you get a better pick of games to play on at that time. The later it gets, the more crowded and busy it is along with the noise level.
I would like to have a better review but I didn't even get to go inside! It was my stepson's birthday so we called earlier in the day to see if we should make a reservation.  The person who answered said that was not necessary just to come in a little early to find a table.  When we got there the parking lot was full.  The line was completely out the door and to top it off it was cold and raining. CRAZY! We thought we would be troopers and stand in line.  Well it did not move for the 30min. we were there.  To top it off this is supposed to be a Family place and we saw not so family friendly characters. WOW! I might give this place a try again but in Buena Park, maybe we'll get in this time.
They should really call this place John's Inedible Pizza!! At best the pizza is mediocre if you get it fresh, IF! The pasta was nasty and the employees are better suited folding napkins. Cool place if you're one of those complacent parents that allows the tv to raise your kids and dont care how they act in public. Within 10 minutes of being allowed inside this kid throws up next to the pizza bar(He must have tried it!!)Been there twice which is 3 times too many!! The video games barely work and are a blatant credit rip-off!! If you hate Chuck E. Cheese get ready to discover a new low here if you dare! I would rate this place in turds if I could.
We stumbled upon this monolith while trying to find food in a land alien to us - the 909.

Anyway, my first impression was that it was some sort of Chuck E. Cheese's on steroids, and that really isn't too far off.  The price, thankfully, is pretty cheap ($8-9), so I found it hard to complain about the so-so food and kitschy attempts at "theming."

So all in all - it is what one expects - absolute insanity with games, kids, weird pizza, etc. etc.  I would not go here for great food.  I would go here with a group to laugh at how ridiculous the whole place is, and then wish that Toy Story were real life.
Employees:
RUDE and Clueless
EMPLOYEES PUT DROPPED FOOD BACK IN THE BUFFET.

I Told An Employee That A Kid Dropped Food In Front Of The Dessert Buffet And The Employee Picked Up The Food On The Floor And Put It Back On The Buffet.

I Looked For A Manager And 10 Minutes Later, I Told The Manager What Happened And People Were Already Eating The Dirty Food.

The Manager Had The Employees Remove The Platter Of Dirty Food And Fix A New Batch Of Dessert.
I brought my family here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. The first thing that disappointed me was, regardless whether your eating or not, you must pay the $12+ just to enter. It just happened that I was on an all juice detox and had no intentions of eating. I had to pay anyway. I understand why they do this, so people don't just walk in, not pay and still eat the buffet. There has to be another way to solve this issue. Wrist bands or something. It's not right to charge people who are not eating. I should of left, but I promised the kids games and pizza. 

I took a good look at the buffet, it looked pretty good and looked fresh. Lots of different pizza's and pasta to choose from. A big dessert area too. Great for kids! My parents were not disappointed in the food, which says a lot, because they are the first to criticize food. 

The biggest complaint I had was the temperature in the room called, Cabin Fever. I asked if the thermostat could be adjusted, several managers looked at it, but the temp never changed so we all had to get up and move to the Fusion room. It was better. Now I know why that was called Cabin Fever. 

Over all- the price is a bit high especially because I didn't eat. The games and rides are great and my 13 year old son had a good time. Seems like the over cleanliness was okay, but the carpets are filthy and really need to be cleaned. 

Plan on spending $75-$100 for a family of 4 after purchasing a game card which range from $15-25. 

Compared to a Chuck E Cheese, John's IPC is much better for Tweens on up.
I've been going here for family birthday dinners since the year they opened, which was `04 or `05. No matter what the age of the birthday, my family celebrated it there. The food is "alright."I prefer to eat the salad and lots of it. The fresh mini donuts are my favorite! But most of the time it looks more like funnel cake to me. The mini bowling, mini golf, and dizzy ride is pretty fun. The basketball game is pretty fun .. it's life sized! I gave it 3 stars because entertainment wise it won me over. On the other hand, on 2 separate occasions i found unwanted visitors roaming the floors. gross!
I like the place but mot of the people that work there, have the most unpleasant attitude ever. I guess they are under a lot of pressure dealing with parents and kids but, is not that serious, you have to have patients and be polite no matter what job you have dealing with the public. This is why I gave them 3 stars
I hate going to Chuck E. Cheese.  The games suck.  The pizza is OK.  The worst thing is Chuck is now creepy.  

When I go to John's, I get good pizza.  The pizza I would give 7/10.  10 being the best ever and 0 being that cardboard pizza you ate back in elementary school (which for some reason you thought was edible back then).   My favorite pizzas are the spicy peanut butter with pepperoni and the pepperoni/ jalapenos.  Delicious.  

On the dessert side, they have an automatic doughnut machine popping out little crispy on the outside and soft on the inside goodness topped with just powdered sugar.  

Let's face it.  At John's you get a good value.  You could have a beer (that's pretty cheap), eat tasty pizza, and play games Chuck E. Cheese only dreams about.
Today I used this location to host a birthday party for my daughter. It turned out GREAT! For $13 per child we received a party room and host, each kid received a balloon animal, all you can eat buffet, party games, fun cards with 50 redemption tickes, 1 free ride, and 20 fun world credits! All I had to do was provide the cake, kids, and credit card. The kids had a blast, I was able to relax and enjoy the day with my birthday child. All in all this is a great place to host a hassel free birthday!
I am not a fan of children.  And this place was infested with them!!!  But this place has a really great layout.  You take your kids, feed them, then let them roam freely while the adults can hide away in the many alcove dining areas to relax and do their own thing such as watch the TVs or read a book.  The kids will periodically come back to show you their prized tickets, but mostly, they leave you alone.  That is bliss!!!
John's Incredible Pizza Company really does have pretty darn good food, especially compared to Chuck E. Cheeses.  They have over a dozen varieties of pizzas.  A great selection of pastas.  And a pretty healthy salad bar.  Everything is ALL YOU CAN EAT!  My group consisted of 2 adults and 2 kids under 6.  We paid a total of about $60 for all our food buffet, and also including the $25 for 119 credits + 2 rides.  So I say $60 for about 3-4 hours of the kids doing their own thing is incredibly worth it!!!  Invest in a set of good ear plugs and you'll be set!
I agree with Valerie M. I never had a place like this when I was a kid! Man!

PROS: buffet style soda, soup, pizza, pasta, salad, & dessert for $5-$12, depending on whether you're a kid or an adult. And no, wanting/acting like a kid doesn't count!

I came here for a friend's son's 4th birthday and I can see why this place is so INCREDIBLE (haha, get it?) - there's food, games, rides, dancing mascots, bowling - every kids' dream!

My friend and I couldn't get over why there weren't places like this when we were growing up. It's like Chuck E Cheese on steroids (or Dave & Buster's on anti-depressants if you prefer) and I swear if I wasn't wearing a dress, I could have gone crazy around the place.

CONS: makes you think twice about having a kid. LoL. I mean, for those that are in the deciding period. 

Great place for birthday parties and to take the kids to hang out. Although, I imagine it could get pretty costly after all the food, drinks, and playing cards for the little ones. But hey, at least it's smaller than Disneyland so if you lose them, they couldn't have gotten far, right?
.., came here recently to celebrate my buddy Scott's son's 4th bday. This place is hard to miss , especially if you are a local.

When my gf & I arrived, we were driving thru their parking lot (to park obviously), when we came across a  roadblock of 3 cars pointing in 3 different directions. I gave the driver closest to me a look (as in, get the f*ck out of our way), but they all still chatted as if the world around them didn't matter. It was right in front of the entrance, what better place to hold up traffic! I try to pass the car closest to me because it would be ridiculous for us to wait til' their conversation ended, when the driver closest decides to finally move. 

I get a better look at him & the rest of the drivers & they were 3 of John's Incredible Pizza Co employees! That really pissed me off! These idiots probably just got off the clock & were deciding where to meet up afterwards. That's all fine with me but when you're blocking the way for not only myself, but other opposing traffic just to BS w/ work buddies in the parking lot,  have the decency & consideration to not be an a$$hole about it. 

Upon entering, we didn't wait too long. Despite the massive herds of families & kids running around, the cashiers move quite efficiently. After we ordered, we had to show our reciept to another employee before getting our buffet on. I look up & guess who it is? The dude that was blocking us in the parking lot! After he ignored my form of existence outside, look who he runs into inside? His eyes lit up looking somewhat awkward & guilty when he seen me look at him. I wanted to say something but I let it go. Probably a highschool kid just being immature, but still. You should have respect for others, especially when it's a damn customer at your place of business!

We finally hit the buffet & chowed down. Everything I had was delicious. Not mind blowing, but definately great. The spaghetti & other pasta dishes were all good. I really dug the buffalo chicken pizza, but I just wish they put more buffalo chicken on them. Desserts were all tasty, & our server was very attentive as well. 

We'll be back again.
Much like reruns of Blossom and the rectangles of Elio's Pizza also of my youth, Chuck E. Cheese's is far better when a little drunk. Stop at Showman's across 125th Street for a martini, then brave the dirty escalator and mob of children sticky with urine and soda to play some skeeball and whatever 40% of the video games happen to be working. Whatever tickets you win, give to the poor fat kid who keeps getting ditched by his cousin who already had his growth spurt, and walk back out into the night from whence you came. Do not eat here. Bring hand sanitizer. Avoid weekends and later nights when teens take over and young love mucks up the vibe with fighting and slutty tank tops filled to the brim being jostled by boys who could be gentler, but then wouldn't get to enjoy the bouncing result of their jostling.
OK, it's fun for kids, sort of a Chucky Cheesy for tweens.  Food sucks, though.  Should be named John's Inedible Pizza Co.
reasonably priced pizza and related neu italian fast food.  The quality is not great, and the atmosphere is terrible (loud, colorful, well-lit, themed rooms), and the staff is above average for what you'd expect.  You wouldn't decide to go here for quality though, you go for quantity.  If you're having one of those days where you need mass quantites of OK food, this is your place.

lunch buffet is $6 plus $1.50 for drink.  Dinner is $2 more.  

go when it isn't crowded if hyperactive children bother you.
This place is such a rip-off!! Even the birthday parties (which are overpriced) are crappy. The food is nasty, lines are long, employees are all minimum wage NAZIs and beers are too expensive. Its like Chuckee-Cheese on crack. 

Unless you enjoy wasting money and large headaches, stay away from this dirty germ-infested place.
We had our kids birthday party here 5 years ago with about 45 friends/family and we loved it! and we been coming back ever since! We love this place! HUUUGE parking lot. Lots of seating in themed rooms, tons of games and rides all indoor! Doesn't matter if its 50 degrees outside or 115 cause all rides are inside. Its fun for the kids AND adults! The private party rooms are great too! They play games at your party with all the kids and give them little prizes! and they have strange pizzas that you think are gross til you try them and LOVE THEM! There's even healthy food, not just pizza! and it doesn't have that yuck feeling like chuck e cheese!
The kids loved this place. We were here for a birthday party. I thought it would be like the other pizza fun places but I was impressed. Huge All you can eat Buffet, you can eat the entire time you were there. The party was cute, then they ship you out of the room to make space for the next party. 

The twister in the middle of the restaurant is awesome along with the bumper cars and the miniature golf. My friend an I were sipping on wine while the kids had a blast.

I tried the.........
peanut butter pizza, it was yummy, spicky with a nutty flavor. 
Cheeseburger pizza, tasted like a regular cheeseburger. 
Garlic and Pesto pizza, was ok
The hawaiian pizza as good as hawaiian gets
I did feel the pizza was a little dry but when a place keeps your kids entertained for hours and hours, WHO CARES! 

The pasta bar was ok. My favorite was the little donuts. OMG! I could eat a whole bucket of those. TASTY! 

I hope people don't really come here for the food! Who goes to chuck E Cheese for Pizza, this is about entertainment to your kids and catching a break while you sip on some wine. Incredible experience. :) we'll be back here again.
John's Incredible Pizza is like Chuck E Cheese on steroids. This pizza joint makes C.E.C look weak. Where do I begin? I know, the theme rooms. Plenty for everyone from a sports area, to a quite cabin style room, and our favorite, the cartoon room. If you enjoy cartoons on Boomerang make your way in here to watch the Flintstones or Jetsons.    

Next is the food. The pasta and salad are pretty good. You have plenty of options for your fresh salad and a good variety of pasta with sauces. The dessert bar is awesome. You will find donuts, chocolate cake and ice cream with plenty of toppings. 

The food highlight of J.I.P is the pizza. The pizza selection is incredible, the name says it. The usual toppings, veggie, pepperoni, extra cheese and Hawaiian pizza. The not so usual Macaroni & Cheese, BBQ Chicken Ranch, Garlic Pesto, Fiesta (like a bean burrito), and the Peanut Butter Pizza. The slices are small so you can take a bite of each one. My favorite are the Macaroni & Cheese and the BBQ chicken, yum.

I was impressed with the beer and wine selection. They have Widmer Hefeweizen and Blue Moon beer, I know good beer. Don't forget the Robert Mondavi wines, Zinfandel, Chardonnay and Merlot. Great job J.I.P with the alcohol. This gives you guys the 5 stars ;o) 
 
Next are the rides and games. We had fun bowling, playing air hockey, shooting, video games, rides and playing glow in the dark golf. Yes, glow in the dark golf. The best part is going home and having three boys wiped out because of J.I.P, oh yeah!
people couldnt have said it better Chuck E Cheese on steroids!
i went here for the first time a couple weeks before i graduated from college, talk about losing the freshmen 15 then regaining it all back on one lunch break
the pizza isnt the best but it is edible
they go on the concept of quantity then quality 
when i am a true believer that less is better because it shows more attention to detail and better quality
the rides and games are a bit overpriced but they have a wide selection
D&B's would be more to my liking because I can drink and play without getting pestered for tokens by little germmy kids with snot bulbs an all
I came here with a couple friends because one of them had been here several times before and raved about the peanut butter pizza but sadly they didnt have any that day the maguerita pizza was a-okay

would i go here again:
eh, maybe.. it's pretty cheap for lunch and a drink
better if you go with a group
More like a 2.5 . . .
Chuck E Cheese's on CRACK

I felt like I walked on to the set of Jersey Shore for 8 yrs olds.

My gf's sister booked a party for her 6 yr old's birthday party.  If I were 6 or 8....this would be like clubbing in Hollywood.  This place was filled with the "hometown buffet crowd"  I am by no means the bougie high maintenance type, but I would never have my kid's bday party here.  It was so crowded and the food is only appetizing for an 8 yr old.  I give them props for having a really good salad bar though.

Pro's:
All you can eat
Games and rides that would rape chuck e cheeses
Extremely attentive party staff

Con's:
Pizza for 6 yr olds (Mac and cheese on pizza . .Peanut butter pizza)
Crowded on the weekends
$15-$17 PER person

I'll stick to my potlucks at the community park.
My husband, our friend, and our baby and I go here like once a month. We love it because it is SO cheap and the pizza is okay and weird you can create your own.. (as opposed to going to Redlands for an amazing pizza place. The Gourmet Pizza Shoppe) We go later on like 830-9 because everyone is almost gone. if you go between 6 and 8 it's jammed packed and the line is out the door!! there are several rooms to sit in that are different themes and it's kinda like a mini amusement park on the otherside, not just a midway! mini glow in the dark golf, bowling, rides andbumper cars! it's totally rad. although we've never done any of them... haha we just eat for cheap and enjoy the dessert bar. funnel cake, no way?! yes way. well it's more like fresh donuts, but it's delicious.
The place is clearly intended for children to eat play and get prizes. I've been here twice and the second trip was less fun than the first.
the food:
typical pasta buffet ...macaroni and  cheese, Alfredo,  marinara.. 
Not to shabby. 
Salad bar...it's okay has enough selections to create  a satisfying salad (hard boiled egg was my favorite) 
Pizza :
A lot of options to pick from it's best to pick out the ones freshly out.  
Desserts :
Wack!!  There's only 2  sundae options vanilla or chocolate with sprinkles.
The other options are doughnuts, which look dry and old, cheesecake that looks yellow, chocolate cakes that are big and have too much frosting .. and a decent cinnamon roll. 

Games: 
Everything you play is operated by a credit card that has token value. So instead of carrying a pocket full of coins you get a card. Awesomeness. And if you lose it you can replace it for $0.25. There are still a few coin-op games and also token machines.  The games are the usual skills games, not.as fancy as chuck e. Cheeses in that sense. Also, whatever tickets you get go onto the card :). For the games that still shoot out tickets you can go.to.a.machine out front and put the ticket value in to your card. Easy. If you have an issue doing so, the workers are always really nice. 

Restrooms :
Plentiful and clean
the party rates are reasonable and a lot cheaper than everything else these days in "central park north" or whatever we are calling Kunta Kinte... I mean Toby....I mean Harlem today.  the salad bar and the pizza are good, you can get hot dogs if your child is like mine and hates cheese, and the place is stocked with video games that actually work.  its chuck e cheese.  you know the deal.  now on to one of the overlooked "perks" at chuck e cheese:

i know, i know, i know....chuck e cheese is supposed to be all about the kids and yada yada yada but the one on 125th is a GREAT spot for single parents to hook up.

first of all, when you "bump" into a single parent there (by mistake of course *ahem*) you know they have kids or at least you know that they will be more likely to tolerate the fact that you do.

yes i know, this may be characterized as a ghetto review but trust me on this one because you will be glad to have been informed when you show up in your "cute" soccer mom gear.

hey, life is messy.  you gotta get in where you fit in.
my friend jason and i are big kids at heart. while people are age our sitting at bars and clubbing the night away-- our idea of a good night consists of john's incredible pizza company :] 

so we've been to john's twice-- and have been pretty happy with both experiences. of course nothing can top our first experience of walking into this costco sized chuck e cheese (sorry john, its the only thing i can compare it to!) and running around like crazy between the dessert table to the arcade. 

in order to get access to the plethora of arcade games, you have to pay for the buffet-- so make sure youre hungry! its not that expensive, its like +$10 for a buffet and drink for an adult. you can also opt for some package deal that they have so you can get credit for the arcade! the food is alright-- i would stay away from the over picked salad bar and save your tummy space for their pizza :] they have tons of different kinds and even take requests! my boyfriend's favorite is the chicken alfredo and mine was the barbeque ranch-- but save room for dessert, because they have freshly made mini donuts! 

the games are fun. jason and i like to think that when we play that one basketball game that we are burning off all of those carbs that we put on from the massive amounts of pizza and donuts we just consumed twenty minutes prior. the prizes kinda suck-- but oh well, its still fun trying to win that 10000 knock off razor scooter. 

but who are we kidding, jason and i both know that we arent just apart of the john's incredible pizza company VIP club for the pizza or the arcade games-- its for those little bundles of fried joy :]
I was confused at first thinking this was just a pizza joint, came here with my sis, and 5 and 8 year old nephew and niece.  I was like a kid again, just WOWing my way through the venue.  I'm a germ phobe so this place was surprisingly clean! 

We did everything from ride the rides (that spinning ride in the center is SCARY!  haha.) , mini golf, bowling, froggie and bumper cars and of course, ate the food and played the games.  

I won 400 tickets on Deal or No Deal, woohoo!  Love the ticketless system with just using the card, yay to Going Green!

The food was really good!  I loved that they had mac n cheese pizza and spicy peanut butter pepperoni, way to go!

The price was right too....maybe I'll have my next bday party there!!
We've been passing this place for years and keep intending to go in but always forget.  It was the husband's birthday and he loves pizza so we said why not?

Very happy that we finally did.  At first, I thought the prices were high for the buffet but once I actually got in and saw everything you get for it, I was like woohoo!!!

I thought the food was great, icees, a capuccino machine, all sorts of pizzas (peanut butter?) (they'll even take a special request and make what you want), baked potato bar (which I LOVE), and a very fresh salad bar.  Not into desserts, but they had that also and a pretty decent selection it seemed.

Eating is done in themed rooms which ranged from a cartoon room (the kid was happy that Bubble Guppies was on) to a skateboard room.  

The great part was going to play the games and tiring out from that and being able to come back to the all you can eat buffet and have some more to eat.  Woohoo!  I hate when you go out to eat, go do something and then you get home and you're hungry.  Doesn't happen at this place.

As to the games, it's nice that they give you a fun card so that all your 'tokens' are on it along with the tickets you have.  I haven't been to Chuck E. Cheese's in a year but I still have those darn tokens in my car in odd places along with the tickets.

We had a great time and I can't wait till we go back!
Great variety of pizzas!  Much better than Chucky Cheese!  Definitely a better deal than Dave n Buster's and you can go back for more food if you like!  The gaming "fun card" offers more ways to play plus you can use it for the rides.  That's right .. they have cool rides inside this place which is a blast!  If you like drinks they have a bar next to the cappuccino stand.  The salad bar was great and the pizzas keep on coming and if the one you like is not there at the time you get there just asked them and they will make the pizza right away.  They have a Slurpee maker next to soda fountain plus ice tea if you like.  

I like the Margarita and the Alfredo pizza the best.  The Buffalo and BBQ pizza's came in the second.  For desserts you have a pick between the swirl ice cream, cookies, cheese cake and velvet chocolate cake and a few others I never had a chance to try since there was such a variety.  Different pasta's as well with a variety of sauces all for a reasonable entry fee less than $10 for adults, senior discounts and kids under 6 just $5 ... that's definitely a smoking deal for under $10 in an all you can eat buffet!
Been here a couple times for bday's and the buffet is actually pretty good.  It's simple..  They have a great salad bar, pizza & pasta section, dessert and some miscellaneous items.  Add fried chicken to the mix and this place would be that much better.  I can't remember how the games were but there are plenty.
OMG its like the third b-day party I've been invited to here, we went with the kids and they loved it, but if your a family on a budget and just want to go somewhere this is not the place for you because you'll find you self walking around trying to find something to do (well i guess that's anywhere) luckily we don't have that problem at this moment, but this was the first time i had kids with me and wasn't expecting to spend as much as i did. 

I found myself at that darn card reload machine all day, lucky for me my cousin had some extra pre loaded cards they got for having a room party there (expensive). To top it all off I counted the tickets we had won and when we fed them to the machine it was a significant amount less so we got cheated, then my wife tested the machine and out, put just two tickets in and it credited her for one (so i was right). But if you wanna go somewhere and fill up on pizza and pasta this is the place for you. Family on a budget not so much. 

NOTE: if its you first time make sure you read what pizza you are picking up do not, i repeat do not go by sight, they have some weird flavors, just one for example peanut butter.
(A guest post from my 14-month old son)

Waaaaah! wah! wah! wah! 

He looked at clown murals...the flashing lights...the mobs of kids too old for the free toddler area but running around...and cried and clung.  Too stimulating and scary.  The cartoon dining room has hanging lamps that burn with the heat of an abu graib interrogation room. No napkins at the dining table, only at the buffet line

but...there is an icee machine! and fresh hot donuts off a machine that taste like funnel cake.  

maybe we'll be back...when they're older
What can I say, I'm a fan. Although I come strictly for the buffet, I do appreciate the games and rides. It adds much to the already fun atmosphere.  There is a great variety of pizza, plus pasta, baked potatoes, soup, salad, and desserts. Don't see the kind of pizza you like? (But you probably will.) Fill out a special request form and they will make you your pizza to your exacting specifications and no extra cost! How cool is that? My favorite: spicy peanut pizza. I guess I'll never grow up. Alcoholic beverages are available, so don't be afraid to come here, there is truly something for everyone.
good place to spend the day with kids!! 
they got different variety of pizzas and pastas and salad bar!! 

kids like it!! but i ended up playing this coin machine for lot of tickets and got the kids a present from the booth!!
When my girlfriend told me about this place,I thought of Chuck E. Cheese (loud,dirty,terrible food).So when we went for her nephews birthday,I was not so excited.When we got there,first impression is that this place is HUGE! Price was very good for all you can eat pizza. The selection was great, food was hot, and tasteful. It wasn't just cheese or pepperoni pizza that tasted like it had cheap toppings,it was actually pretty good (compared to fast food pizza). Their macaroni cheese pizza is worth the adventure. I saw their pizza with peanuts (in a shell),but didn't try it. My girlfriend loved it. Alcohol is an additional charge,but worth it considering they have free dessert also. Games are extra charge but fun. And the cleanliness?The staff were all teenagers, but really were on top of things on making sure things were clean. I continuously saw the staff cleaning, & wiping things down. Great first (hopefully not last) experience.This place is like Dave and Busters but pizza! Great place for kids and family.
To me this place is way better than Chuck E. Cheese! (wish they had this when i was a kid) But to me food and rides and games seem better!

Buffalo Pizza, Mac N Cheese and Cinnamon Roll!  =)

I believe this one is better than the one in Buena Park, not as urban and a bunch of kids running around like crazy! Might of been since I came to this one on a Monday and the one in Buena Park on a weekend. Maybe.. Maybe not!
Sure, this place smells of sweaty ball pit, but what pizza place dedicated to kids doesn't?
This place is perfect for adults that like beer & want to relax while unleashing their hungry kids on an impressive playroom and pizza buffet. Johns is a Pizza buffet featuring strange combinations (ex: spicy peanut butter pizza, don't let it get the best of you as I once did)  Unlimited pizza, rides, miniature golf, mini bowling alley, arcade, themed rooms  and beer for adults. Take your family here, my baby sister loves this place.
alright--- this place is BIGGER, nice salad bar-- good food compare to Chuck E Cheese. A place I will recommend:)
I ate here (went for seconds, thirds and fourths) and DIDN'T get sick. I will return. Plus the games are fun.
Food tasted like it was sitting out for a while. Never again will I come here for the food. The whole buffet area looked sloppy with food all over the counters. They didn't have a wide selection of choices. Wasted my money.
I luvvvvved this place.  It was typical buffet style but there were so many choices of pizza and they will even special order your favorite pizza at no charge.  The kids love it.  There are many choices of games, a mini bowling lane, and bumper cars.  We had a ball and will go again and again!
They should really call this place "John's Incredible Everything-But-Pizza Company." Overall, this place is an absolute gem that puts Chuck E. Cheese to shame.

Let's begin with the glorious buffet of food. They have a salad bar, baked potato, pizza, pasta, dessert, and two soda fountains. Everything was great, but the pizza was WAAAAY below par. I never knew pizza could EVER taste bad :(. If you're going to advertise a food in the name of your restaurant, people will expect it to be delicious. However, I do have to give them credit for the huge variety of pizza that they cater. I mean, they have macaroni on pizza. How awesome is that? Well, it sounds awesome... but it didn't taste awesome. I also made my own root beer float. A plus for me! :)

Moving on, they have an arcade area which is the highlight of the place. So. Many. Games. The place also has rides. OMG. Okay, I'm done being a dunce. So the games and the rides cater to babies, children, teenagers, and adults. As a 19 year old girl, I loved the Frog Jump (or whatever, I call it the "Supreme Scream for babies"). My niece dragged me onto there and I probably enjoyed it more than she did. Also, the bumper cars are SO MUCH FUN. The Twister is aimed at teenagers, but my 5 year old nieces hopped onto it and loved it. It's a headache inducer.

A major plus is that this place isn't stingy with their tickets like Chuck E. Cheese is. You get a ton of tickets when you play games. Their "prize" selection is awesome too. I couldn't help but get an inflatable hammer for 200 tickets.

For a place that caters to mostly kids, it's really clean. Nothing was sticky and if anything was spilt, it was cleaned right away. 

Overall, I really enjoyed my time here. Five stars despite the yucky pizza because I can't think of a better restaurant + arcade place.
I still can't give them more than three stars, but I sure enjoyed a fattening lunch here with Adam B. yesterday. We did a morning hike on the Claremont Hiking Trail and decided that it would do us well to stuff our stomachs full at John's afterward. GREAT decision. We paid $6.99 each with two drinks orders at $1.79 each. The total came out to just a tad over $18 and we made sure we ate just as much food, if not more. 

We had nothing to do with the arcade and games part of the place, so some of the adrenaline that makes John's seem more incredible than it really is didn't kick in. But, we still enjoyed ourselves. I had myself four plates of amazing fatty goodness - five slices of pizza, mac and cheese, pasta, cheesecake, red velvet cake, cut corn, canned fruit, and mixed veggies. Adam B. had almost twice as much and we were full within 90 minutes. Seriously, I could barely dodge the kids running around all over the place on our way out. 

My only gripe is the fact that the state of their restrooms is appalling. It's strange that they would have so many employees running around the dining rooms, constantly cleaning, and yet not a single person manning the restrooms. Any amount of common sense would clue you in to the disaster that can be the combination of young kids and a row of toilets. Let's just say, I only went in to wash my hands and I felt dirtier walking out than I did going in. Anyways, not my usual fare, but the experience was memorably filling.
Very large facility, good food, and nice selection of games for the kids...however, it is way too crowded.  If you have a party then you have a room but once your 2 hours is up, it is difficult to find seating in the public areas.  If you have young kids, you can't just let the kids roam around by themselves.  Definitely have to stay with them and keep an eye on where they are.  No security checks as you leave the facility with your kids.  Only one area for restrooms (that I saw) and lines can form very long...not enough for such a large and crowded facility.
I have to admit, I love this place as much as my kids do.  It's huge, it's fun.  It's like Vegas for kids.

I'll start with the food.  There are several dining areas, each with a different theme.  The sports room has TVs playing sports, for example.  One room looks like the inside of a lodge.  My kids like the cartoon room with the giant TV screen, and I've found that helpful in keeping the little ones seated.

There are numerous buffets: salad, soup, potatoes, pasta, dessert, and of course pizza.  Considering the sheer volume of the output at this place, the food is pretty good.  There are several different types of pizza: spicy peanut, BBQ chicken (these are the premium ones and go fast), veggie, Hawaiian, plus the usual cheese and pepperoni, etc.  There's also a special order "guest request."  

My only food complaint is that the desserts seem pretty unhealthy (cinnamon rolls, chocolate cake, cheesecake, cookies).  I'm guessing there's a ton of hydrogenated oils.  It would be nice if there were one lowfat option, such as frozen yogurt instead of ice cream.  Of all the foods offered, the desserts seem like the lowest quality to me.  

Arcade section is a ton of fun and again huge, but be prepared for sensory overload.  With so many games blasting, the volume in there can be a bit much.  My older kid likes the crane machines and has actually won from them, which I always thought was impossible.  There are so many arcade games -- from old school ones like Skeeball to newer ones like lazer tag, we haven't actually tried playing glow golf or glow bowling yet.  

Because there are games for all ages, parents of younger kids should be vigilant.  Lots of shoot-em-up games, one featuring some pretty graphic (and creepy) zombie animation.

Rides: Kiddie Convoy, Frog Hopper, Twister, bumper cars.  All indoors.  Rarely are there huge lines for any of these.

Staff: have always been very friendly, which is not easy to do in a loud, busy place overrun with kids and parents.  Everyone I've encountered has been more than helpful and are always on the go.  I have never seen anyone just hanging around doing nothing.  The restaurant also constantly issues customer surveys and seem very receptive to feedback.

Cleanliness: bathrooms, dining area and game room have always been clean.  Again, no mean feat considering the sheer volumes of people that pass through the place.

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that it can get expensive.  But the VIP card, kids card and occasional promotion (sign up for the email list!) help defer the costs.

Love this place.
This is where the people of Walmart come to hang out after a Walmart shopping spree in the IE.  This place is just OK.  Ok because the food is just OK.   But it is the same ghetto ass people that I hate to be around that hang out here for fun.  I took my brothers kids here a year ago for their birthdays (they are Irish twins, one year and two week apart).  They LOVED this place.....I didn't!!!!  The food is ALL you can eat of crap crappy fatty fat food of pasta and pizza.  I have had much better food.  Like a million times better.  And the games are expensive.  Then I have to hear "CAN WE HAVE MORE TOKINS" to do this or that....that annoys the F*ck out of me.  No your broke ass can not have more tokins...get a fucking job...earn your keep.  Mind you they are only  7 and 8.  But I don't give a F*ck.  If you want to ride the rides, then your young a** needs a J.o.B.  thats JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!
We just had a party for my niece here. It was so much fun. The party rooms are great. Our guests were excited to be there. In the gameroom I used the photo booth, so fun to choose your own decorations for the photos. Bumper cars are fun, I get my aggression out by bumping into people :p
I'm glad to see they have a laser tag area, I will try it next time, and I want to try the drum game also. 
The food is really tasty, but I wish I could still build my own pizza :/
I'll be back.
Why me go through gates?  Me want meet with nephew and eat pizza!!  Grrraaahh!!!  Me am forced to pay $9 for all me can eat buffet and few bucks more for soda.  Games extra.  Ok.  Incredible John.  You win.   No games.  Me no like April Fools.

Me walk through food for fun stuff to eat and me am not sad no more.  Lights no hurt eyes.  Me am happy with salad.  Me am happy with Chipotle pasta.  Mac 'n' cheese.  Foil potato.  Fettucine alfredo.  Spaghetti and spicy tomato sauce.  Yummy donut taste like baby funnel cake.  Cold yogurt.  Chocolate cake.  Me am hungry for Pizza Alfredo.  Pizza Margherita.  Pizza and Pepperoni and Jalapenos.  Nacho Pizza.  BBQ Chicken Pizza.  Hawaii Pizza.  Puny person request thin pizza also good.  Me get more jalapenos at salad place for pizza top.   Why Spicy Peanut Butter Pizza and Mac 'n' Cheese Pizza run out?  Me am ANGRY.  No people like me when me am ANGRY.  Me run after cook.

Me have fun eating and talking and watching game with friends and nephew basketball team for awards.  They go away and play games.  Me no play games.  Me am big boy now.  Maybe when no one looking, me smash wall of many dining places.  Why dining place look like sports bar or lounge or Hawaii or cabin?  Me no get Incredible John.  Jose VERY ANGRY.  Jose fight bear in blue vest!!!  What??  People want me fight big rat in skateboard clothes?  More better!  Jose SMASH!!!
I've been there many times now. It gets extremely crowded. The pizza and salad bar is pretty good. You can order a special pizza instead of eating what's there if you want. 

The games are cool for little kids. They have a couple rides as well. If you go fairly early it's not bad
Oh, I love Johns.  The food is nothing to write home about.  But the fun!  The fun is amazing.  I bring my toddler and he has the best time.  He begs to go back.  And he loves the food.  Ha!  Especially the slurpy.  I hate the lines on Friday and Saturdays and Sundays and so we tend to go during the week.
The pizza here is okay and different. They also have pasta that are also just okay. The best thing about this place is the restaurant is themed and has rides and arcades.
Well....I like it better than Chuck E Cheese, if that says anything. 

Reminds me of Vegas for kids. Lots of lights, lots of noise, and so much going on. There are video games, carnival prizes, even some indoor amusement park rides. How did they fit a miniature bowling alley and bumper cars in the place, I don't know. 

The food... think carbs, there was endless choices of pasta and pizza. For the health conscious, there is a full salad bar. The buffet is located in a central area and the are themed banquet rooms. There are plenty of private rooms for birthday parties. 

The service... manned by an army of high school kids, is neither good or bad. You'll catch an occasional roll of the eyes catering to out of control screaming tiny tykes and overbearing parents. However, I was impressed with one server, as she went out of her way to make an extra balloon animal for a late comer. She didn't have to as the party was well on it's way and there was lots to do. I suppose it's more the person than the training though. I was impressed. 

Maybe I need to be 12 to appreciate it more, the kids all seemed to like it though. With that said, I acknowledge it for what it is... they provide a service that caters to parents with kids. The place is a home run for parties and you'll be known as the cool mom or dad at your kid's middle school. 

Confessional... you have to try spicy peanut butter pizza, like you have to try fried Twinkies once in your life. 

Two stars for an adult, but I'm sure it'll hit three or four stars when I have a twelve year old. 

But as always, let me know what you think...
The good:  Much better than Chuck E. Cheese.  The food is delicious and it keeps coming in a buffet format.  They have mini-golf, bumper cars and a twister ride!  The rooms are themed but not in a corny way.  Great donuts and ice cream!  For some it is significant that they serve alcohol.

The bad:  It can be terribly expensive.  If you don't go during the right time where its not too crowded and not too empty you may find it difficult to get the food you're looking for.  People tend to drink a lot of alcohol.

The ugly:  When it gets crowded, it draws a pretty rough crowd from south of the 10 so be careful who you bump into and don't you dare complain when they cut in front of you at the buffet!
Move over kids, let mommy play a little... but mom... no let me show you how to do it... mommy I can do it! Just let mommy try! The only part of taking my kids here that I don't like is they always steal all my damn tickets, just because I'm a mom doesn't mean I don't want to cash them in for a prize too!
Oh well, Ill just gorge on yet another plate of mac n cheese pizza with jalapenos.
AYCE delicious pizza, AYCG (guzzle) root beer and cheap games that actually work make this place my fave venue to be invited to for a birthday party. I mean... for my kids to be invited to!
Two words: NEVER AGAIN.

This place is unorganized and terrible. I know this place is for kids but does that mean kids should run it? 

The selection of food was good but I was afraid to eat it because it was buffet style and guess what? All of the kids could reach it!! And in my world, as cute as they are, KIDS = GERMS. 

Maybe if I was 7 and did'nt care about eColi or catching the flu I'd have as much fun as the 5000 other people that were there were apparently having.

The place was chaotic and the line to get in took 45 minutes- which considering we were part of a prepaid party was absurd! By the time we got in the party was 1/2 way over because they only allowed us to have the room for an alloted few hours (a room which we SHARED with 2 other parties by the way.) And trust me when I tell you they really do kick you out after your alloted time.

 They even made my great aunt who is disabled wait in line while our entire party was inside already! UNBELIEVABLE!!!
 
Did I mention it was raining and we had to wait in line OUTSIDE?

In conclusion...I could've gone on forever on this one but I decided it's not even worth my time. I'm just warning everyone out there about this place.
don't come for the food. come for the games. 

trivia, dance dance revolution (YOU KNOW YOU LOVED THIS GAME WHEN IT WAS BIG!!! DON'T EVEN DENY IT!!), deal or no deal, RIDES, miniature golf, bumper.. things (they weren't cars... can't describe them) that were way funny than bumper cars, etc.

if you want to come for the food, eat the buffalo chicken, garlic pesto, and bbq chicken ranch pizza. they have mac and cheese pizza but its only good when its FRESH... and even then, its ok.  i would just eat their macaroni and cheese and put it on a cheese pizza instead.
This is my favorite John's. It is very spacious and clean. The buffet seems to have a better salad and veggies selection then other locations.
I have always loved John's Pizza, with the exception of this location!  It's ALWAYS crowded, I manage to get something stolen every time I visit, you always have to wait for the food you want, and the customer service is awefull!  Right up to management.

I say, skip Montclair and go to Moreno Valley, Victorville or Buena Park.  I've visited all of these locations and they all have my 5 star approval!
The only way to review Chuck E. Cheese's is as a seven year old.  Because after the experience I had yesterday (a Saturday Afternoon Child's Birthday Party) - Anna the adult would rather get a root canal. 

But, Anna the seven year old - well, she would have had a different experience....

Dickson's Birthday party is gonna be at Chuck E. Cheese's.  I can't wait.  They have those huge TV's in the back, and we can dance in front of them, and then we are on TV, awesome.  Kelly cried though, because a bigger kid  - I think he was at least a fourth grader - pushed her out of the way to show his friends how he can rap.

We got a whole cup of money for the games.  Just like granny's cup that she brings on the bus to Atlantic City.  Nanny says that Granny is an addict, and the neon glow & cigarettes make her look like a  smoked raisin, but sometimes, Nanny is in a bad mood.  I want to be just like granny, all those exciting flashing lights and when you win, you get TICKETS!  

A sixth grader stole Kelly's tickets - but that's ok, because when we sang Happy Birthday, it rained tickets.  Some lady was dancin' talking about "make it rain", and all of the daddy's got a weird look on their face's - but it was cool jumping for the tickets.  Kelly fell down, but I gave her a ticket - so she felt better.  

There were so many kids running around, it was like three schools had recess all together.  The Mommy's and Daddy's stayed in the booths and watched.  Sometimes, they played or took pictures, but they only ate celery and carrots and raw broccoli (or got stuff at the salad bar) WE GOT PIZZA.  I was full after one bite, it was really chewy, and the cheese was so slippery, the cheese juice ran all over my hands and shirt.  It left a really weird mark for juice (Nanny said it was grease), but it made my hands really slippery for when I was sliding through the tunnels - all of us were hangin' out in the overhead tunnels, we were so packed in there - it was like we were trying to see how many kids we could fit into a tubesock, and then we slid out.  

Nanny was worried about the flew - but Kelly said that was ok, because she already had something called H1pig something Flu, and she said that she was good enough to come out and play - so that's good.

I was so excited that I got as much soda as I wanted, and the chocolate cake was just like the cake that they have at granny's nursing home - I ate all of it.

And the best thing, I got 91 tickets from all the games that I played.  That got me FOUR Tattoos.  I could have had six plastic fish - but we have real ones at home -or I could have had NINE mini tootsie pops.  Lots of kids were screaming for their mommy's and daddy's to buy them the big prizes, but I heard a daddy say that "No way in hell am I paying $30.00 for a Barbie Doll".  Kelly laughed - she said that her daddy brigs her to the American Girl Shop.  I asked Nanny what the American Girl Shop was, and Nanny said that American Girl was capitalism's revenge on the American Dream, and the fifth sign of the Apocalypse.  I rolled my eyes - she & mommy & daddy use big words and get that look.  They don't get kid stuff.

While we were on the mini merry go round, Kelly puked.  I found out that she ate the pizza, the chocolate cake, and her friends who had a booth had french fries and chicken wings, and Kelly had six cups of coca-cola.  I found her Daddy and he took her home.

I stomped my feet and whined when Nanny said that we had to go home.  She picked me up, and couldn't figure out how to leave.  The escalator was broken, so she carried me downstairs.  Then we walked up to 125th Street, and we couldn't get a taxi.  Nanny took some Tylenol, and we took the bus home.  I fell asleep thinking Kelly is a wimp - how the hell is she gonna survive college?

It was the  Best. Day. Ever.
I've driven by this location for years and always wondered what was inside. Seems like I was a few decades too late. It's basically a buffet for kids.

You will find very little protein here: it's all carbs...rice, pasta, etc.

I was starving at the time, but I found the cheesy rice absolutely delicious.

The pizza was not half-bad either. I really enjoyed the Alfredo and Fiesta pizzas. The quality is wildly inconsistent, so you may have to wait a few batches for it to be just right.

One thing I will note is that the cashier assumed a lot. I didn't want soda and she automatically charged me for it. I had to ask her politely to redo the transaction.
I went there with my 2 kids. They had a blast. They loved all of the games. Pizza was very good. With a huge variety. Plus, they had a huge salad bar with a lot of options to chose from. The place was very clean, and the staff was very nice and polite.

I only had one issue with the place. You have to buy a ticket to enter the place. So, be prepared to eat because even if you don't eat, you still have to purchase a meal. 

Also, the girl add the register just added a drink onto my bill. I didn't want a drink, Because I wanted to drink water. When I questioned why my bill was a little bit more than I had expected, she had a little bit of an attitude with me.

But over all, we had a wonderful time.
Took the family back here about a week ago. First time in a few years i think. 

Pizza is still the same as before. The spicy peanut butter pizza is actually pretty good.

They dont seem to have as many games any more. 
The sports room stunk like throwup or something else gross.
I went around noon on a Monday for a birthday party and the place was nice and empty.  The space was huge and clean.  There was Chuckie and a worker walking around tossing tickets around the children...free tickets!  Typical deep dish pizza and soda machine for lunch.
This place is pretty cool. Its huge! There are different themed rooms to sit in and is first come first serve. Im sure you can ask to hold a room for you ahead of time if you need to. As we weren't kids we went into the nascar room and just saw down.

Its a all you can eat type of place. They have pizza, pasta, desserts, macn cheese. Its not top of the line stuff, but its pretty good.

They also serve beer! Big glasses of beer. So no problem from me here. 

Its biult for kids to enjoy so there are tons of kiddy games and tons of room to run around and get them tired. Bring your kids here and let them go and then get some beer and pizza and call it a day. Can't really go wrong here in my book. I think it was 12 dollars a person? and a little bit more for beer.