With Saint Patty's month in full swing, a visit for some authentic pub grub seemed a good idea. A charming place to satisfy such urge is The Dog and Duck Pub. Though British in decor, showing up with Irish eyes, smiling or otherwise, isn't out of place. Upon entering, the video games, jukebox, pool table, and dart boards let you know that your true reason for visiting had better be to chill out. Speak of which, a generous beer selection awaits behind the bar. Be warned that, if you visit during this particular week, you'll be getting a limited menu. This is due to adjustments being made in preparation for the much-ballyhooed S X SW music extravaganza. Admittedly I was cheesed off a bit by not having a full menu to work with but, thankfully a stalwart pub standby was still available...the fish and chips basket. 

For those not quite yet comfortable with jumping headlong into the land of pub grub more Americanized options such as veggie burgers and, for you comfort food mavens out there, the humble grilled cheese sandwich await. However, not trying out the aforementioned fish and chips basket would be a big mistake because both are sinfully delicious!! The beer-battered pollock comes with tartar sauce but who needs it? Such robust flavor to complement amazing crispness. As for the chips, they're neither wussy nor overly huge. They too were satisfyingly crisp.

If there was any knock regarding Dog and Duck it entails the service. Not being a pub crawler ordinarily I was unaware that you seat yourself. There was no sign to alert me to that. When I did make my way to a comfy seat the waitperson asked if there was anything I needed. I find that somewhat of a needless question whether I'm dining in a pub, steakhouse or wherever my palate takes me. How about a menu? Even if she had assumed maybe I was only there to knock down a pint of stout, even the offer of a beer list would have been sporting. A menu and a water refill are simply two things that don't need to be asked for by a diner...they're standards.

Still, it's hard to be too harsh when you're in the presence of an atmosphere that radiates with amiable folks having a good time, as I'm sure was true for the large grouping next to me, some of whom clad in Hawaiian-style print shirts. When those around you come off as relaxed it's easier for you yourself to do likewise. Want great pub grub and a renewed license to chill? The Dog and Duck Pub doesn't disappoint.
The Dog & Duck gets a solid 4 stars from me. It really is an American pub that has some British/Scottish/Irish food on their menu. The food is decent but I believe they have the best fish and chips in town. 
The staff - many who have worked here for years are generally friendly and hustle when it is required of them. There is a large beer selection, but I find it to be on the expensive side compared to similar businesses in the area. There is a great jukebox that might surprise you when that song you haven't heard in ten years, begins to emerge from the speakers. 
There is a nice deck and another patio on the side of the pub. It's always a good place to meet up with friends for a pint.
This place really needs no further introduction for most people who have lived in Austin more than a few months, but I would like to point out something nobody has mentioned: their cheese fries are AWESOME. I don't even really like cheese fries, but I will order them here and nowhere else.
The nearest thing to a proper British pub that I've been in since...a proper British pub.

Great beer - I recommend Fuller's ESB 

And fish and chips. And, bless 'em - they have Sarson's vinegar. Fish and chips ain't fish and chips without Sarsons...

Dammit! I'll have to give them another 5 stars. 

I mean, how perfect does perfect have to be?
Ignore whatever preconceptions you have about cuisine from the British Isles; none of them apply to SloCo Pasty Company.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and most importantly good food make this a nice lunch gem.  The food, though it may look insubstantial, is really quite satisfying, and the lunch special is a real deal.  The wait may get a little long if you are in a hurry, but it is well worth it.
Try the Oggy with red wine gravy and a cider if you get the chance.
I quite like this pub! One of the only places with Mill Street Organic beer on tap! Though it's around $21 for a pitcher (compared to $11 in Toronto) it's still a great beer. They have a great beer selection on tap. They have live music on the weekends and events, and deals all through out the week. I enjoy the battered mushrooms, they're my favourite menu item, here. They have your normal pub fare but also a nice dinner selection too. They have vegetarian options, they were also able to replace the chicken in the quisadilla with a good amount of veggies. Always fast service. I enjoy sitting at a bar, alone and having a nice read. I felt the bartender catered more to the men at the bar, and I got some looks from the waitress' and bartenders. Alas, that won't stop me from coming here. By far the best pub, and possibly only in the area!
Dark, with slightly dirty seat cushions this is about as close as you will get to a pub that looks like it came from England here in Austin. Wonderful selection of beers on tap, the bartenders are very nice and knowledgeable and will let you sample beers before you get them and recommend things you might like based on your taste in beers. Awesome fish and chips (even my SUPER picky friend that doesnt like fish likes their fish and chips!), the bangers and mash is pretty good too.

Outside seating is nice too, its one of those places in Austin you can strike up a convo with the people next to you and make some neat acquaintances. I highly recommend it.
Does what its suppose to. Friendly people(patrons and servers). Not cheap and not too expensive. Good beer selection.
This place is really hit or miss. Recently, it's been mostly a miss. If you go on a weekend night, the bar area is packed and tables are taken. This past time I went with my friends, the service was awful. We found a table and waited a good amount of time before getting our drinks at the bar. Thirty minutes passed when our server finally came over to the table. She was visibly annoyed that we didn't order with her. OK, I understand you don't get a tip if we order at the bar, but maybe try to come over sooner? Second, for the rest of the night, she was an awfully miserable person. One of my friends had just received his permanent residency so we wanted to celebrate big. We still had a fun night but no thanks to the English Cellar. Ok, the bartenders are normally fantastic and the beer list is extensive, I just think I've had too many bad service experiences to make it a worthwhile bar.
Hell Yes! Outstanding fish and chips! The music is too damn loud at times.... And I wish they had scotchy goodness.... But the beer selection is wonderful and the decor is great.
i used to live about 20 steps from the d&d so i used to be a regular ... but that was about 18 years ago. now that i'm showing my age, i'll reiterate that by adding my grown-up hesitancy to frequent the d&d now.

this place smells bad. like stinky, stale beer and unclean fabric ... gross oil fryers and wet bar towels.

we stopped in to have a pint after a gallery show across the street - so it was handy, available and easy. i knew the bartender, saw a mate i haven't seen in ages and settled in to enjoy my company.

we were asked to move tables as apparently the owner likes to sit where we were and 'he might be in shortly'.
didn't really appreciate that - we moved and no one showed up whilst we were there - the table remained vacant.

this place works in a pinch but isn't a go-to.
i do like that you can bring your dog and sit outside - the less one must inhale of this place, the best.
I must confess that my friends and I were here so often one summer that we ceased calling it the "English cellar" and just started calling it "going out." 

My friends and I are beer rats, and The English Cellar boasts a number of (bottled) craft beers, which is fun, but if you're looking for a vast draft selection, this ain't the place. They did have Old Speckled Hen on draft for a while (and still might) which impressed me. 

I wouldn't bother with the food unless it's one of their beer dinners (pairing beer with courses) because it appears that most of their menu originates as chain-restaurant quality frozen pub fare. 

For those of us that remember when it was the "liquid lounge" with plywood beer pong tables, the decor is definitely an upgrade. It does feel like an old-world European pub, and there are cozy booths in which to sit if you're lucky enough to nab one. 

Let me conclude by saying that I give this place four stars in the summer, but only three in the winter months. While it appears that they inspect IDs critically at the door, the abundance of (underaged) college kids is rather off-putting.
Pretty awesome food. The atmosphere is a peaceful place to talk and the food is solid. I will say though, do not get the Raspberry Brochette Burger unless you know you like it, it is very unique in flavor.
I make it a point to stop into the D and D whenever I'm in town for a visit, and I've often stopped in for lunch when driving through. Great beer selection, AND they serve a proper 20 oz. Imperial pint. I've had the fish and chips several times and find them excellent. Good burgers too. Love the dog friendly porch. When we drove up to Sherman for my daughter's graduation, we took our Golden. She loved the attention from the staff and the fries she mooched from our lunch.
A bunch of friends and I went here to celebrate my birthday, it was a 13 party table but we had called ahead in advance to let them know we were coming on a Saturday night, etc. First off - the beer menu is amazing... but right then and there we hit a problem, about 6 of the beers that people ordered were out of stock - total math was 6/9 different types of beer (not everyone was drinking) were apparently out of stock. I should also mention before my next critique that the place was remarkably dead for a Saturday night - it was my party of 13 and 2 other parties of 2 in the entirety of the pub. 

That being said, the service was remarkably terrible, the waitress didn't end up writing anything down and constantly kept forgetting both drinks and food. At one point after she brought out all the food she asked two of my friends if they'd like something, one of them pointed out that he'd in fact already ordered when everyone else did and was still waiting for his Shephard's pie - his girlfriend just didn't bother wondering if her mac and cheese would even be brought out... after 3 hours of us being there it was not - but at least they didn't try and bill us for it. Overall the wait-staff is absolutely terrible, I understand we were a large party but it was absolutely dead with 3 waitresses on only one helping us and if you're going to not write down orders then at least remember them - no one is going to judge you if you have to write something down to get it correctly (or at least I won't). For the level of business they seemed to be experiencing it would have been nice to not wait up to 30 minutes for the beer we ordered between trying to flag the waitress down from texting on her phone to waiting to hear that "sorry we're out of x".

I should also mention that this place is NOT cheap - at least on the menu there is a good beer selection (if they have it that is) but the prices are definitely geared towards brown/risd students and those who can afford the inflated east side residences. That being said I'd say you're better off exploring beer via beeradvocate.com and yankee spirit liquors in Attleboro, MA for a cheaper and more efficient experience.
This place was great. Loved their selection of beers. We chose this place as there were many of us celebrating the end of our masters program. We planned to sit outside, but the weather was uncooperative, so we opted for the basement, instead. We ordered several items from both the English Cellar and their sister restaurant upstairs. Everything was great. The decor is cute, but the music was a little loud, especially for happy hour. Our server was attentive and we had a great time. The only drawback was the bathroom was a bit dated and yucky. Thanks English Cellar!
suddenly craving for some fish and chips. Not far from UT. 
It wasn't bad but it was not the best experience. little too greasy, but well, it's pub. Didn't have high expectation either. good place to hang out. (they have root beer too).
Stopped in one night a few weeks back to eat and watch a ballgame (I happened to walk by and noticed they had a TV above the bar). 

I had the shepherd's pie pasty. It was great. I've always been a big fan of pub food like shepherd's pie and bangers & mash-this was a great twist on that. 

I'll definitely be back to try some other menu items. Staff was very nice too.
The English Cellar is one of those places that seems cooler than it actually is.  It has a good location (right off of Thayer) which is a short walking distance from my apartment.  It has a decent beer selection (boasting 200 plus beers, although only about 8-10 on draft).  On the other hand, on the weekend evenings, when all the college kids are out partying, it gets loud, boisterous (and not in the good way). I don't mind a place being loud because of people having a good time or if there is a good live band playing.  I do, however, mind when the management is playing crappy 90s rap music so loud you can't have a conversation with the person right next to you.  There was table service in the bar, but our waitress never came back after stating she would give us a few minutes to look over the beer menu.  The person busing our tables was rude in a non verbal way.  The beer is also pretty expensive, but I excpected that at an establishment aimed at wealthy college kids. I will probably be back because it is convenient and they are open until 2am, but it is definitely not the prime choice if you are looking for a real English pub or to have a conversation with friends.  If you are looking for a place to drink expensive beers and watch college kids get hammered, then you are in luck.  I am giving the Cellar three stars instead of two only because both times I have gone have been on weekend nights and I do believe I would have had a different experience on a quieter night.  They also get an extra star for a great beer selection and the fact that the manager is very friendly.
SloCo Pasty is in my opinion a great addition to scenic Downtown SLO. The Pasty menu includes any variations you or anyone in your group may have. Great for groups or a date. It's been my girlfriend's and my date spot for the past month. Great beers on tap and bottle, plus the crew is outstanding at their job. Well worth checking out!
Great old school pub.  Central, cool bartenders, no frills.  Just what you want.
They wait a month to charge the tip to my account. They finally admit the problem weeks later and say they just discovered it after I repeatedly told them. And then they start blaming computers and then say not to worry, the servers are still getting their tips...because the servers were my main concern...
Perfect relaxed spot for a late night drink and some good conversation. Great lunch specials too. Has an old pub feel... a bit of a dive.
Your typical austin bar, if there was one.  With quintessential Austin attributes like good beer, variety,  friendly people, and a nice atmosphere, its makes for good evening spot and an even better spontaneous anytime spot.
This pub is fantastic. It's extremely endearing if not a little dingy, but completely worth it. Tuesdays, pint night, be there.
I love Dog and Duck. It's conveniently only a few blocks away from my place, and they have plenty of parking if you're driving. Awesome beer selection and amazing food (I've confirmed with a Scottish friend that the fish n' chips are indeed delicious). My only complaints are the slightly moldy smell inside, uncomfortable seating outside (I wish they would just invest in a few sets of tables and chairs instead of a bunch of picnic benches, no one can stand sitting on them for long) and I wish they would make more suggestions with the beer as they may not realize most people aren't familiar with most of them. All in all it's a great neighborhood pub, but I would hang longer if there were more comfortable seating and I had more of an idea of what beers to try.
Oh wow---friends and I have been to this delightful tearoom in the past and recently went for another visit----sad sad sad---tea room is closed due to the poor economy--this just SUCKS!!
I'm a sucker for any bar that has its own parking lot in downtown Austin or the surrounding vicinity. Free reserved parking in these parts = straight money!

The Dog & Duck has a few other things going for it as well - it's the kind of pub that you can visit the evening of a UT football game and watch it if you want sans getting lost in a sea of orange (surprising, considering its West Campus location). And while it doesn't boast sleek, sexy sofas, vanity lighting or fancy trims, it does impart a genuinely comfortable feel. This is the kind of spot you bring an old friend - rather than being easily captivated by the prettiness of yet another gastropub, here you're on the hook to make your own fun. 

And fun you will have. Should you come alone (I have), there's always at least one empty seat at the bar and you will make friends with those making your drinks or the patrons next to you. If you come with a date (I've done this too), it's just dark enough to add mystery without detracting from the real interesting component of your evening here: your conversation. And should you arrive hungry, have no qualms  - you will be fed and be fed well. I've tried both the acclaimed fish and chips (indeed, they are brilliant) as well as the black and blue burger (very, very good). Even better? The fries. The fried-to-a-perfectly-golden-hue thick slabs of potatoes make even a typically indifferent French fry eater (me) wish there were more when the last one goes MIA. For these fries, I am a disciple!

If beer's your thing, you'll find mostly local brews on tap and a few Belgian (and Belgian-style) options live in bottles. They seem to run out of La Fin du Monde and Chimay on the regular but maybe that's just because I've become an (unapologetic) regular. Oops.

Perhaps the best part? Woof not - you don't have to leave Fido at home whilst playing patron at the Dog and Duck. Bring him if he's the type to get on well with other furry friends 'cause chances are, he will be in good company on the popular dog-friendly patio.
I have been coming here for years.  My mom and I love to come here for tea.  I always order the Victorian Cream Tea.  It's a little pricey at 21 or 22 dollars, but SO worth it.  The tea comes with a pot of tea (ample tea for the two of us), tea sandwiches (egg, tomato and cheese, and salmon), scones with devon cream, strawberry jam, and lemon curd, cheese and crackers, and a trifle.  I always get the sticky toffee pudding instead of the trifle.  It adds a couple of dollars to the overall price, but again, it's worth it.  I leave feeling full and comforted.

After we eat, we always do a little shopping in their attached market.  You can find all kinds of yummy Brisish goodies here, including everything that you just ate!  I usually leave with a package of scones, some cheese, and a candy bar or two. 

If you want an authentic experience (no silly hats and feather boas here!) go to the British Emporium.  Oh, and the people who work there are wonderful.  Everyone is so sweet!
Trivia!! Finally a great place for a Sunday night. Came here last night for some beers and trivia with some friends. I'v been going to upstairs restaurant (Coco Pazzo) since it has opened and always been a huge fan of this place. Had the Special Burger which they were calling "The GUBNA", Two 8oz Angus patties, blue cheese, caramelized onions add bacon, lettuce, tomato, this thing was to die for. Cooked perfect!! 

Every time I visit these place I have always left telling friends to check out one of the best restaurants in town to hang out and relax with great food. Oh yeah over 200 different types of beer!!  

Thanks so much guys, again great work
Sometimes the third year is the charm.

I have been driving past The Dog and Duck Pub for over three years now. When I went in with a companion last week, I wished I had stopped every time I drove by.

The food is awesome! I never knew a turkey sandwich could be as good as the turkey club deluxe that they offer. Now if you couple that with good drink prices and throw in a couple of your friends, you have the ingredients for a fun night.

Go check it out!
The fish & chips here are the best in town! The ratio of batter & fish is always perfect. The lunch special is a half order (2 pieces of fish & a bountiful of fries,) which is the right amount of fried food for a regular indulging day. However, whenever I feel I've been trying hard to stay good on my diet for long enough, I'll treat myself to a basket of their special onion rings. 

The onion rings here are battered like the fried fish. Thus, they are not crispy or crunchy like the normal onion rings you find elsewhere. They are fat, juicy, and comes in very generous portion. But for some unknown reasons, they don't start serving onion rings after lunch time (3pm).

The selection of beer on tap is always great. The waitstaff are knowledgeable and friendly. Outdoor seating on the patio is highly recommended for a sunny afternoon. The interior reminds me of the movie Shawn of the Dead, and it smells kind of damp. But I'm saying this endearingly since it matches perfectly with my mental image of a british bar.
I like a good pub, dive, irish place as much as the next person but I am consistently underwhelmed with dog and duck. 

I've done the St. Patty's thing there and of course, like every other place, wildlly expensive and crowded. I'll forgive them that because apparently its par for the course. And hell, the drunks in austin (myself included) eat it up.  That said, I've been to the pub three other times and its just so bare bones I'm not sure what makes it successful. Beer is cold, if limited. Food is decent, but not mind boggling. Prices are in between but with so much competition, how can you charge $2 more than the rest of the comp?  Lastly, inside was unbearably warm (apparently not a new complaint) and plaid material on the cushions scratchy and faintly damp, which is actually pretty gross.  

Good location, rest of it is mediocre. And with so many places to choose from in Austin, the only way I'm headed back is if there is some incredibly hot irishman who finds it fascinating. In which case, I will too.
Like to spend a quiet Sunday afternoon here, random mix of people, including some drunk :-) 60+ folks that seem to show up every time we are there.  The food is hit or miss, but they do seem to make an effort.  Order at the bar, and the are attentive in picking up when you are finished.
I like the fact that this place is dog friendly, real close to Clay Pit and Conscious Cravings, and is relatively tucked away from the busy weekend scene of many of the other somewhat downtown bars.  That being said, the food is extremely overpriced, the beer selection is mediocre and also overpriced, and the wait staff move at an extremely slow rate.  I'd probably go back but would not go out of my way to make myself a regular.
I love pubs so when I find a 'real' pub I am a happy camper! We visited on a Sunday night in February and the place was very quiet.

Fish and Chips are amazing!!! Beer menu was fantastic and decor was so authentic and cozy.

Service was fast and pleasant and we left very happy.
I love this place. The food is excellent. Huge beer selection. The staff is friendly. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.

Oh, did I mention that they have a mummy in the bar!?!

Highly recommended
Thayer Street is one of my go-to weekend locals, and one evening, by chance, I happened into the English Cellar Alehouse, which runs perpendicular to Thayer. English Ale Cellar presents a nice contrast to the Kartobar's, Paragon's, and other college haunts/guido spots that populate Thayer. 

Quality and unique brews, decent prices and my god...available seating! A good place to switch it up if you don't feel like being packed into a bar awkwardly standing next to that one sweaty guy with spiked hair and a button down who just won't stop trying to dance with each and every girl who walks past him...
One of the best dinners we've had in a long time. We're up in SLO often...used Yelp to find this new little gem. So glad we did!

I get why people say the slaw doesn't "match" the flavors in the pasties. It's got an Asian peanut tang on the initial bite.  I asked our server about it and asked why the slaw choice. She said they used to serve "mushy peas" (a traditional British favorite) but that people complained the food was too heavy. So they've used the side slaw as a sort of "palate cleanser" sotospeak. 

My tip to SLO Co Pasty: maybe still use the slaw but take the peanut flavor away?  How about a vinegar type of flavor?  Seems more appropriate.  

All in all, a FANTASTIC dinner. Loved the chicken-n-Brie pasty. Shepherd's Pie was a bit bland, just like its supposed to be, but then add the red wine reduction sauce and your taste buds will sing!! Had a cup of Sicilian veggie soup that hit the spot on a cold night. Nutty and Sweet salad (I think that was its name) was fresh and fantastic. 

Nice restaurant. Can't wait to go back!
Not a single hot girl to be found anywhere and some of the rudest bartenders around, but a terrific hole-in-the-wall style pub.

Highlights: $5 pitchers of Lone Star on Sundays, free WiFi, plenty of parking, and terrific, cozy booths and patios.

Play The Clash's "London Calling" on the jukebox.  The bartender loves that.
This place has a great selection of beers, but don't forget to eat. Vegetarians (and omnivores) will love the black bean burger. It is the best veggie burger I've ever had. It is hand-made with black beans, corn, and love. If you get the spicy version it comes loaded with a variety of peppers, some kind of magic mayo, arugula, tomatoes, and red onion, topped with melted gouda. The falafel gyro is different from any falafel you'll have anywhere else, and honestly it's big enough for two meals. Vegetarians will also appreciate the grilled cheese, because they don't limit you to the pathetic American cheese slice featured on most grilled cheese sandwiches, they start with sourdough bread and include a variety of delicious cheeses and offer the option to add tomatoes and basil, which goes really well with the tomato soup they sometimes have.
  This place is definitely a pub, but the food isn't just something to absorb the alcohol in your stomach. This is a great lunch or dinner option at any time. They also feature pinball, an awesome jukebox, televisions to watch games on, and three spacious patios. And the service is spectacular. Great people, great food, great fun.
The Dog & Duck is a very laid back place that is especially nice on days when you can sit outside with a large group. The food is decent but pricey. The staff is nice and friendly. It is pretty divey, as evidenced by its very small non-sparkling restroom. The interior is perpetually dim. Nice cavey, divey atmosphere. An okay place to watch sports. Good, if greasy, fish and chips. Enjoy live music during their St. Patrick's Day celebration.
I kind of miss the Liquid Lounge bar that used to be at this location (classic dumpy college bar) but I was happy to hear that a craft beer oriented bar had opened up in its place. First impression upon walking in was that they did a nice job renovating the place as a classy upscale English pub. A little too bright though. 

I didn't try any of the food so I can't comment on that aspect of this establishment. As for the beer, they have a huge and rather expensive bottle selection. The draft selection was too small for my liking and was made up of English beers and was a tad expensive, though beers like Old Speckled Hen are always pricey on tap. My friend that came with me, and doesn't drink alcohol, ordered a Diet Coke as usual, and we were pretty surprised that they charged $2.50 for it, which was almost half what my pricey English beer cost. 

To be honest, I am not a fan of paying high prices for bottles of beer I can get at a store down the street and the draft selection was only so-so. The Wickenden Pub has almost as many bottles and the same size draft selection (though no food) so this place is not unique in its beer selection. 

Rated purely on the beer, which is as big part of how they seem to be promoting themselves, this place has potential but I doubt it will become a beer destination. I will return to try the food though. The bar drink service was very good

3 stars might have been warranted but $2.50 for a diet coke? Whats up with that?
The euphemism "good enough for government work" comes to mind here.  This place is good enough to come back to but not one to come to on a consistent basis unless you're in to the beer menu (which is pretty decent).  Not the best beer menu in the city, but certainly respectable.  The food is so-so.
The Dog and Duck is conveniently nested between the action of downtown and the UT Campus, sitting on the edge of Judges Hill. It is one of those old houses I think tuned business. You walk across the massive outside porch into the building to find hardwood floors and forest green wood and brick walls with a light glow of lights as it would be in old England. 
The beer selection is perfect with the standard $5 a pint prices. What is most notable about the D&D is that it has a true fish and chips selection. The breaded strip is roughly a foot long, served on a bed of chips (fries) and they have malt vinegars available, because what would fish and chips be without malt vinegar?In fact it is NOT fish and chips without malt vinegar!
Now, I wish I could tell you what else is on this menu, but when I come here I play the "Good ole reliable David" card and always get the same food. Ales vary according to season and mood.
As a matter of fact as I sit here right now writing this review I am sitting at the D&D enjoying a relaxing evening of fish and chips and a 512 Pecan Porter. Come hit it up. It is a perfect location and a perfect pub for all your relaxation and socialization needs.
Best bartenders in town!!! super friendly and chatty.
easy parking, close to campus and downtown, open for lunch and all through the night. huge beer selection and great lunch menu. friend them on facebook to get a peek at the lunch special of the day- promise you will be making plans to go after you do! try the fish and chips with a guinness!! 

i find myself here for lunch and then 6 hours later wondering where the time went. just a great casual place to unwind and a central location for locals to meet. yippee!
Good place.
Came in for lunch, and two of us had the lunch special -- one with salad, another with soup.  
Both tasted awesome, big pasties with lots of tender, well-cooked meat (my biggest peeve in an eatery).  
Very clean, great service (nine table with one waitress -- but she was awesome!  No wait on drink refills and orders!)
Had enough space afterward to eat their dessert pasty, and did not feel heavy and sleepy when leaving, so good portion size (and I am not a small man). 
 Total lunch for two people, with drinks, dessert and generous tip, was under $25, well south of what I expected.  
Seems like a good business model with good, no-nonsense, yet interesting food.  
On my next trip to SLO, will stop by again!
If you love beer you will love this place!

I came here for my first bar stop in Providence after a recommendation and I was very pleased.
They have a huge selection of all different types of beer. It might be so big you will have a hard time deciding. Luckily me and my sister had a very attentive bartender that gave us recommendations upon hearing our preferences.
I had some seasonal beers and an old speckled hen. All very delicious and rich. My sister is more of an IPA fan and she had plenty to choose from. She must have had 3 different types she never even heard of and loved all of them. I liked this place for those reasons alone. Any place that serves a nondiscriminatory list of beers that is reasonably priced is fine by me!
Dark basement bar with tons of beers to choose from.  I tried a few I'd never heard of before and was pleasantly surprised!  This place has some character too - rounded red leather couch in back with a pool table.  Neat place to hang out!  Don't know about the food - just drank here.  But I give it a thumbs up!
Good outdoor and indoor areas with a good selection of drafts, the Dog & Duck is much like the Ginger Man with a smaller selection, older interior, and MOST IMPORTANTLY, it has parking. 

Want to enjoy the cool Irish Redness of a  Smithwick's with a buddy without paying a parking tax that then requires a half-mile trek to the pub?  The Dog & Duck has you covered.

The bar food is good but you pay a premium for what you get because it is bar food.  Not ridiculous but expect to pay around $10 for a burger, bangers & mash, or fish & chips.

Finally, the name and the menu imply an English pub and you get that in the important ways (selection, food available, and easy atmosphere) but is like every other Austin bar in other ways with forgettable music playing indoors, sports playing on unwatched tellies, and the eclectic, hipster decor.
Hilary, I agree with you 100%.....the only good thing about the Cellar is the extensive beer selection...but the food is Horrible.    We used to play trivia there often and many times, we would WIN, so we got gift certificates for our next visit....the one thing that I found partially edible was the Fish and Chips...otherwise anything else was just So Bad...I decided to stop going to trivia there since the prize was more of a punishment than a prize !!   LOL !!!
Great change of pace with homemade comfort food. Good selection of beers, and great ambience with friendly staff. Will definitely be back soon.
This bar get's it done.  You come to a place like Dog and Duck for good beer.  At Dog and Duck that is exactly what you get.  Offerings include several local breweries, all UK'ish stalwart brews, and they can even offer the elleged US beers that resemble cold piss. (You have to offer cold piss for all the folks still in training wheals.)

This is not the place for fish and chips however.  That doesn't keep it from having five stars because shockingly there is a small Greek village hidden in a locker in the kitchen cooking up Kick Ass Lamb Gyro's.  Having consumed gyro's all over the world I don't hand out stellar gyro reviews lightly.  

This place is fantastic.
The Dog & Duck is one of my favorite pubs in Austin. This place has been in it's spot at 17th and Guadalupe forever and I think is one of the few 'real' pubs in Austin (the only other one I can think of is the Gingerman). The indoors have a typical pub feel, a bit dark, lots of wood and everything looks a little bit 'weathered'. When it's warm you can sit outside on the patio which is very nice as well. The place may look a bit 'run down' to some but I think that is part of the appeal of this place. The people working the bar and the kitchen and the waitresses are very laid back and very friendly. I like their food, they have sandwiches and some English pub food items, I really like their bangers & mash and fish & chips.
Also, the Dog & Duck has a very good beer selection, including Chimay White, Live Oak, and other premium beers.
Parking is usually easy to find, they have a parking lot in front of the place and if that is full, you can usually park in some of the streets that surround it.
They have a great menu.  Friendly and helpful wait staff.  They have my vote for best burger in Austin.  Fries were so-so. and the beer was a tad warm.
Dirty dog water bowls, undrunk beers poured onto the dirt... What an atmosphere! 

Upon our arrival at the Dog and Duck, I first had to move the filthy dog water bowl from under my feet. I am okay with open, dog friendly cafes and pubs. Absolutely no problem. But can you not lay out bowls that look like they were fished from the bottom of the Trinity? They are dishwasher safe nowadays.

The beer selection is a fine one, and I have to give our waitress some credit for being attentive despite the fact that the place was packed. That's where this establishment gets one star for each. 

The food was clearly unpalatable. One of our guests ordered the Shepard's Pie, which was a soup bowl with chopped meat topped with potatoes. Nary a carrot lingered in this mess. Another friend's BLT was flavorless and limp. How can you mess up a BLT? Neither one finished his meal. 

Then there was the busser who thought it an efficient idea to take the half drunk pints of beer and pour their contents into the ground next to us. Efficient? Maybe. Health code violation? Probably. Just plain gross and lazy? Absolutely! (See the photo of our neighbor, the mud pit.) 

Then there was the check. It took three master's degrees to figure this bad boy out. The waitress's coding was so unclear that we were not sure what we were paying for how much things were. I guess we were expected to have memorized the menu and listing of prices. (See other photo.) 

So, fellow Austinites in search of your favorite fish and chips and pints of international beers, you can have it. I won't see you there.
One of my favorite places to hang out.  The food is solid (although priced maybe $1 or $2 more than it should be) and the there's a wide array of drinks to chose from.   The outdoor seating is quite nice and useful if some of your friends happen to smoke.
The English Cellar Alehouse is my favorite bar off of Thayer Street.  They have a large beer selection and a menu full English staples.  I've been there several times now, so I will give you a quick breakdown of each visit.  Every time I have been here, the service has been pleasant.

The first time I was there was for a weekday lunch.  I enjoyed steak on a stick as an appetizer, and mac and cheese for lunch.  The I really enjoyed the food, and I can't wait to try more of their offerings.

The second time I visited was for a birthday celebration.  It was a Sunday night, and they were offering live trivia. [They do this every Sunday night.]   The mood was upbeat, there was a small crowd, but nothing overbearing.  The trivia was very entertaining, and the drinks were great!

I stopped in last night, but, I was disappointed with the crowd.  There was no seating available, and the staff looked overwhelmed.  I didn't stay very long.  Still though, the English Cellar Alehouse is highly recommended.
Very laid back.  Very slow bartender/cashier when I came in about 6:30, but Woodchuck Amber on tap? I'm sold.

AND mini corndogs?  Hello, what else does a bar need?  Hmm, other than half-off entrees or appetizers (or whatever you'd classify mini corndogs under :D) and, say, happy hour specials just for me :) Yeah, that'd be nice.  But handsdown, these mini-corndogs are #2 on my list, *and* it's 2 blocks from where I work.  This could get dangerous.

Interior is exactly what I expect a pub to be: lots of wood, tables crammed together (but a good sized booth that could fit all 8 of us comfortably, surprise). I didn't make it out to the back patio, but very chill, nothing fancy in any way.
Lunch staff runs the place like a cafeteria. 10 person line waiting with 3 staff members all having a casual chat about their kids and crap.  Yea, we tipped crappy.  Disappointed, cause we do love this place.  Food was fine, beer selection is great, but if you want to see what state employee customer service feels like, this place is for you.  (note:  lots of state employees eat here)
We went around Thayer Street  looking for a bite (somewhere we haven't gone before was our hope) and almost decided on Paragon again until we saw English Alehouse sign. We were greeted quite nicely and given opportunity to view both the upstairs menu and downstairs pub menu. The receptionist was nice and friendly. So we walked into the pub following the receptionist and both of us could not believe the distasteful odor of septic backup. Seated near the rear of the pub, we could not enjoy the food as waves of pungent smells took over as customers walked by. Thank God we bought some incense just before our arrival... Here we sat waving the incense around to avoid the odor.

My partner ordered meatloaf which sounded good but was definitely not something we would suggest.... he never got his veggies either. I had the fish n chips which was okay... FYI tarter sauce very spicy for those of you who like tarter sauce but not hot. We didn't know till we tried it!

 Needless to say do not go if you aren't half in the bag and might not notice the aroma... Beer is probably good though!
This place was ok. We tried a few of the appetizers, which were good. I especially liked the Buffalo Blue Fries. 
But, I'm only give three stars for the drink service. We started out sitting outside in the front. Our service was great. We moved to the outdoor area in the back and the service was terrible. We could never get our waitress. It was a Friday night and by 7pm they ran out of one of the wines and two beers. How does that happen on a Friday night? It wasn't super crowded. At 9pm they would no longer take orders. You had to go inside to get a drink. What? What kind of crap is that? And, ok, I had given them three stars, but now that I'm typing it out, I'm taking a star away for lack of drinks and only one toilet.
I spent many Friday nights on the front and back patio picnic tables drinking Harp and hanging out with friends here during grad school.  On chilly evenings we'd head inside and play darts with some of the long-time locals. The englishman who used to drag me here was big on the bubble & squeak while I opted for the less mysterious fish & chips.  A great alternative to the Crown & Anchor.
Traditional pub fare was good and obviously, they offer numerous beer options, all of which were good. Staff was alright, if a little disinterested. However, overall, the experience and the camaraderie within the place won me over.
Reminded me of a few pubs I was in London. Good selection of beers and not terribly overpriced and just has a great vibe all around. I was with people who ordered burgers and while I didn't try it they said they were good and they looked good.
Peachy Keen
it's my neighborhood pub, so i can't knock it too hard, though my stomach tells me to steer clear after the bout of severe stomach pain and finding face-pubes in my fries, but my mouth keeps going back.  Why?  I really don't know.  I'm content simply marveling at the mystery.  

In my experience there aren't a ton of places in Austin that are dog friendly, but here your pupp will be greeted with a fresh bowl of water.

AND, finally, don't come looking for mixed drinks as beer galore is served here, along with some wine.  A great place for a chilled-out drink.
You can buy a shandy in a can here! It'll taste much better if you make it yourself, though, so maybe you should pass.

That said, British Emporium has lots of curiosities that you won't find elsewhere.
Checked out the place to have a proper english breakfast and was told that the tea room closed down due to the economy. *sadface*

The pleasant lady still keeps the shop open for all kinds of imported delights, but that's all. I picked up a box of PG-Tips on the way out.
Over the years I've been to the Dog & Duck more times than I can possibly count, and once upon a time I was there every Tuesday for pint night. Times change, and the Tuesday-night pint attendees started getting distracted by things like girlfriends and then kids, so I started going less often. I'm often there on St. Paddy's Day, which has grown over the years into a spectacle consuming the entire parking lot (but which remains, in my opinion, the best SPD party in town), but on a total whim yesterday following outpatient surgery, I decided I was in the mood for some fish & chips and a Chimay White.

I've been fortunate to have lived in London twice in my life for several-month intervals - a semester abroad in college, and four months there writing a travel guide - and the Dog & Duck is by far the most authentic British-style pub in Austin (indeed, a number of my former pint-night attendees were British ex-pats). The fish & chips, which I get 95% of the times I visit, remain unrivaled in Austin (though admittedly the fish makes the meal - the fries are somewhat generic). The beer selection is nowhere near as large as the likes of the Ginger Man, but it's nevertheless impressive and almost entirely devoid of mainstream crap with the curious exception of Miller Lite. All of Austin's local brews are represented, though regrettably they don't carry every variety of Live Oak and (512) like the GMan does (presumably owing to lack of space). Although I invariably get the fish & chips when eating here, I appreciate the level of variety on the food menu, as well as some surprisingly adventuresome (for a pub) daily specials (e.g. bacon-wrapped tilapia with mango sauce).

Minor demerits: the bathrooms are gross. The fish & chips aren't always perfect; in fact, the chips are more often than not limp, a sign they've been sitting out a while. The floor slopes, which is something you might not notice unless you've just had knee surgery, as I did yesterday. It's dark and it usually smells funny. And yet, the same could be said about nearly every authentic pub in Britain itself.
Perhaps the best Hamburger E V E R .
Staff is great and food is good and greasy bar fare!
Went tonight for St. Paddy's Bash. Was a great crowd...friendly, jovial in its sea of kelly green and many men in kilts...Adults of all ages, kids too were welcomed. Festive green and white striped tent with bands that played louder and louder as the night wore on.

I was thrilled to witness another Reivers reunion set...a most pleasant surprise. 

For the shamrock fest they had it to where you waited in line for drink tickets (minor hassle-luckily we knew people and cut in line at least 2x) and food tickets as well. 
The line for the draft Harp, Guinness and Smithwick was painless, and had many servings of top notch steamin' hot fish and chips with malt vinegar...missed the Sarson's as mentioned in a previous review.

It was a great time had by all and a great way to warm up the liver for SXSW week in A-Town. Thanks Bark and Quack!
British indeed.
This is a bar I want within walking distance of me. Always.

All the charm and comforts of a neighborhood bar: cozy, no hype or flash, pool table. Board games were a nice touch, too. Throw in the beer selection of a more upscale establishment, and I'm in heaven. I didn't get past the chips & salsa (very good!), but the rest menu seemed above average (although I can't testify to it's execution, only its intent).

I would be a regular if I lived in the area.

Similar to Crown & Anchor (at least in my affection), but perhaps a little quieter, a little better suited to conversation.
We were inspired to come try the meat pies after watching the travel channel and I'm very glad we did! We came on a Saturday with our toddler and sat on the outdoor patio which was perfect at Round 4:00am. It wasn't crowded at all only a few other diners.. Service was excellent! Our waitress was attentive and friendly. My wife ordered the Chicken & Brie pasty and I went with the Carne Asada. Both Pasty's were cooked perfectly and had amazing flavor would recommend both to anyone. The Brie pasty was creamy and rich w/ Rosemary accents, the Carne Asada was tender and slightly spicy w/ Guacamole on the side!

 We also tried the truffle butter Parmesan garlic fries, do not pass these up if you come to SloCo Pasty! They are absolutely mouth watering, they were a huge hit with our 16mo. toddler too! Yumm! I got a SnakeBite to drink ( 1/2 Guiness 1/2 Hard Cider ).

We'll definitely be coming back to try more of the pastys as well as the desert pasty's here! We are fans!
Good beer selection, but a little pricey.  Bar is often crowded.
As a Brit it is great to find a genuine Cornish Pastie! I do a two hour drive each way to load up with these amazing pies.
Great job you guys!
I'd rate it 3.5 stars. Irish pub type place with great tap selection,  but otherwise it's rather dirty like most pubs of this kind. Bleach odor, very dirty restrooms, and a dark musky interior.
The Dog and Duck Pub has been apart of the beer world in Austin for as long as I can remember.   

It is for locals and college kids venturing off of campus, but not too far.  

Don't eat the food, it's nothing special. But this place is.
The English Cellar : aka the old Liquid Lounge, in the heart of RISD/BROWN Thayer's east side.

I went to the English Cellar on a friday evening with my girl friend, before the bar rush. We both sat at the bar and ordered some appetizers. 

The decor and ambiance was nice with wood booths, tables, and exposed brick.They seemed to have a pretty extensive beer selection.

There were 2 bartenders on shift, and they seemed a little disorganized. Our girl promptly took our beer orders, but we had a little trouble getting her (or even the other guy's) attention to order food. 

Once we did, I ordered a clam chowder, and my friend ordered a salad. It was good, but nothing fantastical, and a little pricey for what I would imagine to be a "divey" establishment, considering the decor/ambiance. But again, this is in a prime college student area, so I can see why they might hike up their prices.

Overall, good. I'd go again, and recommend it to someone who wants an English Pub-esque feel place.
I've got major love for this joint. And there's no better time to write this than as I'm hungover from their always-awesome St. Patrick's Day celebration.

Endless Harp, Guinness, and Smithwicks flowing freely all day and night, with (mostly) great music, killer bangers and mash, and the always delightful Fish and Chips. I personally am not always the biggest fan of the islanders and what they spawn, but if there's anything they've gotten right, you'll find it in Dog and Duck. The waitstaff are always friendly, but not too friendly (for some reason I've developed a complex about over-zealous service industry employees). The line for tickets was painfully long, but the beer flowed seamlessly. I almost always have problems getting a guinness poured correctly anywhere else, but D&D has always been able to give me a solid pour, even if they're rushed.

If St. Paddy's was your first visit to the Dog, don't judge (even if you had a great time). Go back on an off night, and you'll get the same quality service and vibe. It's a place to meet and talk about life, books, politics, anything! Pick up a board game inside or throw some darts. The beer isn't the cheapest, but it's a great deal for what you get, as it makes up for markups in atmosphere, service, and just overall ambiance.

Someday I'll make it to the sister pub in London, some day.
We had been waiting for this place to open for a long time and finally got to try it out this past Saturday.  We loved it and will be going back for sure.  I had the Shepherd's PIe Pasty and it was excellent and the crust was very buttery and flakey.  It had a red wine sauce that was amazing.  My husband had the Chicken & Brie Pasty with a gorgonzola dipping sauce and he loved his as well.  Both came with a small side of broccoli slaw that was made with a sesame oil type dressing and was amazing.  Everything was well prepared and fresh.  We had dessert pasties, too.  They are very good and in a buttery crust but do not expect them to be sweet, they are not super sweetened so you can actually taste the filling rather than the sugar.

We were also very excited to have Magner's Irish Cider on tap, you can really it in16 or 20 oz sizes.  We are cider drinkers but did notice they had several Irish and English beers on tap.

We sat outside in the small patio area and it is great for people watching.  We felt that for the quality the price was right.  We will be back for sure.
I end up going to this place a lot because it is right down the street from my house.  I am a fan however my two complants are the consistent lack of service and the what ends up being an always pricey tab come the end of the night.
I went here for the first time recently to meet some friends for drinks. We kept ordering pitchers of beer and trying different things. Then when we got hungry, we ordered some HUGE stuffed potatoes. Overall, I really enjoyed this place - the decor, the outside picnic tables, the quick service, and the vibe.
when you type pub into wikipedia, dog and duck should come up.  It is the quintessential pub.  

Great beers on tap.  Decent staff, great patios/deck/beir garden(s).

I have been going to the Duck for about 10 years and even though the menu has slid in quality while prices have increased it is still one of my favorite places to hoist a pint hands down.
As a few other posters mentioned this place is a Jekyll & Hyde sort of bar. 

On a weeknight it's a place you can have a beer and catch up with friends and have a great night. I've enjoyed the food I've had there and found it to be just what the doctor ordered on a few occasions. We even had an office outing there that was a huge hit. 

On the weekends the scent of Fitch Fierce and desperation hangs thick in the air. Its mind numbingly loud and so crowded you're likely to spill a good amount of your high end craft beer. Now, that may be a plus for the younger set looking to get hammered and find that special someone to make a mistake with. Not my scene. 

The beer selection is awesome, no way around it. The prices for the beers are on par with other beers that serve rarer Belgian imports and craft beers, perhaps a tad on the high side. 

Bottom line, if you're going there for the beer go on a weeknight. If your going there for the Roofie Coolata and a rash of mysterious origins, you'll love Friday or Saturday night.
If you're looking for a low-key, no-fuss happy hour spot near downtown, the Dog & Duck is a great choice.  Quite a few beers on draft, including two hard ciders, which is always a plus in my book.  And their food is good, too, especially the Ploughman's Plate (Bubbles & Squeak, Bangers, and a couple of cheese wedges) and their extremely generous plate of nachos.  If you're feeling like a little artery-clogging goodness, their fish & chips is excellent, too.  

They have tons of comfortable outdoor seating so you can enjoy the beautiful Austin weather while you sip a cold one (and you can bring your dog, too).  It is one of the few places with plenty of tables that seat larger groups.  The inside is a bit dark, but sometimes, you just want that in a bar.  Plus, they have a pretty generous parking lot and there is usually a fair amount of street parking in the area, too (a rarity for downtown venues).  There are dartboards and one pool table available, as well as a few random board games on a shelf, for folks who need a little activity while they're downing their beer.  Definitely a good place to chill out with friends.
I went here Friday night around 9PM with a colleague and a new Yelp friend she had met.  My colleague brought her two small Schnauzers and we sat in the uncovered outside area.  The pups worked their "chick magnet" routine, but I remained invisible to all the young women who came over to pet them.  I wasn't impressed with the gravel surface and wobbly picnic bench, but it was a perfect place for us to sit with the pups so they didn't bother anyone else and get in the way.

The beer was good (I had a proper pint of Guinness, and I got my non-beer-drinking colleague a Pyramid Hefe, which she tolerated).  I ordered fish & chips, and my companions had a burger and falafel.   The food was above-average pub grub and the servings large.  

I went inside to order beers.  After waiting behind a young man who couldn't decide what beer to order, then didn't have enough money to pay for it and had to yell to a friend to loan him a few bucks,  the bartender and I shared an eye-rolling moment as he filled my order (I tipped him over 50% out of beer comradeship).  When the food was ready, they delivered it to our picnic table outside.

All-in-all it was a very pleasant experience (my companions helped on that front) and I feel bad that I hadn't stopped by here before since I drive past it many times a week.  The combination of good beer, good food, available (free) parking, and nice atmosphere may break my habit of picking up food to go on the way home when I don't feel like cooking and lead me to actually sit down, relax and eat there.
As pubs go, the atmosphere at the Dog & Duck is good, though it is a little dark in there.  It even "smells" like a British pub.  The beer selection is fine.  The service is generally good.  The pub grub, on the other hand, generally sucks.  I had the roast beef once.  The meat was like cardboard, the gravy was pure salt, as were the potatoes.  The Bubble & Squeak was not bad, and they serve you enough for two.  The fish and chips were kinda disgusting last time I had them.  Salty, Salty, Salty!  Finding authentic fish and chips (especially chips) is close to impossible anywhere in Austin...or probably the US.  You won't find them here either.  The "chips" are your generic, run of the mill, frozen fries out of a bag, (probably from Sysco).  Go to drink, not to eat.
They now have Chicken Curry Pasties. If you have an idea for a pasty, let them know.

Fantastic people. Brilliant in every way. I will drive 100 miles here every couple of weeks just to stock up in their deliciousness.
It's not fine dining or anything, but I give it 5 stars because you will get exactly what you wanted coming in here. If you think a chicken pot pie or a pot roast wrapped up in a pastry sounds good when you go in, no way you're getting disappointed. It is what it is and they've done it right.

Just me, but I like the pastys that come with the brown gravy best. The red wine reduction drippings is lighter and the cheese based is greasier.

Service is very friendly.

Check them out at farmers market. Portable smaller pastys at a smaller price.
SLO Pasty Co offers a nice change of pace for the downtown area: it's a clean, well managed restaurant; they offer a unique and nice selection of beers; and the patio catches the afternoon sun.  The pasty's? They taste wonderful! 

PROS: Service was prompt and friendly; restaurant was clean and well maintained; Smithwick's and Stella Artois (among others) on tap and they're fresh tasting. The pasty's? The dough was buttery and flaky--not greasy. The fillings? Our family have had several of their pasty's and they are all excellent: the Oggy was really good and reminded us of pasty's we've had in England: carrots, onion, potatoes and meat, all combined for wonderful flavors and a yummy aftertaste. Then they throw a curve ball and offer a tri-tip pasty which turns out to be a superb take on a Central Coast delicacy!! 

CONS: Flies. I know it's not SLO Pasty Cos fault that there are flies at the demarcation point between their patio and the indoor portion of the place, but they are there in numbers. My opinion? The bar next door has been a fly haven since the 90s--I don't know why, but I recall walking by that bar 15 yrs ago and saying to myself, "What's w/ the F-ing flies??" Otherwise, no complaints, and the flies left my beer and food well enough alone. 

I have been here twice and I like this place. Prices are reasonable, and the size of the pasty's is more than enough to satisfy a hearty appetite. That these folks have stood up a restaurant in this economy is a credit to the small business owner. Add to this the fact they make some damn good pasty's, and I hope they enjoy a successful gig for a long time to come. 

Cheers! 
RS
Never worry about running out of beer choices at this place. The atmosphere is unique, the food is alright, simple menu.
dog and duck is a proper english pub in every sense of the term. lots of english beers to choose from (and plenty of locals, too), classic pub fare, dark and divey inside and a great atmosphere from the myriad of regulars roaming the grounds!

nice wrap-around patio, average to above average service and great location! this is a busy happy-hour and "pregame" location and you'll probably run into someone you know there.

very laid-back - great place to grab a pint and a bite to eat.
Solid neighborhood pub, remarkable that it really isn't in much of a neighborhood by Guadalupe and 17th.

Have never seen a more diverse crowd in a more unsuspecting place: families, sorority chicks, folks obviously from the capitol, and me with a client, trying to close a deal so we can drink.

Staff couldn't be friendlier, but food could be a lot better. Perhaps after that second pint the flavor starts to come out....

Great day drinking with its outdoor picnic tables, or happy hour, given it's North Downtown location. Parking is not horrible until later in the night.
Being a local who doesn't own a car and lives within walking distance of downtown means you eat at A LOT of downtown joints. What I've noticed is that the turnaround in SLO is fast. It seems like unless you care to always eat at Firestone, Woodstocks, or McClintocks, you shouldn't fall completely in love with any one place because it might not be there tomorrow. Well, I've fallen in love with SloCo and I hope they never go away.
This is the place I take visitors before they leave town. It's my favorite place to go on a quiet Sunday afternoon.
The pasty selection is great, but I have to admit, I'm partial to the Irish stew. I end my weekends with a cup (and I'd have a glass of wine with it too, if I were a drinker.). and pick up a bowl to-go when I'm not feeling well or after a particularly stressful day of work.
I love that I can order from my phone here. Granted I'm not sure it actually adds anything other than a convenience factor. But it's cool anyway. 

Try the Scotch eggs - don't read the description, just try them. They're eggcellent.
So much about this Austin landmark has not changed over the years and that's just fine and dandy with me. Good pub grub and great beers never gets old!
I have been wanting to try this place for a while and have finally made it, but it wasn't what I had hoped for. I had the chicken curry pastry which was good. It wasn't bad, but it didn't blow my mind either. There just wasn't anything special about it. 

The service was mediocre at best. Maybe they were short staffed, I'm not sure, but it was slow service. We were also asked if we wanted specific things (a refill on soda and a copy of the receipt) and even though we replied yes we did not receive those things. In one ear and out the other. This is a pet peeve of mine. Considering how slow service was I didn't want to wait around for them when we didn't get them in the first place.

If I go back it will be because somebody else I am with is interested.
I went here with a group of 6 on a Monday night and the server was very friendly and helpful accommodating our group but to summarize quickly: I thought the beer was good but same as you get anywhere and the food was just OK, nothing to brag about.

I got a "Lager and Lime" drink with Blue Moon and thought it was tasty, but I'm not sure that's any reason to come here.

I ordered the Shepherd's Pie pasty and when the food came, the presentation was basic and unimpressive, just a not-so-big calzone-looking pie with a tiny shot glass size side of slaw-type salad that was very bland and needed more dressing (the pic I'm seeing on this page shows it with a large salad or soup bowl on the plate, but this is NOT included with a pasty). The pasty, while using fresh ingredients, seemed rather dough-heavy, like 50% pastry, which dulled the taste of the filling and made it very dry if you didn't pour the side of gravy all over it to moisten it. We all agreed it was a bit bland and needed salt. I was not still hungry after but this was mostly just because of the breadiness of the food. I was not very satisfied either after what I thought would be good stick-to-the-ribs comfort food. Maybe better for lunch. I make a better Shepherd's Pie at home :)

I'm not sure if my friend just ordered the "Oggy" not realizing there are 2 versions (there is a regular "Oggy" with meat and then a "Shroom Oggy" that is supposed to be meatless with portabellas), but she wanted the mushroom version and got the meat version. I didn't hear her order so not sure where the misunderstanding came in. Another friend ordered a full salad (they have half-sizes available) and the full came in just a regular-sized soup bowl and seemed really minimal for $7.50. She was  still hungry after dinner.

Also, someone asked about Happy Hour drinks when we arrived and the server said it ended at 6pm and we arrived just a few minutes after, which was fine, but then toward the end of dinner this friend noticed on the table topper that Monday night is all-night Happy Hour, so $1 off drinks all night. We had to point this out to our server to get the right price. Then when the bill came, their iPad program (which you can view right on the iPad they carry to the tables for ordering and billing) weirdly enough doesn't show the discount on the printed bill, so we had to ask again if we got the drink discount after the bill came. The server explained how the discount shows on the screen but not on the printed bill, which oddly shows the full drink price with "Happy Hour Discount" itemized under it but with no discount showing anywhere. Apparently only the total reflects the discount. It was all rather confusing and makes everyone feel uncomfortable to have to ask twice for the right price. This was just a weirdness of the technology and not the servers fault, but it added to the less-than-impressed feeling overall walking out the door.

In summary, I doubt I'll be back.
I am very picky when it comes to food mixed together, I met some friends at this place on a Friday evening and I must say I s very surprised by the taste...it was delicious! The service is great, they had a nice big table for us without a problem, the beer is good, the appetizers were yummy and the pasties we awesome, I had the chicken and brie and will go back for more, my husband had the carne asada and really liked it. I also love that you can have dogs on the patio, my next meal there will be with my pups. The waiter was very nice, cute and able to handle a big party with no problems.
Nice little pub that offers a lot to drink and eat. I was not impressed with the sandwich I got unfortunately. I guess it could have just been my personal taste, but I just didn't like the flavor combination. Other than that, it would be a good place to sit back and enjoy a drink. They allow dogs on their patio too. :)
I do not quite know what to make of this place.  They get huge points for the extensive beer list and for having Young's Double Chocolate Stout on tap, but service is weird, the decor is a bit over the top and it gets crazy loud in there.

I had friends visiting from out of town recently, and we just wanted to sit outside and drink a beer.  English Cellar was perfect for that.  They have beer and tables outside, which is all we wanted.  

Here's what I don't get though:  I've been here other times, sat outside, and been served outside.  This time around, and we were there Friday and Saturday night, we sat outside, but had to go get our own drinks.  There was a server for outside, but she never once came up to our table to ask if we wanted anything, even though she waited on people sitting next to us.  What does a person have to do to get table service outside?  It wasn't a huge inconvenience to go get rounds, but I would have happily tipped well to have someone do that for me so I could have uninterrupted time with my friends.

Also, there are a ton of staff waiting outside to card you.  Maybe it gets a bit brawly in there later at night, but when we showed up at around 9pm on a Friday, there were four guys hanging out outside, blocking the steps, and I wasn't 100% sure that they all worked there.  It was a bit off-putting, but not as off-putting as the fact that all of the employees who smoked would flick their cigarette butts out into the street.  There was no ashtray anywhere, and bar patrons did the same thing.  

NO!  You do not do that!  Littering is so 1985--what the hell?  We sat there for three hours and just watched cigarette butt after cigarette butt get flicked out onto Angell Street.  That make me kind of never want to go there again.

English Cellar Alehouse, get one of those cigarette chimney things, littering is not ok!
This place is one of the first Pub's I hit when I moved to Austin and used to have some friends that lived a block away (which was great and made for a short stumble home after a great evening of drinking) and I must say that one of the things I really like about this place is its location and atmosphere. It also has friendly employees, good prices, great food and an mp3 playlist that is sure to tickle everyone's fancy at some point during your visit to the pub. In my opinion this is one of the many hidden treasures of Austin and I highly recommend that everyone go and check it out!
I went in for beers and grabbed some fries while I was there. They have a very extensive beer list, 3 or 4 pages. So they have a lot to choose from.
It gets the 5 stars due to the beer list. A few other bars have pretty good beer list in the area, but overall craft and foreign brews dominate the alehouse list.

The fries were good, with a good amount of sea salt on them to give them a bite in the flavor.
I love the food. I love the beer selection. I love the staff. The jukebox is a mixed bag. It has a pool table, a beer garden, and a huge deck. I like to go here on slow Sundays so that I can slowly get drunk with friends and joke with the staff. At some point I usually get hungry, but Taco Cabana is close enough that by the time I get back with a container of Super Tex Mex Dinner my beer is still cold. Of course, I only get TC if the D&D kitchen is closed. If you want good food from ye olde world, the Dog and Duck is a great place to go.
You know how sometimes you just walk into the right place at the right time?

I was wandering around on a rainy Sunday afternoon not sure where to go - the idea was to find a place I'd never been to. As I walked down Thayer St. and glanced around corners, I saw that this old basement bar was not what it used to be. Dark, low ceilings, fireplace, and over 200 beers. It had a mood I hadn't felt in Providence in quite a while.

First great beer: Out of the measly 8 caskets of Lagunitas that came into RI, this place got two of them.  It reminds me of delirium, which I love. To make it even better it only cost $6.

The bartender wanted to know why I didn't want mussels, so I told him my fish story, to which he replied, "I've heard that story before, was it "Of Mice and Men?" Holy Moly, my squishing of the fish was just compared to Lenny's squishing of the mouse. 

So not only did I find good atmosphere and good beer, I also found a bartender making literary jokes? Hum, I think I like it here...

I was hungry and stock gangster talk kept going through my head, although Clint E. beats any of them. I imagine Clint's squinting eye and I digress... The bartender says: "we've got this scotch egg you should try.  It's a soft-boiled egg wrapped in sausage and deep fried in breadcrumbs.  The house's own creation." Just what I needed, a strange concoction to keep the enterprise afloat.

I forgot to mention that they not only had soccer playing on the background TVs, they had local Brazilian teams playing: Vasco Vs. Palmeiras. It was Father's Day in Brazil on that day (different date than here), and I could imagine my own father drinking a beer and watching the game, much as I was doing a continent away, there with my Lagunita and scotch-boiled egg.

I met an old French man who wrote books, and an eager Dutch still pimply-faced doctoral student. The bartender offered to make a pub trivia team and play with us, but the conversation was too engaging to pay attention to any other game.
I like Dog&Duck because one of my favorite people has his annual birthday thing here, and it's just like him- laid-back, casual, and down with outdoor seating.  Also, I heart cider on draft, and Dog&Duck has it: Wood Chuck Pear and Granny Smith.  It's got ample parking, lots of indoor and outdoor seating, and it's never been too crowded for me to walk around.

Update: I ate dinner there for the first time yesterday.  The veggie burger was delicious, with American cheese and a wheat bun, and came with fries.  The fries are the fish-and-chips kind of fries, and were seriously delicious.  My mama would refer to them as "jam-up" fries, in fact.
This is ye classique Olde Englishe Pube downtown, across from the Clay Pit.  They offer crowds on fridays and Sundays when beer is cheap and a nice escape from the crowd on Saturday night, when the beer isn't so cheap.  Their selection of Beers is among the finest both local and of British style, including two ciders on draft.  I of course am pleased to add them to my list of establishments serving Real Ale Full Moon Pale Rye.
The food is also of classique Pub flaire.  I especially like their Ploughmans plate which give you a little of everything for about 5 Pounds.  Now whenever I hear that line from 'All Along the Watchtower' about how "buisness men they drink my wine ploughman steal my herb", I will at least know what they eat when they get the munchies afterward.
Unfortunately the last ploghman to eat here must have had a bad reaction, because I noticed as I was leaving that the cushy boothe in which I was seated had an unmistakeable Vomit stain.
Oh yeah if you're a buisness man, they also have some wine.
I very much like this place.  I haven't tried their food yet, so I am writing my review purely based on atmosphere, service, and drinks.  Firstly, it's a great location... close to campus, and easy to get to, and free private lot parking.  Second, service: the bartenders are always super cool.  Whoever the dude with lots of tattoos is, he could be my best friend.  Really makes you feel welcome.  Third, drinks: they have woodchuck cider on draft, thank GOD.  Also have a wide variety of beers for you beer folk.  Reasonable prices.  Fourth, atmosphere: I always sit outside.  If there are a lot of smokers, maybe not such a great idea, but I have never felt uncomfortable.  As a non-native Austinite, I love the whole 'lets sit outside and drink beer' environment.  But the people who were inside seemed to be rather *happy* as well.  

Down side: Bathroom situation.  I wish this place had multiple stalls, especially for us ladies who take a long time in there.  I do not like waiting for a bathroom.  But I have yet to see a line in this pub.

Still, totally love this place and will be back many times in the future!
One of the best comfort food experiences I have had to date.  SloCo Pasty has created a hearty, savory meal that satisfies the comfort food craving without leaving you feeling as if your arteries have clogged by half-way through your meal.  My husband and I visited this new SLO town restaurant for the first time and enjoyed very friendly service while dining at the bar, great beer cocktails, and fantastic food.  By the time we left we had ordered dessert (simply because it looked too good to turn down - and for only $4!), but took it to go because we were so stuffed.  The portions are large for the price.  It was a great meal without putting a dent in our pocket book.  We both highly recommend it!
Cute little British import shop.  I think they serve tea or lunch here too?  I only travel here if I need a Smartie fix (although in recent years I've noticed the quality of smarties has changed and they just aren't as good as they used to be) or a Lion bar.  I subtracted 1 star for the high prices, but I mean that's what they gotta charge for all the imports.  If you need a British product, this is the place to go.
I love beer so I was really excited to try this place, but I was terribly dissappointed.  Prices are above average, draft selection is pitiful,  and the decor is trite and seems like it's a set from a school play. Can't vouch for the food, but since half of the reviews on this page appear to be fake, I'm assuming the management isn't very confident in it. If you're looking for an east side pub, try doherty's in pawtucket or the wild colonial.
What can be said about a place that has a frothy selection of ales, stouts, and some beers.....  I will literally stab some one in the face if they touch my fish and chips..... the fish and chips is amazing and wih he added glee of thier tarter sauce its god damn good.... and washing it all down with guiness is. Aces..
I'm a big fan of English pubs.  They always seem, for lack of a better phrase, lived in. It's like having drinks at someone's house who charges you for their booze.

The D and D has three great things going for it: 1.) They have my favorite TX beer on tap - 512 IPA.  2.) Like so many places in Austin, they have a great jukebox.  And not one of those bullshit internet ones that have taken over my home state of Michigan.  I'm talking a few carefully chosen discs that enhance and define what the place is. And 3.) The bar is Dom DeLuise friendly.  Just trust me.

So while even though my BDGF beat me at darts for the first time ever here*, I still can't wait to come back to the D and D.

*With two awful mismatched house darts that we shared.  The ruling on whether or not this was an according to Hoyle victory is still in committee.
I LOVE this place!  LOVE LOVE LOVE.  Their jukebox is filled with power pop and some glam rock and it's beer/wine only with a great tap selection.  Tons of patio space and the indoor area is just so quaint and homey.  I've never had the food with the exception of their chips and queso.  Nice stuff.
The Dog and Duck ties for best Fish and Chips in Austin because of  portion.  The batter is nice and the fries are genaric.  I'm a big guy and I had to ask for a togo box.  Not to mention that the tarter sauce is probably the most amazing tarter I've ever had.  I like alot of dill and the sauce hits harder than Tyson.  The prices are decent and the menu is extensive.  They have a happy hour but the specials change each day of the week.  

There is a nice large outside area with a section for people with dogs.  Which is why this establishment gets 4 stars.
Walking into this place is like walking into another world, and that's not just because everything's imported. It's serene. Unlike most restaurants I feel like I can take my time here. If I order one pot of tea and stay for an hour at a cozy table with a book it's cool. 

I always make use of the tea room (which has the best tea ever)--and take home lots of beef pasties and salad cream to tide me over till my next visit. The Ploughman's Lunch is deeeelicious, a pretty typcial salad with lots of small bits of cheese, pickled toppings, and some really earthy bread. I've also never been disappointed in their meat pies (all of which they sell in the store) or their slightly minty peas.

If you're in the mood for some British food definitely check this place out. And don't be afraid of the blood sausage in the English breakfast--it's definitely tasty.
Great beer selection on tap and the best fish and chips in town. I love the fact that as the name implies, this really is a dog friendly establishment. We're always looking for places that welcome our four legged friends. We love bringing our border collie/lab mix and hanging out on the front porch. The back porch is nice too, but watch out for mosquitoes! The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff is efficient, always on top of things. This is one of our favorite places.
Dog and Duck has that comforting smell of nasty old bar when you walk in and it's still daylight out.  I'm sure the dark wood hides years of debauchery, but I had a great time here sampling their beers on tap, and catching up with friends.  I liked seeing all the British paraphernalia, reminded me of some good times last decade. There's wifi, and food, if you need either of those.  There was also an outdoor patio that I gladly would have sat upon had it not been 40 degrees all weekend in Austin.  Stupid Texas.
I'd read that The Dog and Duck Pub had really good fish & chips according to you Yelpers. I've been searching for some amazing hand cut chips since arriving back in June, to no avail. 

I don't know where you all have had fish & chips before - but my experience was the opposite of amazing or even good. My first clue should have been the menu calling the chips "fries". 

They taste like your standard frozen fries, and the seasoned salt was completely unnecessary and threw the taste off even more. The fish came out greasy and the batter not cooked & crispy. I feel like the whole meal was made out of frozen foods & the beer batter was pre-made - they only had to add the beer.

The service was friendly & the food did come out fast. I The prices are a little high, but manageable. I really enjoy pubs that keep it dark right down to the floors & seating. All in all, The Dog & Duck seems like a swell place to share beers with friends, but not yummy English pub food.
For a bar with so many beers i was a bit disapointed that they only had a few on tap.  

There is a lot of choice bit, for me, it lacked a bit of soul.

Also if you are going to call yourself an English bar you need to know what the difference is between English vs Brittish vs Irish.... just saying!
+5 lots of yummy beers.
-3 no whiskey.
+2 friendly and helpful bartenders.
-3 mosquitos and fleas.
+2 for lots of outdoor seating.
-1 for grody bathrooms.
+1 pinball and pool.

Math!!!
I have to say, not the greatest.  I had been to Dog and Duck several years ago and remembered not being that fond of it.  Strike one: no table service, you have to wait in a long line at the bar.  Strike two: Nothing to drink but beer and wine, I'm more of a liquor kinda guy.  Strike three: the prices are on the high side.  We went tonight for a friend's birthday who wanted to go there.  After all the rave reviews, I decided to try the fish and chips.  Seafood is always pricey so  I didn't think $10 for a large order was all that bad.  The fish tasted good but the batter was terrible, it was sort of gummy and chewy.  The fries/chips were very average, like Ore Ida fries you'd buy in the frozen section at HEB.  The ale was, well, ale.  Overall, not worth $15 and tip.  We all started realizing we were getting sleepy from the beer and the party sort of fizzled.  They could definitely improve this place by adding table service, whiskey and better quality food.
My local.  Love it.

I lived in England for four years, and while all of their food is not wholly authentic, the nachos and queso certainly are!  Anyone who has been to a "Tex-Mex" restaurant in the UK knows what I mean; the nachos are a pile of tasteless slop and the powdery, gloopy queso gave me a stomach ache on both occasions that I ate it.

HOWEVER, the rest of their menu is great, the beer selection is great, the staff is mostly excellent at the atmosphere is irreplaceable.

I liked their burgers when I was an omnivore, and their bangers and mash will do, although they probably wouldn't cut it in a real English pub.  The fish and chips were pretty darn good, though.  For vegetarians, I heartily recommend the veggie burger and the new falafel wrap!  Tasty!

I wish they'd bring back the beer battered, fries, though...
My son and I were touring Brown and RISD and dropped in here as my random choice. It had the look of places I've liked in the past so we took a chance and went for it for lunch. I have to say, it was beyond my expectations! 

I had a bowl of local clam chowder and a glass of ale on tap. Yes! Just great, with lots of good sized clam chunks, buttery taste and all. My son had the fish and chips made from Atlantic cod. The fish and the chips were superb! Whoever they have in the kitchen knows how to do this! The fish batter was light, thin and crispy - almost a bit like Japanese tempura, but with the slightly heavier English spin on it. The fries were great  and the table had the appropriate vinegar to go with it. In all, delicious!

The staff was just great from reception to meal service. Some of the reviewers took exception to the attentiveness, but I thought it was about right and that I enjoyed the sincere interest they seemed to take in our college search tour. Since they are from the area, they had intelligent comments on activities in the area and such. This is not as common as one might hope in a lot of restaurants nowadays.

To cap it off, we went to have a "father-son pool game" moment in the back room. The table is in good shape and just costs a dollar a game. The cues and equipment are all maintained, too. Nice. As we played, we met Bert, the owner, and had a chance to chat with him. Apparently, the restaurant has just recently been changed from the "Liquid Lounge Sports Grill" to the Alehouse. It didn't originally have a full meal menu and it was pretty much a standard sports bar. The redecoration, giant beer selection and food are all new. I think they've done a great job for the amount of time the place has been around and told this to Bert. 

Come here, you won't regret it!
I love a good pub! From the dark and mysterious atmosphere, to the pretty damn amazing hard cider, I really enjoyed my experience here. This was our first stop on our pub crawl, and I'm glad we began here. Groups of tired looking students with tons of half full glasses sat in packs talking animatedly. It was a Tuesday night and pretty dang packed to the gills. Seemed like the kind of bar where people would know your name after a while. Far from the craziness of 6th street, this would be a good place to unwind after a hard day, or a pre drink before hitting the clubs. And the food smelled delicious.
I still dream about the bangers & mash I had here. I think British food gets a pretty unfair rap. Yeah it's nothing fancy and I'm sure a person would get sick (literally) eating this stuff every day, but you can't deny that a heaping plate of sausage, grilled onions, baked beans, and mashed potatoes is mighty tasty and fulfilling. Also, the mash was AMAZING - probably some of the best I've ever had. Thick, yet moist, and extremely flavorful. The beer selection is pretty good though, as other have pointed out, a bit pricey. Still, the food was a nice surprise.
My favorite restaurant in SLO! Great food and I love the live music Tuesday and Wednesday nights. The $3 Happy Hour 4-6pm is nice too. Go SloCo!!
I love me some d&d. I head over here when I'm in the mood to just relax and have a beer (as I'm more of a liquor drinker). It's a really great spot to sit and talk with friends after work, the food is good and the portions are huge, the drinks are tasty (and cheap on pint night), the bathrooms are clean and decorated with graffiti, the patios are awesome, and the jukebox is sweet. The board games and pool tables are cool too, though I've never gotten to them, because I'm usually too immersed in conversation. 

The waitstaff is pretty conversational and helpful as well. They also have Woodchuck, which is what I like to start out with. They also allow people under 21, if you have one in your group.
I met a friend downtown for lunch about a week ago. I was excited to try this place. So excited that I posted "who wants to go to the pasty place with me for lunch???" on Facebook.

Upon arrival, there was maybe a handful of other people in the restaurant. The server came and asked me what I wanted to drink. I ordered a black tea. About twenty minutes went by and I never saw the server, nor my black tea.

When the server did reappear, he went to the tables of other patrons instead of ours - despite the fact I'd been sitting there ten minutes longer than the other guests. When I finally was able to order, I opted for the chicken and brie lunch special. The pasty dough was delicious - the filling? Eh. It wasn't bad, but just incredibly bland.

I ended up leaving pretty disappointed. And, I never got that black tea. :(
POOR QUALITY even for a DIVE. My fam's from West Ham and we went into D&D on Easter Sunday. Not only did the place need a good wash, but the barmaid didn't even do a proper pour of the Guinness' To top it off, the creepy manager in the corner took the piss out of us because we went to church on Easter Sunday and we were still in our snazzy Church clothes. Sorry mate, we're not all Mr. Crowley fans if you know what I mean. I can't wait for a great English pub to pop up in Austin, but at this rate-I wouldn't bet on it.
"Get your own water"

Food: low grade dog food
Service:  lots of attitude and poor performance, the tattoo bartender is especially a jerk
Cleanliness:  should probably be shut down by health department 
Location: All it has going for it besides its name
This place was great for a low key lunch with friends. It's old, smells of stale beer and fried goods when you walk in and that's what makes it cool. The patio is large, dog friendly and covered. 

The food was good, came out quickly and was as ordered. I had the chicken gyro with fries and chips and queso. All in all it was a good expierence and I'd go back in a minute. They had a lot of beers on draft so this place would make the happy hour list of places for sure.
I absolutely love the down home feel of this place. The beer selection is awesome, so I always try something new.  It's nice to sit inside in a cool bar in this murderously hot summer.  I haven't tried their food yet, but, that is next on my to-do list. This is an Austin landmark and I hope it stays forever.  I would love to visit my future children and bring them out to drink with me at the Dog and Duck.
Let's get one thing straight off the bat. This is not the place to bring a first date or propose to your girlfriend. With that said, this place IS a place to chat with your buddies, hang out with a girl after you've gotten past the first date, celebrate, or just generally have a good time.
The beer is great and is in my top 5 for places to grab drinks in Austin, TX. I thoroughly enjoyed the food there. Don't come here if you love animals more than your appetite or are watching your calories. It is good, English style pub food with some standard american stuff like Chips and queso. Fish and chips and Bangers n' Mash are my recommendations. In regards to beer, really you should try something new. I'm certain you'll likely find something you've yet to try there.
The atmosphere is what most English style pubs go for. Dark, moody, and a bit intimate. I experienced mostly quiet conversation here only to be broken by the occasional laugh across the room as someone told a good one to their buddy. I can't wait for the weather to be nicer since they have a good porch area that's dog friendly.

Overall, if your looking for a good place to hang out with your friends and not be bothered by loud music and a distracting atmosphere, then get over here.
Came here for a quick business lunch and was very pleased.  I had the "Oggy" lunch special with a side salad and it was super delicious.  The service was very friendly and fast, and the fancy iPad point of sale system made splitting the check very easy.  

I'll be coming again for a convenient, tasty, quick lunch while downtown!
"Go to Dog and Duck/Go to Dog and Duck/Go to Dog and Duck/Pub..."

More than just your standard college pub.

First of all-the beer is cold.  This is not only important, but a big MUST have.  Trust me when I say warm beer is not a cool trend to be starting in Austin (ahem...not naming names here). 

Second of all-the location is prime.  Far enough away from BOTH downtown and UT to get an eclectic mix of students, old frat dudes, professors and car club members.  Dog and Duck also has a fun and free Sunday evening Trivia contest with $6 pitchers of Lone Star.

Thirdly-the food is pretty decent.  I can't say they have the best fish and chips EVER.  It's tasty and fresh, but hit or miss in terms of being amazing or just 'good.'  

Overall, this is a pub that I frequent once or so a week.  The low key vibe coupled with a full food menu and a nice staff and inviting seating areas make the Dog and Duck pretty alright with me.
Great Ruben and burger - pool table was old but level and fun - lots of draft beer - no full bar - people were friendly and offered great service - the juke box has an  oldie but goodie list
Well the space is nice, but that's not really what I go to a restaurant for. The food is mediocre at best. I was expecting to be full after spending $10 for lunch, but I was really hungry.I've had pasty's elsewhere and was definitely full afterward. Also, not to be picky, but you can't change out any of the ingredients (I have food allergies). The younger staff seemed nice, but there was an older lady there....not so nice. I guess I was expecting more.
It sucks that I'm about to move away from Austin and I just discovered this place. 
I heard great things from people and just never got to it. If I had gone sooner this would have been a regular haven for my friends and I. 

From the chill atmosphere and friendly service. They have all the sporting events and a lovely patio. Great specials and beers.

 I've tried most of the stuff on their menu and it's all delicious. Fish 'n chips, Gyros, Any sandwich. It's all great. Six dollar pitcher Sundays for a nice chill evening with the friends before I move.
Little hidden Gem. EXTENSIVE beer list, mostly bottles. Our server was very knowledgeable, present the correct amount of time and let us know which drafts they were out of at the moment. Even had a suggestion when I was stumped on what to get next. 
Had a burger that was very good. Nice handmade pattie, cooked to order and served on a traditional English Muffin. The side of fries were straight from the fryer and had just the right amount of seasoning. Prices were very good and reasonable. They are in the midst of renovations; but this is worthy of a return trip.
Oh Dog and Duck... when we last dated I just loved you so much. It was those years from 2000-2004, remember? We shared so many beers, had some great laughs - I even had my going-away party with you. You were a little mad at me for having so many people there without telling you, but you forgave me. It's so cute when you get mad. You had the best fish and chips, such a lovely patio, and such a hip and dumpy vibe all at the same time. The things that just made me love you like I've never loved another.

But the second time is never the same. Whatever happened to your fish and chips? They used to be the best around! Now there is so much breading on there, and they got soggy so fast. Then I wanted to watch some football the other night, but the TV had a big black line though it - which made the game very difficult to follow. And it's just too cold outside for me right now (where there's a much better TV). Plus, there is table service? When did that happen? While I do actually like it, there is just something so odd about it. Like having a goatee... it's kinda nice to feel that tickle on your neck - but you kinda look like a douche. And the service isn't really all that good... so if you just kept it like it was where I had to go get my own, there wouldn't be anyone to get mad at for the crappy service.

I still love you... there is no way that that love is not there to stay. But I'd really like it if you could improve the TV inside, fix those fish and chips, and perhaps improve the service if you're so intent on having it. You don't have to change anything else... but for the love to return to full capacity, I need you to compromise.
Great hidden-away little place on Central, and one of the few places to have a quieter cup of tea.  Like the other reviewers said, this place is chock full of english-goodliness.  

One side is a mini-british quick-e-mart with all sorts of cookies, tarts, candy, and beverages that are distinctly British.  If you're a strange fan of ginger ale, you'll find Cock and Bull sold here in a four-pack and individually; difficult to find elsewhere.  Prices here are about $1-2 more than their US bretheren in the local supermarket, but these are all unique imported products.  You can buy something and then take it into the tea room if you'd like.

The other side is a throwback to classic english tea rooms, complete with living room decor, soft lighting, and light music.  Walk in and wait in the front so the hostess sees you, as sometimes if you just sit down they'll never notice.  As you are seated, they'll ask if you wish for a pot of tea (which was similar to english breakfast or equivalent); this is $1.99 per person.  My friend and I were able to pour approximately 10-12 cups each from a single pot, which is not a bad way to spend an hour or two.  Also available is a short menu of sandwiches, crackers, and desserts ($4-6); but you can ask for 'just tea' if you'd like.  The room has about seven tables seating 2-6 people.  

Can be found diagonally across the market from 'the Bra Lady', entrance is on the right side; left side is locked.  A surprising find in the middle of grungy Upland and definitely worth dropping in.  Only downer is that it's slightly pricey as others have noted.
On my day trip to Austin, my local friend took me out for a beer at the Dog and Duck Pub. He has mentioned how the original was in England, and that this was one of the best bars in Austin.

As we walked across the street, the lot was filled with all these beautiful roadsters and other classic cars. There was also a nice looking patio, but not so nice on a December night.

We walked in and I greatly enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and as good as you can get in America pub vibe.

The selection of beers was quite impressive and I went with a 512 IPA as I needed some real Austin beer before I left.

The menu had traditional pub fare and a good selection of burgers.

Had I not had to wake up at 3 the next morning, I would have loved to have stayed longer, but the serving staff was incredibly friendly and I hope to return.
this place is alright, they use an iPad for a cash register...which is kind of cool; but the food is just not as cool as an iPad.
The dog and duck is the type of place you can go to any time of the day (provided its open). im always there on sunday evening and tuesday nights (pint night) and the bar is always choc-full of hilarious people. no hipsters here, which rules, and no frat rats either--so basically, the crowd is full of nice normal people like us. i dont eat meat but i always get their veggie burger, which is solid, and i think they just started making falafel too. fries are to die for. great beer selection, good wine and cider too. adorable bartenders. all in all, always the go to place for a drink and friends. plus: parking !!
I went here for lunch on Friday and they have really good lunch specials on Fridays. I have been there for beer and it's a nice place to kick back and relax with friends.
The Dog and Duck is a fun spot that's a lot more like an English pub than lots of other spots trying to do the same.  For starters, the place doesn't take itself too seriously, and the atmosphere is a nice mixture of what you'd expect from a "pub" without forgetting that it's located in Texas, smack dab in the U. S. of A. 

THere are plenty of good beers on tap, dart boards, plenty of spots to sit and have a conversation.  Perhaps most appealing, the Dog and Duck is located a bit away from the rest of the hustle and bustle so you can go there as a destination location without  worrying that the crowd will ebb and flow like downtown spots.
Best Irish food on the Central Coast!! Amazing good and atmosphere! Has become my favorite place to eat!!!
my wife and friends ate here last night. Our server Matt, was wonderful, friendly and helpful. The pasty was a treat. Everything we ordered looked good and tasted better. we will be back often. And way cool, we paid our bill on an IPad and the receipt was emailed to my acct. That was a first for me.
I like this place.  They have good beer specials and a nice selection of local brews.  They forma little line in the middle of the bar to take your drink and food orders.  They allow dogs outside, which I like.  I also like the location- it's a nice place for northernites to meet southerites.
I haven't had any of the food but my friends rave about the burgers.
They have a nice selection of British foods.  The only downside would be the high prices.
My favorite things about the D&D:

It is Dom DeLuise friendly

The staff is super friendly

Really chill atmosphere

My least favorite things are that the fish (of fish-n-chips fame) was just ok... and homeless people digging in trash cans makes for an awkward first date.

Although the parallels between singles dating and homeless digging in trash cans are metaphorically compelling.
I made my first visit to Dog & Duck Pub Friday night. My friend had heard it was modeled after an authentic English pub, and having spent a semester abroad in England, I can say it wasn't that far off. My friend and I approached to bar to check out the selection on tap. She was ordering food, so as she was browsing through the menu, one of the bartenders asked what I wanted. I told him I hadn't decided yet and he gave me a little 'tude (even though there wasn't anyone else in line). God forbid I not immediately know what I want when faced with such a selection. My mistake. I guess one of the other bartenders overheard, and he asked me what kind of beer I like and made some really good suggestions. After we both got our beers, we went out to the beergarten and chatted for a few hours. Overall, I really liked this place and if it wasn't for the one sourpuss bartender, I would have given it 5 stars.
Bar none the Best place to get authentic Fish and Chips. High recommend it. Great atmosphere in the pub just makes the experience even more enjoyable.
I was pleased to see all the reviews posted for Dog & Duck.  I truly love this place.  I'm a fan of Draught House too but I still think Dog & Duck takes it.  

I have to disagree with Larry here as I think they actually have some good food and one of the best burgers in town in the Wooly burger.  It's a really expensive burger, but oh so good. 

Tuesday nights (Pint Night) are the best of the week in my opinion.  The bartenders there Ryan and Becky are awesome to boot.
Bar three, I was a little confused with the ambience of this bar. From the name I recognized it as a pub; upon entering I felt the dive bar presence. I kinda was hoping to see a rugby team walk in and start pounding some Boddington's & put tabasco in their eyes. (thanks for the story Shelly)
I was a little thrown off on the ordering process, there was a line. Not like stand at the bar and hope you get noticed. More like, I'm at Starbucks awaiting for my soy-milk caramel latte with a dash of nutmeg. It was very efficient though and I got a free pint glass. Thank you very much Circle Brewery & The Dog and Duck Pub. Btw, I don't know what I drank because when I stand in lines I feel that asking questions will hinder productivity. I took my beer and proceeded to the patio. 
They serve food, alas, no I did not eat. I saw someone eat fries, so I figure you can get the usual bar fare. Maybe not Shepard's Pie, but hey we're here for the beer right?
The bad, parking kinds blows....little lot fills up quick. Park on the outskirts of the area and remember were to crawl back to. Women's restroom, one stall....what is with bars and one stall? Maybe there were more than one, but I did notice if there was. Other than that, come here have a pint...meet some chaps and enjoy.
Three stars for now. We were hungry and somebody mentioned fish and chips. We just happened to be by 17th and Lavaca so we veered over towards Guadalupe and found a parking spot immediately, which was miraculous in itself. I mean I knew Dog and Duck were celebrating St. Patrick's Day, but MAN were they celebrating. Tents and live music and lines to buy beer or food tickets. Wall to wall people created an undulating sea of green; the various tones and shades of green representing waves. There was definitely a good time had by all. 

I love the Irish; never a dull moment when in their company. The Guinness was perfect; it was the first time me little lady tried it. She loved it! For food the choices were Fish and Chips, sausage wraps, shepherd's pie, and Irish stew. Although we wanted fish and chips initially, I never pass up a chance to order shepherd's pie. We had the shepherd's pie, which was excellent; it was even made with lamb as it should be. Some places serve what they call shepherd's pie, but it is made with beef; that is cottage pie. Cottage pie is delish, but shepherd's pie it is not. The Irish stew was made with beef. My memory fails me a bit, but I thought Irish stew was made with lamb as well. No matter, it was excellent as well. 

There was a band playing under the tent as we walked up whose music can only be described as Power Irish. It sounded like the song in one of the scenes in Scorsese's film "The Departed" (an expert at pairing music with film). They were great. For all the beer that was flowing and the amount of people filling the area, the crowd were focused on good times; no shitty behavior, rudeness, or attitudes. 

I even ran into an classmate from a recent business class I took, who herself is kin to the Celts. 

If additional stars are awarded, the decision will be made from return visits to the restaurant under normal (relatively) circumstances. But this event alone was for us a surprise, and a positive one at that.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere, cool technology the servers use!  Live thus place.
We came in on a rainy Sunday night in SLO. THe bartender  (Lauren?) was as nice as can be. The food was the star, I mean warm, delicious and not something you have everyday. Also good beer to wash it down. Probably one of the best places we randomly found driving up the coast.
I've been here a few times, and depending on when you go, it is two completely different bars.

Some nights it's a quiet bar where you can hang out, drink, and have a conversation with the person next to you.  

Other nights, it is college bar central, where you wait forever to get served, have to elbow your way to the bar, and the noise level is horrendous.  

They have a huge selection of beers, and the staff is friendly and quite knowledgeable.
I love their beer menu. They're the only place in Providence to have Innis & Gunn all the time.  Their food.... well, let's not talk about their food. Don't come hungry, is all I can say. (Eh, they're British. I got about what i expected - mushy, overdone, bland.)

They do have alllll the beers, reasonably priced. I haven't seen the bad service so many reviews mention, finding instead unusually knowledgeable waitstaff who seem comfortable with their stock and capable of making good recommendations.
I love the fruity beer selection.
I love it even more when Shipyard Pumpkinhead and Applehead is on there.
Great selection of beers (I would choose this place over the Mews any day as far as beer selection goes).  I have never had the food so I am not rating this place based on that.  For a good beer come here.
Went for lunch on a week day.  Had the burger - excellent.  They have a lunch special every day and it's different each day.  Gotta try the fish and chips that everyone is raving about.
My husband is from the UK so we were really excited to sit down and eat a pasty so far from it's origins. It was delicious. My husband and I are both veggies so we had the veggie bake and the shroom. Both were delish, but the shroom had the more traditional taste. My only complaint about the pasty was the potato chunks were still a bit raw and crunchy, which was a disappointment. Otherwise the flavors were all so yummy- the portobello mushrooms, the flaky but thick pastry and the red wine sauce were all outstanding. My only other "complaint", which isn't too serious is the broccoli slaw- it was really tasty BUT it was an asian flavor that did not compliment the flavors of either pasty that we ordered. If the slaw had been a traditional flavor it would have been great. I think next time we'll share a pasty and order a soup and salad to share as well. The service was really excellent as well! We'll definitely be back.
Aw damn it.
I'm only lowering it a star because of one thing. The beer and service was impeccable, as usual.

However...
They took my favorite sandwich off the menu!!
PLEEEEEEZE bring back my Thai Tuna Burger!

I mean, I know you probably weren't selling it a lot when you had that super crazy menu and only had it listed as a substitution rather than an actual dish, but I swear if you put it back on, I'll come and eat it like once a week!

Promise!
I don't frequent pubs, but I like the Dog and Duck. I just moved out of West Campus, and my friends and I wish we went here more often. 

I dig the vibe this place gives off. Dim lighting, eccentric decor, TVs, a mixture of wooden chairs and booth seating. A variety of people come out here as well, even though it's so close to UT campus. 

Decent selection of beers on tap, and the food is both tasty and filling. I ordered the beef pastrami & mozzarella blue cheese melt. Generous helping of juicy beef pastrami, and the mozzarella added just the right amount of cheesiness. It didn't overpower the pastrami and was a good compliment to the meat. The fries were decent, and they give you enough to fill you up. 

A solid pick to gather around friends for cold one and grub. Cheers.
Awesome.  Having lived in england 3 years I know what cornish pasties taste like, and while good, they're nowhere near as yummy as these.  Thus is a small, tidy cafe which opens out to the street near mission slo. So glad we chose it tonite.
A really nice ambience inside the restaurant, but the bar next door sound system does spoil a good meal a little. 

Pasty flavor was good, pastry was great, but make sure that they warm the pasty properly. The fries are great and staff attentive. Oggy tasted very much like the real thing, chicken pasty and shepherds pie looks interesting.

Bodingtons and Smithwicks on tap! Should have docked a star for trying to pass Stella Artois and Sprite as a shandy, should have been the dark ale with lemonade......think they need to pay a Brit to give them some tips ;)
My most fave bar in town!! I loooove the outside area - great for enjoying their awesome beer selection and rockin' fish & chips. They have a grown up vibe even though it's close to the college scene. Excellent place to hang. ;)
One fall night I was wandering about providence with two friends and happened upon this bar.  It was a very relaxed bar scene for a saturday night, nice interior, not too cramped feeling. We sat down for a couple beers to find that they had a fairly extensive menu (no natty ice or keystone insight... sorry college boys). I ended up getting hard cider which was very good and fit with my autumn mood (they had several different choices of cider as well) We decided to get the spinach and artichoke app. When it arrived, I was pleased to find that it was a step above the freezer section applebees variety and was served with pita chips. It was a great snack and very tasty... until I started chewing on something that sort of felt like an eggshell. Come to find that the ceramic bowl that it was served in was chipped. Low and behold I pull a piece of ceramic out of my mouth... yum! Now I've only been there once so I can't really say that they serve their food with broken bits of ceramic to all of their patrons but I didn't really appreciate it. Aside from that minor incident, the service was decent for a fairly busy night. I would probably go there again
Nice people- it was apparent they knew the ins & outs of what they serve, including the dessert and beer selection. The food is good to great (we tried two salads, two dinner pasties, and two dessert pasties). And it's a nice spot there by the mission.
Simply  a horrible experience! An extensive beer list however extremely disorganized. My wife and i ordered hamburgers which were chard black to the point that they were  un edible. The bill was completely removed only after multiple conversations with our waitress. Don't waste your time in this place with all the options in Providence.
I will always have a fond spot in my heart for the Dog & Duck, solely for the fact that it was a favorite of the Czech Department during my time at UT. I spent many nights here with my dear Slavic friends and a lecherous prof or two. Since Waterloo's no longer, Dog and Duck will have to serve my undergrad nostalgia.

Lots of beer choices, a pretty cool jukebox from what I remember, dark cozy corners, or a dog-friendly patio--these are all good things.

The day I bought a plane ticket to move to Prague in the summer after I graduated, my friend and I celebrated here afterward with pints of Pilsner. Yes, I love this place for the reminiscence.
In this troubling economy, the owner of British Emporium has closed the tea room yet her stock of English goods remains consistent.  PLEASE patronize this lovely business for all of your English cravings!  We will not have this place if we do not support it!
This has been my go-to bar since I was 21. I've helped out at random St. Patty's day celebrations and held nearly all my birthday parties there. THey always have a great selection of beer, always let me taste one if I want, and their food is pretty delish pub grub. The staff have their good and bad days but on a whole I enjoy them. They may not throw glitter at you when you come in, but ask them any question and they are generally polite. I don't have to put up with assholes at this bar and I think they have a car club that meets there occasionally. I hate to say how great this place is because I don't want to have to start putting up with the Californians that moved to Austin but I suppose everyone deserves a good pint of beer...
I love this place for after work drinks. They have an incredible bottled beer selection and the food is pretty good too. We usually go for the beer and the french fries!

If they could add more beers on tap I would up this to four stars!

The atmosphere is dark and quiet and it's a nice place to go to have a beer and some conversation with friends!
This place was suggested to me by a friend whose opinion I tend to trust, so I stopped in for a bite since I was in the area.  The place was open and inviting.  The beer selection impressive.  The menu consists of English favorites like Fish and Chips and Bangers and Mash.  

The Fish and Chips were tasty, proper English-style.  Young's Double Chocolate Stout on tap, and things like Boddington's.  Lots of bottles to choose from if you don't fancy a selection on tap.

Definitely a place I'll visit again!
Went here for a quick lunch downtown on a beautiful day. I got to sit on their sidewalk patio and enjoy the weather. I knew ahead of time about their lunch specials so I was thankful for that since I was dining solo and couldn't eat a large serving. 
I ordered the veggie pasty with a side salad option. The salad came out on the same plate as the pasty, but I had expected it prior since the soups arrived prior to the pasty if you selected soup. The salad was basic and fresh, a mix of greens, tomato and feta. Very good with honey mustard! The pasty was the perfect size for one. It was golden on the edges and a bit flakey when I bit into it. The veggie combo was a bit sweet but perfect together; sweet potatoes, corn, mushrooms, onions and regular potatoes. It was served with a side of Gorgonzola sauce, not too overwhelming in flavor, a bit creamy in texture.

The meal was nice. Service was friendly and quick. It seems like more of a hearty dinner time meal spot so I will definitely stop back in to try other options. I was also told to try a magic hat, so I'll be back for that!

Will definitely recommend!
I dropped by twice during the week while I was visiting Brown. The beer list is good, and is definitely the bar's main draw. Drink prices are reasonable, too.

The staff was courteous, but at both my table and my bar-seat later in the week I found myself waiting longer than I expected.

The bar's got a funky smell, and the passage between the bar and the pool tables is too small for me.
I was uncertain how street food would go over in a restaurant (albeit casual) environment.

I would say pretty good. The prices are a little higher than one might expect for a "pasty", but the portions are large. Ingredients seem good and the food has been well seasoned both times I've been.

The service has been really good. The owners like to move around the floor and bar area and chat with people...they seem really nice and really go out of their way to improve your experience if at all possible.

Good location, outdoor seating and a good beer selection mean i will definitely be back.
My husband and I dined here not long after the restaurant opened.  We went once and have chosen not to go back.  Perhaps we just hit the place on a bad night, but the service was mediocre, the pasties were underfilled and dry (a pasty is supposed to be full and somewhat moist), and we were bombarded by flies for our entire meal.
This is the first pub I've tried since moving from Chicago to Austin. The owner made an article in Forbes which described Austin as the top "hard drinking city" in America, so I figured the place was worth a shot.

It provided some lessons in local culture:
1. You can never have too many tattoos.
2. Putting on an ironic T-shirt and beaten up shorts is "dressing up" to go out (let's just say I stuck out like a sore thumb)
3. The reason #2 makes sense is because even thought it's frighteningly hot, everyone will still congregate outside.

I enjoyed the place, though I only got my standard Newcastle--I'll have to branch out on future occasions. It looks like they have a good selection of beer (and Mondays are Guiness Night).
It seems everyone that has reviewed this place just kind of randomly stumbled apon it and I am no different. Came here during the holiday season looking for a place to have a casual supper that wasn't college budget fare. Decided to check out the pub and really enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. This is definately a cozy winter nook, not somewhere I would go in the summer when the sun is shining. Had the spinach dip with the fried pita chips for an appetizer and it was really good, although very heavy. For my meal I had the fish and chips (had to get something British obviously), which was awesome and a huge portion. My bf had the chowder and a chicken special that were both decent though not great . He got outordered on this round.
Awesome beer list with an impressive selection from all over the globe and the region. Service was pleasant and the pool table outback looked like a fun spot to be on a weekend winter night out. Next time want to come back to get my drink on and globe trot the beer list.
I ordered a Porter and was brought an IPA.  The music was top 40 country.  I didn't like it.
Wow! I've had pasty before but nothing quite like this.  We had four people at our table and each ordered a different pasty and then shared them around.  The Oggy that I ordered was just perfect.  The meat was tender and the spices with the thyme was pure comfort food.  The Aporkridite was also a favorite around the table with it's awesome Gorgonzola sauce.  Even though I was full  I couldn't resist getting one of the desserts.  The caramel apple cheesecake pasty is one of the most incredible desserts I have ever had.  I kept telling myself to stop eating it but ended up finishing every bite including the side of homemade whipped cream that came with it.  I'm just bummed that I have to go back to Wisconsin today or we would be going back there tonight for dinner again.
They have a wonderfully diverse selection of beers. I was delighted to try several local and semi-local brews that are difficult to find in my home state. Our server was knowledgeable about many of the brews, which was a nice bonus. My only complaint is the bathroom: it was a dark, smelly, un-airconditioned one-seater with no windows. Boo.
We sat at the bar and took in all the miner memorabilia and vintage cookbooks.  The bartender was full of information, being a history major and we fell instantly in love with this new restaurant.  She told us of the story of Cornish Pasties that dates back several hundred years to Cornwall, England.  The Pasty provided a convenient way for the miners to get a full meal while working in the mines.  The distinctive crimp braid on the edge of the Pasty helped to keep the food from being touched or tainted with arsenic from the tin mine. 
Gary was thrilled to see that they had Smithwick's Irish Ale on tap and even more delighted to see they had a "misting" system that wetted the inside of the glass before they poured the beer to maximize flavor.  This beer is so old; it dates back to the fourteenth century and is hard to find stateside. 
Gary started with a banana, peanut butter, and jelly Pasty and was delighted.  As the friendly Gwynne told us, "Traditionally pasties were made with the main meal on one end and dessert (or'afters' as they call them) on the other.  The dessert end was marked with the miner's initials so they knew what side to eat first."  Gary would have flunked this skill. 

I was most excited about the special, Poutine.  This gastronomic staple of Canada has been in my dreams since I left Quebec 20 years ago.  It is a magnificent dish made of baked french fries (that are are of medium thickness, and baked so that the inside stays soft, while the outside is crunchy), gorgonzola cheese, and brown gravy that is mildly spiced with a hint of pepper and a sauce brune that is a combination of beef and chicken stock.  I was in heaven and vowed to visit every day. 

Irish Stew is another one of my favorites when done authentically and these guys got it dead-on.  Using Grandma's recipe of steak, onions, carrots and celery in a beer broth with hand-made mashed potatoes piled on top.  It is as hearty and filling as it is delicious and served with a side of fresh soda bread.  The Nutty and Sweet salad was a fresh surprise with mixed greens, candied walnuts, cranberries, Gorgonzola cheese, and red onions tossed with a house made balsamic vinaigrette.
The Shepherd's Pie is a classic and I adore this pie.  Ground beef, carrots, onions, and celery cooked in a red wine gravy.  Throw in some mashed potatoes and you got a little bit of Pasty heaven on a plate.  Dipped in the red wine gravy this appealed to my comfort-food senses like no other.

I adored my mom's Chicken potpie when I was a kid.  The one here made me feel like I was back home in Steamboat having just been called in for supper with a cowbell.  Tender chicken breast, peas, carrots, onions, celery, potato, and their secret seasoning with extra gravy on the side.  The Tri Tip Pasty intrigued us with the blending of old traditions and new.  Filled with the best Santa Maria Tri Tip from Jim's Barbeque, which is cooked over red oak, stuffed with baked beans and salsa, this was a surprising indulgence. 

Gwynne and Kurt longed to find the perfect Pasty and when they couldn't they opened up the restaurant.  They offer the Pasty's to go, par baked or hot (they just catered two dinners for me).  Better yet, come, enjoy their quaint patio, and have a delicious Irish beer.
This place was very overpriced, service was okay, beer selection was amazing (for a price), and the food was decent. Go here to drink, not to eat. Expect good quality bottled beer with a fair selection but be prepared to pay.
I have no idea how it's taken me this long to review Dog and Duck.  I could've SWORN I'd written one already.

I like it here.  Very doggie friendly (even for big dogs) - they provide dog bowls and easy access to water.  They also have a quality beer selection, if not as broad as The Draughthouse or Gingerman, and the fish and chips is pretty tasty.  I keep telling myself I'm going to get the bubble and squeak these days, but I never quite get around to it.

I think Andrea C needs to re-evaluate her priorities; the Duck is a pub, not a sports bar.  That they have TVs on collegiate American football is enough of a concession - if you want to watch the 'horns play, try one of the many, many other sports or collegiate bars in the area.  The Duck is for people who are not in the mood for loud, screaming crowds of college football fans.  In short, it's where you go to get AWAY from the game.

I took away a star for the price.  This $5 pint trend is bullhockey, and it needs to stop.  I can understand paying $5.50 for some random and rare brew from some unheard of country.  But Smithwick's?  It's imported by DIAGEO.  You can buy it at 7-11, fer chrissakes!  There's no excuse for it.  And yes, I'm looking at you too, Fado/BD Riley's/etc.

Otherwise, the Duck is a nice pub with a convenient location and tasty food.
My department always has happy hour here on Fridays, but I never managed to make it.  However, last semester I had a class that got out at 9 pm.  The professor was constantly inviting us to head over here and I finally got convinced (Thurs morning class be damned!).  
I like it.  It's cute, cozy, indoor and outdoor seating, and I like the fish and chips (the shepherd's pie, however, is to be avoided).

The only problem I could have foreseen for me is that, oddly, I don't really like beer.  I tend to get girl drink drunk when I decide to drink.  I know, it's a hardship.  But I do like Blue Moon and I'm a fan of the pear cider that they have on tap.  So I don't have to look like a total loser.   

Also, one night as I was closing out my tab, I ended up joining the bartender in singing along to Dionne Warwick.  That guarantees my having a good time.
Love this place. Pitcher of Texas beer for $13. The food was good when I had it. Standard British Pub fare. The back area is great for groups. Huge fan all the way around.
Part of my lunch rotation.  A great retreat from work -- especially if it's a pretty day!  Lunch on the patio is where you should be... albeit it faces the parking lot and Guadalupe St.
 
Know what to expect --
*Food:  It's so inexpensive. Great $5.95 lunch deals (5 items) -- which lists the excellent fish n chips, soup n salad, daily special, etc.  (I had the best ham and cheese on rye there.)  But whatever I order its always hot, fresh, tasty, and very filling.  Aww work.. but I want to take a nap now.
*Service:  Counter service.  (similar to Waterloo during lunch.)  Which means you go up to the bartender, place your order, pay.  I usually go after the lunch rush, which means I have to ask for a wipe, or grab a towel myself.  No biggie.  The guys are just chilled, ambivalent, and whatevs.
*Beer:  About 12-15 types on tap.  Definitely know the right way to pour a Guinness..(makes the pretty cascading effect thing.)  Love me some Fireman's 4 on tap too!
*Atmosphere:  It's a British Pub.  It's dark, cave-like, dark wood floors and furniture, a few small stained glass windows. A couple of nooks for comfy booth-like seating areas. (Be careful the floors are warped and slanty) 

If you're in the area, remember to stop by, chill, and have a pint.
San Luis Obispo has always been a hit-and-miss community when it comes to the availability and deliciousness of various cuisines. I'll come right out and say it:

SloCo Pasty Company is a HIT.

If you're looking for something that's simultaneously off the beaten path and right in the heart of Downtown, this is your place. If you want a lively atmosphere coupled with and intimate setting, this is your place. And, most importantly, if you want food that is, in a word, RIDICU-NUTS, then yes, this is your place.

For those of you that don't know what a Cornish Pasty is (FYI: "Pasty" is pronounced as "PASS-tee"), it is essentially the love-child of a pot pie and an empanada, but somehow FAR superior to either of them. SloCo's traditional take on the Cornish Pasty is called the Oggy, a savory concoction of steak, potatoes, and rutabaga, among other things, baked in a pastry crust and served with an amazing red wine gravy that holds everything together beautifully. And that's just the start.

If you're looking for something more adventurous, I recommend the Goddess of Love and Bacon, also known as Aporkradite. (Silly wordplay = a win in my book) Pork loin and BACON (yes, BACON), cream, feta, and Gorgonzola cheeses, served with additional Gorgonzola sauce on the side...I know I fell in love right away.

All the pasties are served with a small portion of broccoli slaw, which is much more satisfying than it sounds on paper, and a great way to stem the tide of pasty goodness.

Of course, truly stalwart eaters should opt to finish their meal with a dessert pasty, of which there are many varieties, including apple, pumpkin, strawberries and cream, and NUTELLA. (I know, right?) Order a cup of coffee with one of the dessert pasties; it is wonderfully strong and rich.

Speaking of strong and rich, did I mention the bar? A healthy variety of alcoholic awesomeness is available, from the expected Guinness on tap to more hearty libations, such as Magner's Cider. 

All in all, this is a great addition to San Luis Obispo's hodgepodge lineup of restaurants. Meur ras, SloCo Pasty Company! (Cornish for "thank you".)
Great atmosphere, a great selection of beer and the bar food is outstanding.  What else could you ask from a bar?
The place was such a dive.  It was so dank and dirty that we walked out without even ordering anything.  We were afraid to even try the food.
One word- BANGERS !  Two kinds- both true to Her Majesty's best recipe.  Frozen and ready when you are.  All sorts of other Brit goodies- enjoy. .
This place is awesome.  

Get the Bangers and Mash.
I was hopeful for this place after reading through the help reviews on it. I was thoroughly disappointed.

The atmosphere was charming, and the staff was nice. Other than that, I don't have anything good to say about this place. So here are my biggest gripes:

It was very overpriced. Based on the food quality, I would say that it was priced at about twice what it was worth. The beer was also a bit overpriced, but not as bad as the food.

I ordered a hamburger and fries. The hamburger was undoubtedly among the ranks of 'worst hamburgers I've ever eaten'.  The meat was poor quality and it was overcooked (perhaps because it was a very thin patty). The fries where typical fat fries, nothing special. My friend ordered fish and "chips" which was decent, not amazing (though it was priced like it should have been amazing).

I may give this pub a second chance and go try the Sheppard's pie. But really, there are many other places in Austin that are more deserving of my $20 for dinner.
I haven't eaten here yet, but honestly they could serve severed monkey heads like in The Temple of Doom, and It would still have an awesome atmosphere.

They card more aggressively than the liquor store across from my old high school, but the staff are incredibly nice. 

There are less than a handful of bars that I've walked into in my lifetime that I wished were my living room. This is one of them.

UPDATE: I have now eaten here. The fish and chips will fill your soul with a divine light so miraculous that you will relinquish all your possessions and follow it the world over, spreading a message of love and forgiveness...at least that's what it'll feel like until the food coma wears off.
I love this place! A friend and I went for dinner (I had been a few times previously for drinks - they have a fantastic beer selection) and they've redone and opened the space to create a better flow.  It used to be very much just a pub but now there's a more extensive menu, more servers and they've opened a sister restaurant upstairs and have created a staircase between both restaurants.

So, we went for dinner and were told we could order off either restaurants menu.  That opened up my food choices from the pub sandwich/burger to all sorts of tapas, pizzas and different entrees. I ended up with the tuna carpaccio pizza and my friend got the lobster mac n' cheese.

My pizza was delicious.  The tuna was super fresh and of great quality and the pizza (for a mere $8) was a very decent size.  My friends lobster mac ($16) she said was good but I was shocked by the size.  Enough for dinner, but don't think you're going to take home leftovers. It was shockingly small for a dinner size portion.

The service was okay, not amazing but I've certainly experienced worse.  I think they'll figure out the appropriate wait staff situation soon and that will get worked out.

All in all I think both the English Cellar Alehouse and upstairs newby Coco Pazzo are wonderful additions to the hill and I look forward to returning.
Oi!  Proper beers and ales accompanied by proper pub grub. Long live the queen!

Ok, well its not proper, "Proper English" [sic] but it comes close enough. The fish and chips are tasty and the beers are cold. 

Sitting "just far enough" away from UT, the patrons are actually there to enjoy pints and talk about times gone by rather than the local zeta drama "or whatever."

Friendly waitstaff do come around or you can order at the bar.  I suggest a combination; order your first round and food at the bar and the lovely ladies will bring it out to you.  Simple as that!  Second round is on me.

Beware that the kitchen can get backed up and there have been occasions where other patrons have intercepted the delivery of my food. 

Still, they're good people serving good product day in, day out and they support local breweries as well as imports.   Now that's "Proper English!"
Pretty decent pub, plus 1 star for being right by my office, so it's super convenient to pop by after work and not have to fight traffic.

Other than that, they serve nice 20 oz glasses of good beers, and have decent prices at happy hour.

Fish and chips are ultra greasy, but pretty authentic.  Will have to try more of their pub food, as it's reputed to be pretty good.  As long as they serve the Guinness fast and cold, I'll be back to try more things.
Great place to have a pint and some food with friends.

Very relaxed atmosphere, both the people and the place.  Lot's of wood and booths which makes for a good pub experience.

There are some menu items that are a little "meh" but this place has THE best fish and chips in town.  If you arn't eating the fish and chips, you'd better be eating a banger sandwich!   If you arn't doing either of those, you're probably one of those pinko commie veggie people and I weep for your meatless soul (I keed, I keed).  They actually have some good veggie options, that might just make you enjoy food for the first time in years (kidding, again.  I now envision tons of militant veggie hate mail...)

The drinks are good with a good selection of taps, if a bit over priced.  

The staff has always been hit or miss here.  I've had a great conversation with one, friendly service from another, then snobbish rudeness from another.  Mind you this is over the course of a couple years, so things may have changed.  On the whole, the service is good.
Food goers beware! Don't look at those pictures and think that's what you're going to get! 

The boyfriend and I were in for a little basketball, beer, and bratwurst (not really, but it started with B) as its March Madness and everything, so after looking over a couple of places, we decided on this one. Probably not the best place to go for a basketball game, as only one of the TVs was tuned in, the other being on some sort of soap opera (in a bar...really?), but it sufficed. Our server was sweet and the atmosphere was chill, so we decided to stay.

After reading all the reviews of the fish and chips, looking at the listed pictures, and getting really excited about those onion-rings, we were ready to order. EPIC FAIL #1: No onion rings. Bah.. Boyfriend almost wanted to leave, and I can understand..They just looked so good..but there we sat as our pitcher had just come to the table. I ordered the fish and chips, he got the beef pastrami sandwich (which then turned into turkey pastrami as she came back and told us they were out of beef).

As the fish and chips came to the table, I ask her for tartar sauce as I am taking out the little packets of lemon juice that are in the basket. She says "Oh, its right there" while she points to the little packets EPIC FAIL #2: No fresh tartar sauce. You are really going to be "famous" for fish&chips and not even provide a better quality tartar sauce than a preservative-filled, 2 Tablespoon serving in a little packet...c'moooonnnn! That's just a sign of laziness to me. If you have a product that consistently turns, you shouldn't having a problem getting rid of the accompanied condiment that goes along with it.

So I make my go-to and opt for ranch...which was warm, a little sour, and again, preservative filled. EPIC FAIL #3: Awful ranch.

On the upside, the fries were delish, the fish was meh, the turkey pastrami was yummo, and the beer specials/atmosphere/service were fantastic. I will just remember to not order the fish and chips..or bring my own tartar sauce.
Great pub food, and a dark yet homey atmosphere. Very British feeling! Live music on Friday and Saturday night make for fun times.
Just because a place doesn't have a ton of drafts doesn't mean the beer selection isn't good. This place has over 200 bottles, I've had over 80 so far.

Someone compared this place to Wick Pub? Not even close. Wick has half the amount of bottles and half of those are crappy domestics like Bud, Bud Light and even awful imports like Corona and Heineken. Not that those beers aren't at the Cellar, but they have SO many more, better beers.

The food is good for a pub. I wouldn't go there just for the food, but when you combine it with great beers, good atmosphere and great bar service, you get 5 stars.  And actually, if you go for their beer dinners to the food is unbelievable.

And to that dude complaining about $2.50 for a soda...I've worked in restaurants a lot and that's the standard soda price at a sit-down restaurant, you just gotta deal with it.  Maybe don't order a soda at a beer bar?
One of my absolute favorite pubs in Austin. Good beer selection, excellent pub grub (fish & chips are the best in Texas), and friendly people. Central location makes it easy to get to, so no reason not to go. We always leave satisfied.
I love this place! First of all, BEST fish and chips I've ever had in Austin. Huge battered pieces of greasy goodness- quality stuff the likes of which you'd find on the west coast (I would know!). And delicious! And it comes in half orders, so if you're feeling too tubby you can share a whole order with someone or get a little less. I've never had anything else to eat there so I can't really tell you about that, but if you like fish & chips then this is all you need to know. The selection is GREAT (they have a great wine list!) and the beer prices are average for that area of Austin. Outdoor seating, covered and not covered, and dogs allowed (a must-have in my book to get above 3 stars). You do have to stand in line to order, but they'll come clear away your basket/food stuff and glasses when they're empty. The barkeeps are always friendly and smiling, and half the time giving the cooks sass (and vice versa), which I can appreciate. I love the atmosphere inside, too- all wood paneling and hardy wood tables, booths and chairs- like the inside of a log cabin, in true "pub" form. And I love that they have tables that will seat a big ol' group of people (10-12), which is perfect for birthdays/etc when you just want to tell everyone to meet you somewhere without having to get rsvps or make reservations. When I eventually get around to making lists, this is going to be near the top of my "Not-to-miss Bar/Pub" list for sure.
Burgers, fish&chips, don't miss!!!
Happened to stop by this pub the other night, and was pretty Impressed. This is the first pub that I've stopped in since moving down here besides Bakerstreet and Sherlocks (which definitely have the feel of a large chain but aren't bad). Anywho..Just stopped in to have a beer and had to go with a black and tan. Not the best pour I've experienced, but I suppose that's more of a visually aesthetic quality than anything else. They also had redbridge and a number of ciders available for those gluten free folks out there. It was a cold and rainy night but that didn't stop us and quite a few others from sitting out on the one of the two patios. The inside had a nice oldschool pub feel and can imagine myself spending time here on a regular basis! Looking forward to a trip back!!
A perfectly poured pint and an order of fish-n-chips at the Dog & Duck: it just doesn't get much better.

Others have said it, and I will reiterate - they make the best fish-n-chips in Austin!  I also recommend the hot ploughman's; a hearty plate of sausages, bubble & squeak, cheeses and chutney. Mmmmm....

Very relaxed, friendly atmosphere & excellent selection of beer. I've never had bad service; the staff always seem to be in a good  mood.  This is a *great* place to hang out with friends.
So if you like beer this place is for you, there are soooo many beers to choose from and with such a vast selection you are sure to find one you like!

Also, tried the food was pretty good, nothing special but they did have fried oreos for dessert so that was def a  win!

Overall, English Cellar a cool little hipster bar, and def someplace worth checking out for the beer list!
it's cold and rainy and you are feeling a bit english/irish....  nothing but a solid half and half (or black and tan if you must) will do.  this is our favorite option for such an emergency.

the beers here are expertly poured and they have a great selection of english/irish beers.  

food?  yeah, they have that too.  the spicy fried green beans are good!  I also sampled the single piece fish/chips and the fish piece was huge, crispy fried batter and moist flaky fish inside.  the fries may not be authentic english "chips" but they were crispy outside and fluffy inside.  we ordered a second portion of fries but they were not as fresh as the first.

this is a good option to slow down and relax.  comfy seating areas and enough room for the kids (we had five kids in our party).

it's also fun to come for the HAMB bi weekly monday night get together.  for you non car folks HAMB= hokey ass message board from the jalopy journal folks (hot rods)
I love the creativity and the special attention given to their beer service. 

They used to have "afters" you could add to your pasty which contained a dessert. It was really novel and fun. I wish they didn't quit these.
its kind of hidden in the corner
but the food and the service is okay 
love the idea that they dont rush you to leave 
unlike the other famous ones.. 
they drop off the check right when you finish
Great place to be with friends and relax the food delicious chicken curry amazing...
Ok right off the bat let's everyone get this strait, The Dog and Duck is a British pub. You know, 'pip pip, cheerio,' 'fish and chips,' 'God save the Queen ' that sort of thing. It's not an Irish pub. I know white people with funny accents come from both places but they're different. 

D&D is the quintessential dive bar. Huge beer selection, specials that haven't changed since the first Bush administration, and greasy food. They have a large number of local breweries from the old stand byes like Live Oak, to the up-and-comers like Circle Brewery, they seem to get the new brewery kegs sooner than other similar bars in the area. 

Most Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays you'll find a few groups of Improv folks here as well. I am proud to call this place the unofficial home bar of The Hideout, as well as just a solid place to drink beer. Keep it strait though, it's a dive bar. Be prepared to drink beer, wait in line, and have to choose from super greasy (delicious) food choices.
Most of my memories of pasties come from a long-ago burned down muffin shop at Harvard Square. I was very pleased that my gf & I found this place, and they have some good deals here. Nice selection to choose from, including 3 vegetarian pasties (yea!). We both ordered the $7.50 lunch specials, which in our case included the "mini" (still quite substantive) Veggie Bake pasty. The crust could have been a bit flakier, and the filling a bit more seasoned. (In recollection, we really didn't detect the veggie sausage that was supposed to be in there.) The side salads were pretty good. The truffle fries were quite good--a huge bowl for $4! Nice ambience, which included a live soccer match between Italy & Germany. I would go back to Sloco if in the area & try another variety of pasty.
This was where my husband and I went often before we had kids and stopped drinking heavily.

Love the jukebox and that at 10pm on a Thursday night (any night that wasn't pint night) we'd have the place to ourselves and control of said jukebox.

Fish and chips and veggie burger are what we always order(ed) but we never went there for the food.
Decent Pub, been here since i can remember, with decent pub food. 
Nothing fancy, just a chill place for lunch or after work. No frills, not sharks under the floor, and thank jesus, no 64" screen with football- just bad movies from the 80's (usually). 

Sorry Andrea C- but the reason i like this place is b/c its NOT full of burnt orange assheads. Just because its a "bar", doesn't mean everyone in the establishment wants to paint their face and scream at grown men squeezing ass.
I just love this place! Cold beer, knowledgable bartenders, and pub eats...what more could you want??

The best part? It's dog friendly!!
The fish and chips are great the Plowmans plate is great! The beer selection is great, the pub is a bit old and run down. The music isn't bad most of the time. Last time I was here I had a great time, a few visits before that the place was dead and dirty. Its kinda hit or miss here sometimes the atmosphere and waiters are excellent, sometimes not so much. Its a great dive bar, but its not a dive bar and they happen to serve food, now I don't mind a dirty dive bar but a pub needs be presentable. I'm taking two stars just because the place needs to be a bit cleaner. The restrooms are horrible and small, I felt dirty just washing my hands. I plan to revisit here and see if things change at all because I like the menu.
Aint been coming that long and already had some good times here. Anyway, lived far too long in Austin to have not tried this place before I did.

Good selection of beers. My faves are Smithwick and the Milk Stout they offer. It's low-key, which is a nice change from hectic Sixth Street (can't say I've been around here on St. Patty's, though). Food is a tad pricey, but I like what I've gotten! Still need to try the Fish & Chips..
I've been frequenting this bar pretty steadfastly the last eight months and I can't say enough good things about it.  The bartenders are wonderful and quick to recognize a regular face.

The porch, the diverse crowd, the ample seating, the lighting, etc is impeccable!  I've spend so many nights there slowly slouching more and more in seat with a good book, catching up with a good friend, or being boisterous with a large group.

Plus, there are plenty of beers to try and they've recently re-vamped their wine selection and I am a huge fan of their new selection!
Came with a couple of buddies just to chill and grab something to eat on Friday. This place is your quintessential British pub; dark, quaint, and cozy. And its close proximity to west campus makes it really convenient for anyone who goes to school at UT.  There's also plenty of parking in the lot out front which is very for any place in Austin.  

The fish and chips are the best I've had in Austin.  A basket of fish n chips and pint of Guinness and you're good.  

Good food. Good beer. Good service, and good setting. I'm definitely coming back.
Darn good pub, yo.

This is the best pub I've been to. It's nice and open and has both inside and outside seating. It's a great place to gather with some friends and have a good time.

Aside from the drinks and friends Dog & Duck has a dang impressive menu. They have some good legitimate pub food like HUGE fish and chips and deep fried everything. Plus they have some unique entrees like a crazy good Beef Pastrami Sandwich that was surprisingly delicious and very gourmet-y.

I imagine it gets pretty crazy on certain nights and might be difficult to get around, but who care, it's a pub and it should be like that :)
I came in here with my girlfriend looking for a good beer so we walk in, sit down, and order up. Right away it seems like the bartender is totally trashed. It was Sunday so the bar was pretty quiet and this guy is just yelling acting the fool. I thought it was pretty funny but my girlfriend was getting angry at the sexual remarks he was making to his female waitstaff. They were clearly embarrassed at some of the stuff this guy was saying in front of customers. 

So we just do our best to ignore all this and enjoy our beer which was pretty good. Very good selection, they had a lot of stuff from Belgium. I noticed a pool table in the back. It had an overall cool look to it with the British theme. 

Anyway back to the story, after enjoying my beer I step out for a smoke and who comes out but the drunken bartender. I don't think he noticed me and he then proceeds to puke all over the entry way to the bar. Check please. Your at work and you get so drunk that your puking on your own establishment. And this was a grown man keep in mind. 

I hate to judge a place on one person because other than all this I enjoyed the atmosphere in here. But seriously its not good for business, save the boozing for when your off the clock.
I have been here twice and both times it was not busy.  The first time I was here a man served us that seemed like a owner because he was extremely professional, awesome service and very knowledgeable of the food.  I had the carne asada pastry and it was very delicous.  Loved the small salad that came with it, different and tasty.  I had a beer and yes they could use a few more beers but I was glad they served beer in the first place.  The second time a woman served us and she talked to a guy (customer) at the bar while working.  He was the only person besides us in the place so you had no choice but to listen to the conversation, which I became bored of very quick.  This time I had the Tri Tippin and didn't find it as good as the carne asada but loved their salsa.  I am sure to return to try all their pastries.  I am glad they have come to SLO and hope they are successful.
If I was local, I might turn this into my bar. "Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy" emblazoned over the bar shows this is owned by like-minded folks. The beer list is phenomenal. The list was crafted by folks who appreciate and love beer in all its forms, and want to ensure that the world gets a chance to try multiple examples of each. Locals and regionals are heavily represented, while other imports and more distant regional beers (woo Abita!) are highlighted.

While the shared space of the tapas restaurant above is in service, the music is pleasant and a bit retro. However, once the tapas bar closes, the bass it turned up and Usher calls out to the adjacent street to entice college kids away from their beer money. I would have given this place a four, but that clarion call was my sign that it was time to settle the bill.
Let me start off with the premise that I've been to England a half dozen times, so no U.S. "pub" could possibly get 5 stars from me--that'd be blasphemy. On the other hand, this is quite possibly my new favorite bar in Austin and I've only been once! 

The Drink(s):  As soon as I stepped in the bar, my friends and I were greeted with a smile from the barkeep (+10 points). He was very helpful in selecting the right beer for one of the first cool nights of October. A Dogfish Head Punkin Ale to start, followed by a Belhaven Scottish Ale chaser (mmmmm beeeeeer). Their selection is great--plenty of local crafts on tap (Live Oak, 512, Independence) and good representations of the most popular beer styles (pale ale, stout, lager, witbier, Belgian whites, IPAs, etc). No watery American piss beer here! Those without taste buds be gone!

The Food:  As temped as I was to try the traditional "pub grub," I couldn't resist the Reuben (it's my favorite sandwich). They did not skimp on the well-seasoned pastrami, and the sauerkraut/1000 island dressing was in perfect balance so it didn't end up all over my hands. The fries are most likely frozen-fare--but were adequate, and served piping hot.

The Atmosphere:  The enclosed back patio area decked out with picnic tables was PERFECT for a breezy Saturday night. Good lighting, a friendly bunch that turned the Tv to VH1 classic (Freefallin' by Tom Petty, anyone?), and Walter--one of the largest dogs (part wolf?) that I have ever seen who gently laid his head on my knee. Sorry boy, I wanted to give you a piece of my Reuben, but your owner said no people food. :-)

Until I get back to Jolly ol' England, the Dog & Duck is where you'll find me.
They serve an excellent pint of Guinness and a toothsome fish and chips.  Somehow, this place seems to accommodate all types of personalities by keeping the ambiance simple.  As I am always exploring new brew-tasting experiences, the bartender who happened to serve us was quite helpful in helping me select a pint.

Unlike the pubs along 4th or 6th, parking here is a less frightful experience, although I have seen the lot fill up.
I love this place for the atmosphere, the beer selection, and the good and steady service.  I have only had food here a few times--colcannon and fish and chips--and I didn't like either much, but I really just go there to drink.  Also, I like crunchy, corn meal fried fish, and don't like the puffy batter, which is just preference so it's not like they are doing it wrong.  I will second the mosquito and/or flea problem though.  Some big fans might help with the mosquitos, but people would probably complain they couldn't talk over the fans.  I stop feeling them after pint #2 anyway.  This is also a great place to people watch, and (important) no matter how packed they are it is not hard to get a beer.  They're good about seeing to it that everybody is getting served.
This place was a staple during my time at UT Austin.  I absolutely loved it.  The fish and chips are great, and they have a ton of beers on tap.  Inside and outside seating.
This is probably your best choice for a pub if you are on campus (it ties with the crown and anchor; both have the same set of owners - at least before the big divorce).  Numerous quality beers on draft.

Excellent pub grub.  I generally get the fish & chips.

Nice deck to hang out on.

One of the only things that I don't like about the Dog & Duck is that they insist that you line up to get your beer; granted it is probably fairer with a queue but if there are only 2 people in line then it seems like over kill.

One of the best places in town to go on St. Patricks day if you want to pretend to be irish (the pub isn't irish but  they do kinda gouge on the prices; they make you buy $5 tickets for plastic cups).  They set up a big tent will all sorts of great musically performers.  Lots of out houses to congregate around.
I have now been here twice and had 2 very different experiences. The first was amazing, all the food on the table was great, service was great, everyone left happy. Last time however it felt as though the deep fryer oil had not been changed since this location opened. Everything we had that came from the deep fryer tasted terrible and it was very disappointing. The Service was still great though I have to say. I do like the atmosphere so I will definitely be coming back to give it one more try and I will update my review then.
Went here for my 22nd birthday with my colleagues from work and it was well worth it. A great place to hang out, plus the selections on tap are very decent. Outside, the noise level wasn't bad at all and we could just talk and meet people.
Food was alright- got a burger and it was very typical pub food (somewhat overspiced with garlic), slightly too expensive. Waiting time for food, however, was an issue- although it was a crowded Friday night, my group's food all came at very different times, which was frustrating for those who had come to eat. Drinks were good, but glasses came warm.
Gets an extra star for being two-three blocks from my apartment. Wooo this means I don't have to worry about driving or taking the bus home.
Stopped in for a bite  with the gal and tiny one while browsing the Thursday Farmers' and sampled the Aporkrodite and truffle fries. The truffles have a wonderful but not over powering flavor that craves a dip in a spicy sauce, and the pasty was delicious. The lady and I split both, which was more than plenty on a night when neither of us were looking to be stuffed.  The aporkrodite was quite savory, and the Gorgonzola dipping sauce really put it over the top.  Washed it down with a snakebite(thanks to a fellow yelper for the recommendation).

Price was as expected for DT grub, quality and unique flavor definitely justified the bill. It was fairly quiet Thursday evening, while most folk were out in the crowd, so we enjoyed a lovely evening on the patio.

 Service was just fine. The bartender was also our server, and while nothing was lightning fast, we were in no hurry and were quite satisfied just enjoying the evening.   

Great selection of both hearty and earthy pastys, and good beer selection to go along with it.  I think its one of the only places in town to get Smithwicks on tap  besides MCCarthys.

Only reason for not getting 5 stars is because of the proximity to Bull's. While I'm all for a good tavern, not as nice if you are sitting on the patio and one of the Bull's employees comes out every ten minutes to hock-a-loogy on the nearby tree and smoke a cig-pop over your daughters head, but I guess that would only effect those out on the patio. 


Overall, great experience and will definitely be back for Smitty's tapper.
This is a staple among my coworkers and I. The staff is super duper friendly and the Willy Burger is spectacular. I love Dog & Duck.
I wouldn't call there beer selection huge but they definitely do have a variety. Also it's one the few places in Austin that know how to pour a Guinness. The atmosphere is perfect and they have some pretty good snacks so don't just fill up on the beer.
Don't tell too many people about this place - I want there to be room for me at the bar when I drop in for a pint. The Willi's not old and creaky enough to be an authentic english pub - but it's one of the few places in K-dub to carry a decent selection of drafts and it's quickly becoming our favourite local. We aren't too upset about the apparently biased hiring policy - almost exclusively female, but every server I've met is friendly, efficient, and professional. The GM is watchful, but sets the friendly atmoshphere, and will remember your "usual" after just a few visits. Try the curry - it comes from Vijays, one of the best Indian restaurants in town! Just save me a space at the bar...
In a dark basement - good English comfort food and a wide range of beers. Sat at the bar - an obnoxious couple occupied 4 bar stools. The girl was sat on one stool with her legs on another and her shopping on a third stool. She saw we were looking to sit at the bar and never moved. Bartender shoulda moved em. We sat at the end of the bar next to another obnoxious female who had one of those piercing loud high pitched voices that gets everywhere. We ate quick and left. We'll be back - but probably wont be sitting at the bar again.
My wife and I stopped in here for lunch after walking past it the night prior. We are both big pasty pans and make them at home every winter for friends and family. Not only were each of our pastys very tasty (Sagely Swine and Aporkrodite) but the staff were extremely friendly and even willing to help us on our quest to perfect our pasty crust recipe. We both would highly recommend this place, and while we stopped by for lunch, it seems like a nice casual place for dinner as well.
Good pub, good beers.
My boyfriend and I arrived into Austin late one night after the flight from hell (cancelled due to the American Airlines MD-80 debacle, and then our luggage was lost), and all we wanted was a beer and some decent food.  The Dog and Duck was the answer to our prayers.  

The beer selection was quite decent, and we shared some delicious fish and chips, which is hardly faint praise, as we're from a place where people are fanatical about fresh seafood.  I don't know what they put into the tartar sauce, but it was fantastic, and I'm normally a drown-it-in-ketchup kind of girl.

The service was laid-back but friendly, and the only detriment was the group of what appeared to be theatre students loudly discussing the merits of Mamet's plays.  We could have been spared that pretension, but with fish and chips that good, who cares?
Good place to chill out.  Was many times a place to meet friends and hang out on the patio.  The place is an Austin staple and if you are looking for a good value for beer, then look no further.  I had a friend tell me that this was the best fish and chips in town.....I guess, but living on either coast I would say it is typical pub fare for an english pub.
my sister told me i should check this place out, based on the beer selection. they have over 200 beers!! pretty sure they beat out the muse tavern and must hold some kind of record.  they even have organic and gluten free which is nice.  

the ambiance is just a little underwhelming. wish it were a little more interesting and more english pub styled.

food is typical fried pub fare. nothing special. but if you're just going to experience an inconceivably vast selection of fermented grains and fruits, hey, you're in the right place.
I love the Dog and Duck.  On a nice night, sitting outside at a long picnic table with a perfectly poured Guiness is about as good as it gets.  I even got drunk and ended up eating there (and I normally try to avoid "pub grub"), and the turkey sandwich was a very pleasant surprise.  Something about that bread . . . maybe it was deep fried or something.  Crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. 

Just watch out for the slanty floor near the bar.  I think there might be a hellmouth under there or something.  That damn floor did its best to bring me down on multiple occasions, but I'm a fighter!
Pretty good fries, AWESOME selection of beer, pretty nice wait staff. Strangely no table service so it can get really crowded at the bar. Outside patio is lovely. 

Just a litttttttle expensive for Austin. Big city prices. :)
"Shep"

It's the shorthand for "Shepard's Pie," which is British slang for mashed potatoes on ground meat with peas, carrots and other vegetables.  At Dog and Duck, it's a colloquialism for fabulous.  I order it often and it is consistently excellent. It's served in a large bowl with a wide, flat lip to better facilitate extremely enthusiastic consumption and keeping your shirt spotless. If you don't order this, I hope it's in favor of the Philly Cheese-steak (with bacon added, of course). A very astute friend of mine says it's the only logical choice anyway.

The beer selection is great, and was the only pub I frequent that I even saw Guinness 250 on tap. It's just a pleasant dream that has faded into the reality of morning at this point, but it was, like Real Ale's coffee porter, a very beautiful thing and will be missed.

Steve, the bartender, by the way, is the best host and barkeep, hands-down. Qualifying statement: I have been to pubs in London, L.A., Tokyo, Dallas/Fort Worth, and Hong Kong. No one is nicer, more pleasant, more interesting or more apt to remember you on your second visit. I suggest asking him about his custom hot-rod shop.

Dog & Duck, you will be sorely missed. Friends meeting on the weekly, tunes from senior year (of high school) playing on the jukebox, kitchen staff yelling my name on the patio, shep causing pleasant bloating, British girls flirting, Oklahomans c. blocking, sunglasses at night, arguments at all hours, dogs barking, Germans making noises too... I hope I can visit often.
I usually come here with my coworkers for lunch about once a week, it's pretty good. Woodchuck on tap, decent food, and while they're not exactly speedy in the kitchen, we're not really in a hurry when we come here. It's my kind of place, really.
Any place that tolerates a large group of eclectic people descending upon their establishment with board games and no intention of leaving gets two thumbs up in my book! 

I'm highly fond of Heffe-Weisbier, and the staff here was very familiar with their selection and made some pretty excellent suggestions. The prices were reasonable, and after three hours when everyone started ordering food, I can say that was the best Reuben I've ever had! Their chips made me feel like I was back in London. Mostly I loved that the staff and other patrons were very relaxed about us commandeering 6 tables and re-arranging them to hold the largest game of Apples to Apples played by mankind ( don't give me that look, we put them all back when we were done!)

A perfect place to escape the heat, get a good lunch, and chill with friends old and new.
The Dog is the best pub in Austin. Best Jukebox, best food, best beer, best smell, best graffiti, best tats, best mummy. It was my living room when I was single. Now I am married and have kids and a real living room. But it was a great living room back then. Have loved the place since it was open and always will. Viva El Dog.
PJ D.; "As a few other posters mentioned this place is a Jekyll & Hyde sort of bar."

That must be the case, for it was a surprise to see so many negative reviews.  I visited once, on a Monday afternoon.  There were only a handful there, so service was unlikely to be an issue.  

However, the barman was friendly and clearly cared about his beer.  The selection of beer was cosmopolitan, but consistantly good, suggesting a love of good beer rather than a will to show off.

Incidentally, a tip for people creating British pubs outside of the UK, in Britain, the chairs will very rarely match.  Though, I have actually seen working red phone boxes in English pubs, so top marks there.
I stopped by here last night for a birthday gathering. We sat in the cellar which looked like it sat plenty of people.  I had the meatloaf with wasn't any thing spectacular but wasn't terrible either.  I would probably try something different next time.  My boyfriend ordered a creamed Dijon chicken dish that was awesome. They have a beer for every pallet. Their martinis range from 8-10 bucks and were strong.  The waitress was very attentive and as nice as could be.  At 11pm the lights were turned down and the music turned up. The remaining empty seats filled up quick. It seemed to be the place to be on a Saturday night.  I'd suggest it to a friend.
If we'd only had beer, this place would have gotten four solid stars - great selection, good service (although the waitress did regale us with her hate for PVD), and fun specials. We were enjoying our beers so much, we decided to order some nibblies to hold us over for the afternoon. 

The food was practically inedible. We ordered some fries that were starchy, mushy, and just barely warm - they actually reminded me a lot of microwaved fries. We also had some frittola that were actually cold cuts wrapped in a wonton and they were just not good - pretty bad, really. I shan't be ordering food from here again, but I may go just for the brews.

The decor was fine - they really ran with the English theme and have the faux leather-bound books to show for it. The bathroom and billiards areas are scary, but I can't really expect more from a college bar.
It's a great 'pub' with a hip yet laid back vibe - true to Austin nature. 

I say 'pub' because I suppose it's as close as we are going to get to a genuine British pub in Texas. Nothing comes close in my mind, so 5 stars will not be awarded, but I'm not complaining, this is a great alternative. I enjoy the wide array of beer choices, the hot food, and playing darts and shooting pool while listening to great music. And not to forget the outdoor patios that are perfect for a nice summer day and a cold one. 

Side note: impatient, uptight, non-beer drinking people not allowed.
A really pleasant surprise!

I had planned to dine at the farmers' market but was feeling a bit over crowded and not entirely in the mood to wear most of my dinner as I normally manage to do while eating and walking and looking around at the same time.  So I went to my trusty friend Yelp and this popped up around the corner from where I was and I got sucked in by Ms. B's "if you're still reading reviews deciding if you should go or not...  GO!"

I'm glad I did.  I sat at the bar and was promptly greeted and offered a beverage.  I ordered a beer (all good on offer, but nothing out of the ordinary, but then again, I really like beer) and looked over the menu.  They make all pasties in-house and and have a selection of traditional, Slo-specialty and dessert pasties that all looked and smelled wonderful.  I'm trying to migrate my way back to vegetarianism so I ordered the Veggie Bake and it was really, really good.  The crust was soft, yet crusty and a bit buttery but not flaky and the inside was filled with whole black beans, yams and veggie sausage and served with a house made, super-yum gorgonzola sauce on the side.  At $8.50 it was a large portion and I was nothing but happy with my dining choice.  

The owners and their team seem like they have a good start to a good thing and it's nice to see something different out there in the SLO dining world.  You can sit outside on the patio, inside at a table or the bar and even half in, half out if you like which is a good combo on summery nights.
This is where you go to get some great english food.  I do recommend their Shepherd's pie, Bangers and Mashed, and their Stilton and Fruit plate.  Those three entrees alone and a couple of great pints, makes for a great dinner.  Have yet to try as a formal "bar" (meaning have a few more drinks and less emphasis on the food) but if you want a nice laid-back night with a few friends, this could definitely fit the bill.
I heart Dog & Duck. That is all.
I started frequenting Pint Night Tuesdays at Dog and Duck two years ago. I live a couple of blocks away, almost everything on tap is cheaper, the crowds are a good cheerful size, the bartenders are efficient yet helpful and there's always some fun people. I have discovered most of my favorite beers at Dog and Duck under the tutelage of the staff. 

I have a porch fetish. I love sitting outside beer in one hand, cigarette in the other, always an interesting sometime-passionate conversation. Dog and Duck (D&D) has not one but two massive porches. One in the front. One in the back. 


Pint Night was the entirety of my Dog and Duck experiences for about a year. And then, last summer I went to spend a week in South Padre with a few friends. And that changed quiet a few things. 

The first was I tried food on the Dog and Duck menu as a direct result of going to South Padre. I will get to that story in a bit. But in South Padre, I also got the most uptight person I know to name my nuts. It was a sort of personal challenge. Judge me all you want, but that poor soul now has an exciting story to share with all her friends for the rest of her life. "This one time, I went parasailing and I ended up naming my friend's nuts!" I also went para-sailing by the way, which was a little uncomfortable what with my fear of heights. Oh I also slipped through my harness and had a wedgie the entire time I was floating a few hundred feet above that island. 


Back to the Dog and Duck menu. On the way back from Padre, we were driving by Dog and Duck. It was open but not very crowded. We went in, walked up to the bar and I actually picked up a menu from the pile at the bar that I had always simply and regretfully ignored, They had cheeseburger on the menu. I love cheeseburgers. So I ordered one, even though the burger and drink cost about $10. But there was nothing cheaper on the menu and the massive burger came with a massive serving of fries. Ever since, I make a biweekly food-focused pilgrimage to Dog and Duck and overwhelmingly usually get a cheeseburger with jalapenos, fries on the side, a Dr. Pepper if it's too early or an IPA if it's appropriate drinking time. Dog and Duck has by far, the best cheeseburgers I've had in Austin. Yes, better than Hut's. Yes, better than P Terry's. Yes, better than Sportini. 

The menu also features other great pub food items on the menu. The queso is satisfactory. The jalapeno poppers rock my world. The fish and chips are good as infamous British food can get. 


I have taken a lot of friends and especially people from out of town to this almost-hidden little gem Austin has. And they've always come back for more. My brother always makes a stop at D&D everytime he's in town now.

Great staff, great selection of beer, great food, always interesting conversations and *two* orgasmically good porches. D&D is a great place to go for a few beers during the week or to satisfy a cheeseburger craving or to just to go for a 'spontaneous' adventure.
Oh, my goodness, what a beautiful space, decent beer selection, and delicious yet expensive pasty. 

I love the pasty. No I've never actually had one in the UK or anything, but I've had close and keep on wanting them. Imagine how excited I was as I saw this place come together in the past couple months as I walked by downtown. 

Atmosphere. Nice warm wood bar work and wainscoting. Well laid out inside and delineated patio with rail in the front. Lovely tall ceilings giving the sense of open and comfortable space (but mostly unfinished, so don't spend too much time looking up). There is one TV. 3 out of 4 for atmosphere. 

Food. Oh, super tasty mushroom pasty, and I'm sure all the others are just as lovely. I don't know what the sauce was and they didn't tell me, so I didn't eat it. And it didn't need it. However, for the size of the pasty and the satisfaction it gave me for the price, I gotta say, the value is not there for me. it needs to be a little larger (enough for lunch, not for dinner) or $3 less expensive (so that I can justify having a beer with it.) or served with mushy peas/something. Now, I don't know where their ingredients are sourced, but that might help me in my justification to eat there more often if it is local or organic or sustainable, but at this point I'd go maybe 6 times a year. I might go more often if they got Fullers beer on the list. Down one point for price. 3 out of 4.

Service. I left my house at 510, walked down there in 5 minutes, ordered within 5 min, and waited maybe 15-20 min for my pasty, home at 545. Seems a little long to wait, but what do I know and this business is only open for a week. The gentleman that served me was very polite and welcoming. 4 out of 4.

In conclusion, I wish I could afford to eat here everyday for lunch, but $9 dollar pasty and $5 cider is much more than I can justify spending. But I love that this is here in SLO. I hope it stays. Welcome slocopastyco, and good luck.
I have my green sideburns ready to go. Can't wait for St. Patricks day to come around. Love the bands and all the beer. Sure it's a zoo but on the 17th I want to be one if the animals there. There's a black and tan with my name on it.
I tried this place out with a few friends on my birthday eve a couple weeks ago and I loved it simply for the ridiculously amazing drink selection and the helpfulness of our waiter in assisting with our drink choices. After we had our first round, he suggested that we try a bottle of J.K. Scrumpy's Winter Solstice Hard Cider, which they had about 34 bottles left of from when it was in season, despite it not being on the menu.  One of my friends bought us a bottle, and three of us shared it. It was amazing and we tipped our waiter generously.

I would give this place a higher rating, but the night I was there, the kitchen was out of service (without a sign on the door or notation on the menu or anything, or notice from our waiter until we asked about a food menu), the music on the stereo was really not conducive to the atmosphere, and the bathrooms were sub-par in terms of cleanliness.
Although I have lived in Austin since the 90s, I had never gone to Dog and Duck Pub.  It's true.  And I may not have gone there last night, had the service at Dive Bar been better.  We decided to head over for fish and chips and beer.  Although there was a long line to place orders, the service was very quick and friendly.  I didn't even have time to read the whole menu before being asked what I wanted.  They do have bubble and squeak on the menu which I thought was interesting, but of course, I went with the one piece fish and chips.  I asked what beer they used in the beer batter for the fish.  It's Shiner.  I was going to get the same beer as the fish batter, but decided on a Stella instead.  It took me longer to find my ID in my purse than it did for the bartender to get both our orders and beers to us and rung up.

The Stella was cold and good.  Our food came very quickly.  While they were not the best fish and chips I've ever had, they were very good and probably almost as good as fish and chips I've had in Britain.  You can totally tell they are using a dark bock in the batter and that does create a totally different texture and taste than if they were using a lighter beer or just water.  I'm pretty sure the fish was cod.  The in-house ketchup is Hunt's which is also pretty authentic.

They were quietly playing a mix of British music, mostly older rock, and shoe-gaze and a fair amount Joy Division.  There were darts and pool tables and typically British pub-style furnishings (booths upholstered with pictures of unicorn hunting and wooden chairs and such).  It definitely had that pub- feel that makes you want to stay and relax the whole night away with your friends.
So on my first trip to The English Cellar Alehouse i had just returned from London, which is like a second home to me, and was excited to discover this place.  Things that were great:  They had a variety of ciders available... and I'm not talking your run of the mill Woodchuck.  Things that did not excite me... my "Big Ben Burger"... served on an english muffin... I mean really???
Trip #2 left some of us baffled as they do have an extensive beer list but we had to go through a few of our top choices before we got one that they actually had either in stock or on tap.  I tried the chix pot pie this time... and definitely never will again.  Also... why would you ever need a kobe beef hot dog???  
Regardless, go for the cider, the drinks, the friendliness of the wait staff, the trivia that they have EVERY Sunday night at 7:30pm... and try to eat before you get there :)  It is defiantly more of a drinking place :)
This place is a cool addition to downtown. Its pretty unique and pretty tasty. Its priced fairly and has a cool atmosphere.
I went there for lunch, and I had a wonderful time!  The atmosphere was relaxed, the food filling and delicious, and the waitresses beyond helpful!  I LOVE the Magnar's Cider!!  Wow!  Over ice, without ice, both ways delicious.  The pasty itself, I had the Oggie, was really good.  The crust flaking and buttery, the filling savory and good.  The wine reduction sauce was beautiful!  

To me, if you're looking for fancy presentation and an upscale atmosphere, you don't understand the history of the pasty itself.  This place is true to itself.  It's a place to drink cider, beer, wine or soda with friends, eat a filling meal, and not be exposed to exorbitant prices.  I'll certainly be going back there for many a meal.  

They've got a happy hour from 4-6 (I think), and live music on Tuesday and Wednesday nights for all ages.  Kids can even sit at the bar (huge treat)!  

I really enjoyed by time there!  Thanks so much!!
Checked out this place yesterday for lunch with a friend to celebrate his 30th. We both enjoyed the experience. The draught beer selection included about 12 choices with 2 additional specials to choose from. The bottle selection was quite impressive and seemed endless. The burger I had was just all right but the beer battered fish and chips my friend had that I was lucky enough to sample was just great. The beer battered onion rings were also flavored so well that I passed on the included dip.

Service was prompt and friendly. You'll be happy if you get Lindsey. Based on my first experience I was surprised how quiet it was inside but then again it was a snowy weekday. The food prices were fair and the beer prices were about average. The atmosphere of the establishment was also quite nice if not a bit dark for my taste. We'll definitely be back and recommend this place to others.
Surprisingly delicious food... who else has a scotch egg?!?  The baked potatoes are massive (enough to feed 2 people).  Mini corndogs, fried mushrooms... some experimental burgers (mango/pineapple burger!), yummmm

Wait... it's a bar too?  One with tons of local beers and also chimay on tap, and they run pretty decent specials most days of the week?  Sold!

Only downside to DnD is that the bartenders can be kinda slow in serving up pints.  If there's 4-5 people ahead of you getting beers or cashing out, you might be in for a bit of a wait to get anything.
Best fish n chips in Austin, for my money. Any time I've got a hankerin' for fish n chips it's off to the Dog n Duck we go.

Unpretentious, laid-back, inexpensive, and rarely too crowded, though it can certainly get going. Although it's close to campus, I've never seen it overrun with students, which is a plus.
All in all not too impressed. Had one of their burgers and some of beers. Worth giving a second try.
Dog and Duck has the best fish and chips, hands down. They have a good selection of wine and beer and never look at me like I'm a loser when I order Dr Pepper. It has a really nice atmosphere inside. The bartenders have always been really nice. 
The outdoor covered area has been really crowded when I've gone around five, but the inside is pretty empty later on weeknights.
Simple ambiance, very low-key crowd, good juke box, good beer selection. Good place for  a late-night conversation or an afternoon beer.
I haven't tried the food, and I wish there were drinks available other than beer. Otherwise, it's one of my favorite spots to unwind.
I just signed up for a Yelp account to review this pub. I've spent the past three weeks in Austin for work, and it's my favorite bar here so far.  The food is mediocre even by pub food standards, and the beer could be colder--hence 4 stars instead of 5. But the beer selection is great, the bartenders are awesome, the customers are "my people"', and the music is fantastic. In the last couple of hours I've heard Bowie, X, the Cramps, T. Rex, Dylan, Motrhead--it's like listening to my iPod, but with the occasional song I've never heard before but usually like.  It's rare to find a bar where I feel so immediately at home.
Just enough beer selection to say they actually have one. The vibe is chilled out. Its ambiance is like someone from Great Britain trying to be Austin, or vice-versa, who knows. Staff is rude, but in a nice way, service is not what you go for. Just go for a dark corner to be with the people you really want to be with around some really solid beers. Great fall back spot. Back patio is really nice as well. Oh yeah, the jukebox has a ton of old Clash albums. Nice!
This place was VERY different than I was expecting.  My aunt told me of its existence, and I expected it to be a traditional pasty shop with a counter and some pasties in it, where you ordered, grabbed, and "go'ed."  Instead, it's a sit down bar that is actually a bit fancy (though you don't need anything more than shorts and flip flops to get in...).  They offer a wide range of pasty options, along with drinks, sides, etc.  The pasties vary from traditional, to vegetarian, to California flair.  

My buddy and I tried 2 of the CA specialty ones.  He had the Aporkrodite (which is basically pork, mushrooms, white sauce, etc), while I had the Tri-Trippin'.  These were supposedly 2 of the more popular choices.  Jeff loved his, while I thought mine was pretty boring.  They both seemed pretty well done, and were not really items you could pick up and eat like traditional pasties.  I definitely don't recommend the Tri-Trippin' pasty, but I'm interested to go back and try the more traditional options to see how they compare.

I can't decide if I should say that I recommend this place or not.  It was decent, but not as amazing as I'd hoped.  They do have a really awesome iPad ordering/checkout system.  If you pay by card, you just push a button next to your total for 15, 18, or 20 (or 0) percent tip, and sign your name with your finger.  It's quite fun.
Given the dearth of RI beer-bars and the fact that this place just opened, I'm reluctant to give a bad review, but...they need to sort out some things quickly or they won't be around long.


My wife and I went to dinner with two other couples and all six of us were in agreement:


Food  - Onion rings were great, so was the buffalo chicken tenders.  The rest of the dinners - a few orders of fish and chips,  a burger, onion soup, etc., were all acceptable pub-fare.  The Sheppard's Pie, however, was inedible; it was a nothing more than a layer of ground beef with sloppy-joe mix, a layer of canned corn, and a layer of mashed potatoes. Granted, that might be an authentic English recipe, but it still sucked.  My wife stopped after 4 bites and the only reason there was half of it gone when the waitress came and picked it up was because a few of us tried it.  I've had great Sheppard's pie, this is a recipe designed around a price-point.



Service - Attentive to the point of annoyance.  I realize that they just opened, but we literally had two, maybe three, people hovering over us all dinner long.  There is a rhythm to good service, and nothing stinks worse than being ignored, but having your dinner interrupted over two dozen times is a close second.  I think this will eventually improve, as it's most probably a management issue, because the wait staff were definitely competent and very polite. 



Beer - (warning beer-snob rant about to begin) Having traveled all over the world solely to drink beer, I can assure you any bar attempting to market itself to a beer crowd but not knowing beer-culture is going to suffer.  They claim to offer over 150 beers, and they actually have more than that, but quantity does not always equate to a great experience.  The menu, with all beers organized alphabetically (arguably the worst way to list beers), was filled with spelling errors, mislabeled styles, and looks like it was put together by someone who worked with the distributor, but doesn't really know and love beer.   The most glaring issue is the price: reasonable on some bottles and completely out of line on others.  Would anyone in their right mind pay $17 for a bottle of Orval? How about a $27 for a bomber of Oak-aged Yeti?  Both of these beers are available locally at half of those prices.  The Houblon Chouffe was more than Rochefort 10...on what planet does that make sense? (ok, beer-snob rant is over).    My menu recommendations: first, organize by style or by brewer, or better yet both, that way when you're looking for a stout or an IPA, you see everything that is offered.  Second, have a knowledgeable beer geek proof your entire menu, anyone who orders a beer they've never had needs a solid, first-hand  description. And third, get out locally to see some of the beer-centric establishments so you can adjust the pricing on the higher-end beers.  
In the end I filled out the feedback paper they handed us and then even discussed it in-person with the manager, and to his credit he seemed genuinely interested in hearing the feedback.  


So bottom line: I really do hope they get it right, god-knows Providence could use another bar that has something other than 10 crappy beers, but if they don't listen and learn from the folks who love beer then given the expense of a Thayer Street business, I predict  they'll be gone in a year or so.
Pint night on Tuesdays - win!

Pinball - win!

Pinball at this location:

Tommy (Data East, 1994)
http://ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=2579

This machine is in good condition and plays pretty well, but seems to get multiball really easy (maybe not a huge complaint).
Great place. The sell koozies for pint glasses!!! I bought three even for gifts. Bar tender lady was really nice. I didn't eat but they were serving up food nonstop and there weren't that many people there. I will DEF go back when I am in Austin.
This place is a great alternative to the downtown "pubs" because it's quiet, laidback, cheap (for Austin), and not smokey.  It also has a wide variety of food on the menu, a few flat screen TVs showing sports games, a pool table, outdoor seating, interesting decor, cushioned booth seats, and plenty of parking including the spots along the side of Guadalupe Street.  They are also open until 2 am.

The only annoying things were the somewhat high prices (for my Houstonian background and for being so close to a University where starving students might often come), unclean cushions, and infrequently-cleaned tabletops.  The staff behind the bar was friendly and bring your order to you.  You order your food at the counter, though.
I went to the Ale House semi-regularly to play their Sunday trivia with some friends. The service was never more than OK, but it underwent a steady decline over 2011. We went with a larger group in late summer.

We were a table of 8 -  a solid table without a doubt, some apps, much beer being purchased. My trivia pals and I noted (with some bemusement) that it was the fifth consecutive visit where they appeared to have had at least 100% turnover in the wait staff. It's tough to say, but honestly it was the appalling service that ended up driving us all away.

Maybe it is the constant turnover that is doing them in, but I won't be back.
The worst service I have experienced in a great while. They obviously hire their staff based on looks not skill, which is fine...but at least train the bimbos to take an order and deliver food and drink. We sat for ages before recognized. Drink took quite some time and food even longer. They were out of the first 4 beers I ordered. When the food did arrive it was luke warm and greasy. And when I say greasy it was literally sittting in a puddle of grease. When my server finally showed up to check on how things were I mentioned how greasy the food was. She smirked and said "You know it was deep fried right???" At this point I was about to lose it. I asked to speak to a manager. When a drawn looking man with a beard came over to our table I knew this was going to be interesting. The manager was very stand offish. Didn't seem to want to make us happy or care about us returning...so we won't. BTW- There is nothing english about this place except the name don't waste your time!!!
I love Dog and Duck so much that I intend on having my post-wedding night cap there with all my friends.  I love it today as much as I loved it back when I'd walk over there on Tuesdays from Laurel House Co-op.  I love that it's dog friendly, has lots of seating, and the bar staff really do make an effort to get to know and remember you. Their food isn't the best thing ever, but I don't go to a pub for the food. I go for good beer, conversation, atmosphere and this place is great for those things.
My friend and I went here last night. Inside, it reminded us of London pubs. Age-diverse crowd and malt vinegar on all the tables. The fish and chips smelled terrific. 

Tuesday pint night = a great deal. An array of beers on tap. 

Parking is very convenient, especially for downtown. Wireless internet and a cute patio.
Dog and Duck has been a long time favorite of ours for many years.  We really love the true 'pub' feel (food and decor).  The wait staff are personable and real and mix well with the patrons who frequent this place. My only real gripe is that the place isn't a little bigger for those nights when it's really slammed.  We enjoy the bar area so a slightly larger bar seating area would be nice.
The great selection of taps and friendly staff are some of the reasons we always come back but the food is just good pub grub in our opinion.
They even have a few taps for the 'miller' crowd (not that we partake) but they always have quite a few local area taps going and I like it that one local business is helping other local businesses.
If you want to mingle with the locals and enjoy a very casual pub experience and not be overwhelmed by a bunch of big-screen plasma TV's with sports running on everyone of them, then go to Dog 'n Duck.
Definitely dog friendly (and who knows, perhaps duck friendly as well) the D&D is one of these places that went from a three to a four star review primarily on service.  The place is likely more a Brit-pub in the traditional sense, and given that tradition, it looks, well, 'lived in.'  Dark and old school, the D&D adds the bonus charmisma of one of the more amusing graffiti-ed mens rooms around.  

There's an odd list waiting to happen.

On the day we stopped in, the bartender was minding the joint on his own, pitching drinks, grub and making time to stop by and give bear hugs to the each of the puppies on the patio.  I'll definitely stop back in, and the Dog & Duck will definitely be exactly the same.  Which is just the way the regulars love it.
What can I say about this place?  Seriously, such a pub it's silly that it's even in the states.  The service and food reflects that same experience.  I feel like I'm over seas when in this place.  Old, dirty, and very diverse and older crowd usually collect here.  The bartenders are little rough around the edges and the food is, well pub food.  Not bad, but I go here for a definite one-of-a-kind experience.  Hope it never changes.
This is the first PUB I have ever been to and just love the concept of going up to the bar and getting your drink and taking a seat wherever you want. 
The food was good also, we tried the spicy fried green beans and the sausages with mashed potatoes.  I forgot what it was called but it was good food to grub on. yum, and their pear and apple cider!  by the way, you should try mixing the two!
Great selection of beers for an out of towner with many local brews. Was there on a random weekday and there was a cool crowd of mostly hipsters that knew each other. Service was ok (hipsters=iffy service)
1. Friendly, non-snobby staff.

2. Good selection of beer.

3. Really, really good food. I think their burgers are among the best in town. 

4. Relaxed atmosphere with indoor & outdoor seating.

This is just a good, all-around, low key place to hang out with friends. Go when you're hungry & you'll appreciate the food.... It's far better than anything in any other bar I've been to in town.
Ok,  I've been here before.  Generally enjoy the beer.  But coming in to watch a basketball game the bar was low volume and the service left something to be desired.  It will be awhile before I do this again.
Not bad, Not great.  I enjoy the outdoor aspect of this place, but for some reason during the summer it is infiltrated with invisible mosquitoes.  Actually the more I think about it, with the superfluous amount of canines it is likely a flea problem.  It's usually just my ankles and feet that get the bites.  Uggh, I hate fleas.

Great beer selection, slightly overpriced.  I tried the food once, it was decent.  I guess the only reason I ever come here is to sit outside.
Dog & Duck breaks my heart.

I come here and the bartenders are friendly, the beer is good, and the atmosphere and look are dead-on UK pub style. They even have a relatively recent tube map on the wall. I get homesick for the UK.

Then a drunk girl is screeching at the table next to me and another one is squealing at the bar. A guy stands up and plays a really lame song on the juke box.

This place has the accurate look of a pub, but we're still in Austin. For that reason, I can't go here too regularly. I start to get the feeling like I'm back in Wales, and then it's ruined. Just can't handle the heartbreak.

But I highly recommend it. The beer selection isn't that big, but it's good sized and they have the essentials. I thoroughly enjoy the fact that they have a parking lot. The inside has cozy booths and the outside has a great patio. Good for warm nights and cold beers. It's a legit pub. Very mellow.
Here's what is holding back D&D:
overpriced food (don't even think about getting the chutney egg)
overpriced beer (everything is a dollar more than it should be, but hey they gotta pay rent)

And....um....those are the only problems.
The four-star average for this place is quite fair.  A great place for after-work, even if it is a little on the pricey side.  I like that they have their own lot to park in, and I've seldom had trouble finding somewhere to put my car. 

The fish and chips are awesome, and I get them every time.  I'm also a fan of the well-spaced outdoor heaters in the winter.  I've found that some places put the heaters too far apart for me, and I always wind up in a cold spot, but not here!

Good selection of beer, good selection of food other than fish and chips, and nice dark ambiance inside.
This new restaurant has great potential to be a long-lasting college student/hipster hangout and beer joint.  Great ambiance for such.

But as far as the food goes, this place just doesn't do it.  I'm sure it's shooting for  the not-so-rich young crowd so it offers simple food that's mostly dough and very bland.

We had two pasties, both had very little actual filling and within the filling was very little actual meat.  Flavor was lacking to say the least.

The small cup of broccoli salad (comes with every pasty, I think), albeit fairly good with an Asian dressing, made no sense alongside Cornish pasties.

It may become a great place to hang out but if you're interested in really good food, this isn't the place.

Joe
As a British person I often find myself craving the food from back home. Never before have I been able to find a place that made pasties that were anything like those that I'm used to, mostly they are just an over-cooked, poorly pastried effort. This place though has it right. The pastry they use is perfect, the meat inside is cooked to perfection and the little tweaks on the standard recipe are well worth it. I had the Sagely Swine, the herbs used were perfect for the job, not too much, not too little. The red wine sauce on the side was perfect for dipping the pastry into making for a totally delicious meal. I wish I actually lived in SLO so I could visit this place more often.
I definitely like how low-key this place is. Most bars have "personalities" and this one has the kind of personality that I look for in a friend - cool, relaxed, and a lot of beer choices (?). There aren't sporting events on the TV, and it's always full of grad student type people, which I think makes sense.  Somehow. 

I got a grilled cheese sandwich here once, which was pretty good...but expensive. And okay, actually not that special. I don't know if I'd come back for the food.

The beer, however, is excellent. It is one of those places that takes the few extra minutes to pour your beer the RIGHT way, and they don't just slap a pint down on the bar and wander off. I will pay more for that service. 

When I went here recently, there was also a bizarre jeff bridges - tommy lee jones bomb squad movie on, that proved entertaining. One not so entertaining thing? Babies in the bar. Sorry, but isn't a bar like practically the only place you can go where there are almost invariably no children? And who brings a baby to a bar anyway? Find a babysitter, jeezzz! It must be hard to be a young parent, but that's no reason to depress all of us other young people who aren't tied down by bringing a crying baby to a place where people go to have fun. Am I right??
I don't even drink beer (unless I am somewhere where it seems inappropriate to drink anything else) but I enjoy this place because my friends love beer and I can bring my dog; and, I always have a great time.

My favorite time to be here is on a rainy night on the backyard covered patio.  I order a Guinness and Fish & Chips and daydream that I am in Ireland - nice 2 hour vacation with only a 10 minute drive.

The people that hang out here are very friendly.  We usually find ourselves chatting with a couple or group at the table/bench next to us; so, we usually move on over and free up a bench and make some new friends. Inside you will find hard wood floors and dark cozy booths and a great Jukebox.

I highly recommend this place for a Sun afternoon with friends or a book on the patio now that the weather is awesome....
The average-at-best order taker at the bar seemed a tad bit bored with being there, but the waitress was very nice and warm. The black bean soup was tasty, but very average due to it's incredibly watered down consistency. I also ordered fried mushrooms. I'm thinking Hill Country Fare store bought brand name style. Not awful by any means, but definitely not anything to call home about. They were a bit overcooked. The atmosphere is awesome. I love hanging out there, but this is the second time I've ordered food and been entirely underwhelmed. The last visit I ordered Scotch Eggs, and they too were 'meh'. Extremely small for the relatively high price. It's all very Applebee's style. Perhaps I'll try again. Two stars for food, four to five for the overall atmosphere. That gives you three.
I came here with some friends after dinner and I must say I was surprised at how much I enjoyed being in a cold dark basement. I am not really a Beer person but I had some Cider (cant think of the name sorry guys it was a sweet one though) and it was pretty good. They told me that a lot of the beer offered you don't find at a lot of other places so thats a plus. The waitress we had was nice and fast with the orders. You could play pool in the back if it was open and its just a very chill place to go and relax and get a buzz. I will be going back for lunch and do an update.  And if your there definitely get a picture inside the red telephone box....I wonder how much it is to make a collect call???
The fish and chips changed for the worse some time back, but the daily lunch specials are often quite interesting and delicious.  I also love the Caesar salad--with chicken.  It varies from day-to-day but the dressing is always nice and garlicky.
Out of all of the bars I've tried in Providence, this is hands-down the best for showing up with a big group. I've been here on a few occasions with groups of 8-16, and it's the kind of place that can really handle a group of this size. They have nice large tables where you can sit but that also allow for standing, so you can wander and mingle - that way you're not stuck talking to the 2-3 people around you and missing out on getting to even see the rest of the people you came with! The menu has a ton of variety and you can also order from the upstairs menu. Something for everybody, at every price point! I haven't been wowed by the food, but it's definitely solid. The drink list is exhaustingly extensive, there is no excuse for not finding something you'll enjoy. The food isn't good enough that I'd be tempted to go just for dinner, but anytime I have more than 3 friends who want to get together for drinks and food, this is where we're heading!
slightly on the more expensive side but where else can you find bangers, violet crunch, the whole selection of twillings teas, random sauces and mixes for a british throw-back... looking forward to trying out afternoon tea!