So you're out with your friends on a Friday or Saturday night having a good time. You get kicked out of the bar at 2am and need some food ASAP. McDonald's anyone? I'm not going to be so happy with that decision in the morning i'll bet. DP Dough has saved me literally once a week since it opened in Philadelphia. It seemed like all the big colleges had DP except the ones in Philly. Now we do! There is no questioning that they have the best food at 3am anywhere in West Philly especially considering I swore off eating Wawa's garbage almost 4 years ago. Get yourself DP'd with the quickness son...
Fast service for a take-out order after an evening at the local watering hole. 

Generous portions, easily could have fed two people from my single order. Rice and chicken dishes were very nice; paratha bread was a  bit too greasy for my liking.
Taste = 5 stars
Price/Portion = 2 stars

It's so close by, yet I've only gone here once.  I got slammed on a chicken dish.  I picked up a tiny tot of a tupperware full of chicken and sauce - delicious mind you- with some rice and na'an.  Na'an was extra, ok fine.  $10 for a wee tub o'chicken?   Homey don't play that.  

Make your own, or come here as a dainty treat where you're full but may feel bamboozled.
Here are the magic words: When ordering, either on Foodler or over the phone tell them very clearly: "I WANT TO SWEAT AND CRY WHEN I EAT".  You may not be getting "authentic" Indian food (at least according to most of the Indian folks I've spoken with - but at least you'll be able to perspire like one!  For those of us who like it painful, India Samraat is willing to give you what you want!
Went to India Samraat for my roommate's birthday. We were having a great time, the food was very good. When we got up to leave, my friend felt something on his foot. He looked down and realized he had stepped in one of the glue mouse traps that was apparently under the table. We tried to get it off his shoe but those things are tough! We called the manager over to let him know. While he was apologetic, he refused to reimburse my friend for his now ruined shoes. We had already paid and the manager did not offer any sort of compensation. No one wants a glaring reminder that there could be mice in the restaurant....and could be caught under the table at which you were just eating!! Something should have been done. We won't be going back there.
Best pizza in Amherst, bar none. Is that saying alot? Maybe, since most of the places are your average hole-in-the-wall college chain pizza (read: cheese-like substance on a disc-shaped piece of cardboard). NOT Sibies. They are well over and above what the other places offer, and pretty cheap to boot. Great family-made, organic whole wheat crust (or spinach) with a decent selection of toppings. Good special deals (two large cheese for 14.95, for example) and right across from the Moan and Dove, where you can bring your Sibies pizza and pair it with awesome beers (yes, they will let you order from Sibies from the phone at the bar). Fast delivery, friendly staff, cool place. Also, they have a wide range of subs and other delights (including Ben and Jerry's pints, should the mood strike you!) which are also pretttttty darn awesome. Like the Veggie burger blast...YUM. This is a counter-service only place but technically they have outdoor seating: a picnic table. Ok I want it right now. You should too.
I  don't know how you can operate a business like this, 
It is impossible to get anyone on the phone or via email and they have screwed up my order several times. 
I love how their message says thank you for shopping Cruelty Free... 
Ironic, cause this experience has been excruciating.
I still think this place is pretty good as far as the overall quality goes.  However, beware of the Naan: it's very pricey for what you get.  The quality of the Naan is not that great and the portions are extremely small.  Stick to the plain Naan or buy your own at Shaw's -- you will save yourself some money that way.
I was disappointed here. The concept and service was great- meaning getting healthy vegan food delivered to you in a prompt and professional manner is worthy of a star or two.

However, once thawed, warmed and consumed, the experience was not so great. Most of the food was tasteless- something that vegan food doesn't have to be.  I wonder if the freezing process does this, or if they are just a bit shy with the spices, garlic, salt and etc? The fettucini, for example, was just plain. Not bad tasting, but nothing-tasting. It could have been so easy to make it a little more flavorful. Or even add some nutritional yeast, or pieces of basil, or roasted garlic... I mean, there are options! Same goes for a number of the other dishes.

I'm a vegetarian who enjoys vegan cuisine and compared to my experience, the meals were overall a disappointment that left me foraging in my fridge for more. On the plus side, 2 were delicious (the chili and a seitan dinner). 

Even the tofu eggs could have had a bit more pizazz. I've made tastier ones myself so it is definitely possible!

I have a Groupon so I will try again and revise if needed.
This review is coming from a person who loves food and eats just about anything, especially when I don't have to cook - I don't even mind AIRPLANE FOOD!  I cannot recall any time in my life that I have thrown away food because it was so bad, until now.

First, the items were sent to me in a box with no packing list and no dry ice that I could see.  Even though we opened the package immediately after delivery, the food was all halfway thawed out and some items had leaked so all the bags were wet and sticky.  The labels were washed off so there were some items that I could not identify and a couple of bags had distrurbingly puffed up with air.  Still, I put everything in the freezer and hoped for the best.

My kids were so excited to see peanut butter cookies, but after taking a few bites handed them back to me saying they tasted "sour."  Actually, all the entrees had the same STRONG vinegar flavor and a disturbing effervescence to them, even things like hash browns, vegan egg scramble, and tortilla soup.

I am dumbfounded how they can take such simple ingredients (most items were just pinto beans and rice) and make them taste so bad.  It must be the mystery ingedient of "vegan spices" that was on most of the labels (the ones that were still legible).  I finally just had to give up and throw about half of the food away.
Waffling between 2 and 3 stars.  While I want to support vegan businesses, it seems a little disingenuous to pad my review because of that.  Hmm.  At any rate, I was excited to receive some Gobble Green food as a gift.  Here's what I did like:

--Chocolate chip cookies were among the best vegan cookies I've tried.  They had a great chewy texture.  My only criticism is that they vary too much in size and doneness.

--Chocolate cake.  Usually I like my cake partially frozen-- no joke.  But this was delicious warm.

--Tempeh & hash browns were tasty, and the "meat" and mushroom pie had good flavors (the texture was better once I toasted it for a few minutes).  I also liked the Kung Pao "chicken".  

Everything else was either too bland, had a strange flavor (ahem, mac & cheeze, I'm looking at you), or didn't hold up well to reheating.  The breakfast sausage/biscuit thing was especially baffling.  After microwaving, it was mushy, but then after toasting it for a few minutes, it became hard as a rock.  Pancakes were very dry.

It's worth noting that nothing looks like its photo on the website.  For example, once I cooked the Sweet Moroccan Fusion, it had the texture of a soup.  Whereas the photo shows something that looks more like a curry or a stir-fry.

Admittedly, I may not be in the target demographic for Gobble Green.  I live in an area where frozen vegan meals are available in most supermarkets, and I have the time to cook.  GobbleGreen could be a great thing for more isolated vegans and vegan-curious people, but I wouldn't recommend Gobble Green as an introduction to veganism.  You might be better off getting a simple vegan cookbook and trying your own hand at some tofu scrambles.

But, their name is really fun to say out loud.  Try it.
Oh god, this is gross. 

Save your money!! I want to get our money back but considering all of these negative customer reviews, I have a feeling that won't be happening.

Seriously, the food is inedible.
Sadly, my experience mirrors all of the other 1 star reviews.  Food promised on 3/26 - never received and multiple calls and e-mails have gone unanswered.  They seem to be a victim of having sold too many vouchers and can't keep up with demand.  They need a better online ordering system that allows the buyer to efficiently track when the order is shipping and when it is delivered.  Have had to request a refund
I ordered the chicken baryani. Unlike the place I tried in Berkeley, CA, it was not as spicy. For me, this wasn't neceessarily a bad thing (I don't like crying when I'm eating.) However, it would have been nice to have a little spiciness apart from the general mildness of the dish. The dried fruit in the dish had a kick to it and it was overall very tasty. I also tried the naan; I like these fatty Indian tortillas!

In regards to portions, you probably shouldn't come by yourself like I did. You could definitely get away with ordering what I did and sharing it with your petite lady friend, after a small appetizer :) I had to get a take-out bag afterwards. I also dropped a 20 spot! Definitely a once-in-a-while type of thing because of the price.
I LOVE this place.  I have never had a bad or sub-par meal here.  The owners are friendly and will answer all questions w/ a smile.
Went to Sola for the first time last week. Nicely tucked away on Sidney St in Central Square. Glad to have another lunch option in the otherwise repetitive and dismal M-F selection. Decided to go to Sola after co-workers recommendation and because I could get $3 off with Level Up since it was my first visit (which was pretty cool technology btw).

They keep their menu simple - they have about a dozen special sandwiches or you can make your own, all for the same price (less than $10). Fresh lunch meats, flavorful sauce. Friendly and jovial staff. Great bread selection. Get the onion roll! I think I made my own - pork, mozzarella, bbq sauce...yum.

I'll go back when I muster up the energy to walk to extra blocks.
This place is frankly disappointing, bordering shocking as to what they serve. We tried their chicken dhansak (shocking), rogan josh (bad), tandoori shrimp (bland and badly done), garlic nan (nothing garlicy about it and v dry) & mango lassi (average).

I was horrified at what they called chicken dhansak. Dhansak is a very unique dish prepared by blending together a mix of 7 different types of lentils and using specific sambar masala. Their dhansak was a nightmare. Basically a shoddy mixture of whole chickpea lentil  with chicken cubes! It must be served with fried rice that has been boiled in chicken broth and caramelised with sugar thus brown (but we got plain white boiled rice). Eww.

The Rogan josh was a bland concoction of cream and colour. Avoid.

There was nothing tandoori about their tandoori shrimp.

I would not waste my money here. Go elsewhere.
My boyfriend and I always get food from India Samraat to get our Indian food fix. Perfect for those nights you want to watch a movie on the futon but still have a good, warm, meal.

I've also used India Samraat for catering many times and they have always done a great job!
Located on Mass. Ave., two blocks from the Hynes Convention Center, this small Indian restaurant is tucked away in an indiscreet building, sandwiched between a trendy cupcakery and a trendier upscale restaurant.  The floor space was well decorated with Indian tapestries and a TV playing the latest Bollywood music videos.  The setting was intimate, with perhaps at most 12 tables, although on this Tuesday no more than two tables were taken at any given time.  The wait staff was incredibly attentive, courteous, and offered great recommendations based on our preferences (though the Indian waiter surely has a different definition of "spicy" than I do, as my mild dish still caused my nose to run).  Perhaps most important, the food was superb (I waited in an Indian restaurant in college, so I think I have a good sense of good and bad Indian).  We had the standard fare: mango lassi, vegetable samosas, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, chicken kandhari--all of which tasted great and came in fair portions.  Finally, the pricing is also very fair.  Our dinner for two cost just over $40 including tip (no alcoholic drinks).  We ate a la carte, although a prix fixe dinner for two is offered for only $22.  The clientele this restaurant would please could range from college students to hipsters to families to older couples, although I can't imagine finding any hotshot i-bankers or the like dining here.
I went here last night for dinner and I have to say I am a fan of their food. I had chicken Jalfrazie and it was spiced nicely with good flavor. I like that there is free naan and tea with dinner, however I do think their prices for dinner were a bit steep (around $12). Their atmosphere is very casual as it looks like it is a family owned business. I will definitely be back here for lunch when their prices are around $6-8 per dish.
bought the groupon, thought i used it, guess i didnt, had to call groupon to get it done. so i waited & waited, no response from gg, called talked to a girl, she said id rec'v an email, waited & waited 10 days...nothing, called groupon, they said theyd had many complaints and the best way to contact was an email add that they gave me so i did that, waited, waited, weeks... NO CONTACT AT ALL
finally groupon gave me a refund.
THIS MERCHANT SUCKS.
Ordered from here after Rianna's wedding, $60 of food delivered on a Sunday night. Delivery did indeed take the hour they said it would, but they were very nice about my friend's paying with an Irish credit card over the phone. The delivery dude called me "ma'am" when he came to the door, which caused a mild internal freakout as to how I'm not getting any younger, but that's not his fault.

Post-fancy-schmancy wedding food, all we really wanted to do was tuck into some greasy, fuck-it-all Indian, and we were pleasantly surprised when everything was delicious without being submerged in a clear orange pool of death. The "hot" saag aloo wasn't so much, but I finished it the next morning for breakfast, so hey. REALLY nice garlic naan- enough garlic to taste it, but not so much that it detracted from the intended purpose of the flatbread or the dishes it's meant to sop up. 

Yeah. Yum but not mind-blowing.
What a horrible experience.  I don't usually write reviews on here, but this was so terrible that I felt an obligation to let others know so that they can save their money and not make the same mistake I did.

First of all the costumer service is terrible.  It takes days for them to respond.  Once they do respond they don't solve the problem.  They shipped my delivery to the wrong address twice and on the wrong date once, even after very clear communication on my part.  

Second the food is terrible.  Vegan food can actually be really tasty.  I enjoy cooking and have made great vegan food, but thought it would be nice to have a weeks worth of meals delivered to me.  Big mistake.  The food was extremely bland.  There was a shocking lack of vegetables for vegan food (the seitan and broccoli had four tiny pieces of broccoli in it for example) and I found I had to make a side of vegetables or a salad to go with every meal.  Some of the dishes were so lacking in flavor that I had to add things like soy sauce or barbecue sauce just to make them edible.  Most of the dishes had the same mushy texture.  I am a foodie and have a lot of experience with good food and their are pubs that make better vegan food than this.

Beyond that part of being vegan is a respect for the environment.  The food showed up in a box lined with styrofoam and every meal was packaged in plastic.  In this day and age there are much more environmentally friendly choices for packaging.

Overall, the most disappointing use of my money in a long time.  If you are looking for quick and easy vegan food you are better off going to the freezer section at Whole Foods.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!! I too, fell victiim to this company, or scam, whatever you want to call it. I bought the living social deal back in January. Never received the shipment. I have called and emailed countless times with no response- BUT they update their facebook page daily! After leaving a demeaning post on their facebook wall I got a phone call within minutes!! How interesting huh? They can go on facebook but can't respond to a customer inquiring about where the heck their order is! Whomever called me apologized (whatever) and said they reinstated the order- but one week later and I STILL haven't received anything- as you can see from the date of this post it is now March!! So three months later and nothing!!. Definitely buyer beware of this company. I was able to get a refund through livingsocial- thank God. They should be shut down- hopefully they will get whats coming to them- KARMA is a beyotch!!
LIVING SOCIAL DEALS BEWARE!!!!!   I have now been waiting a month with no response from the company and a run around from living social.   I placed my order on 2.12.12 and it still says "processing" in the status of my order.  it's now 3.20.12.   Living social has been less than helpful and i think i'm done with deals from them as well.  WTH?   I picked this service because i'm in med school and wanted extra support during finals.  I placed the order a month early so i could just throw the food in the freezer and use it as needed.  But finals are here and no food.   GRRRRR. I've emailed them twice with no response and called them only to find an automated run around.   Never again.
For being a Best of Boston winner (several times?) this place fell way short of expectations, even if it were a run-of-the-mill restaurant.  It was my first (and last) time visiting, with a restaurant.com certificate in hand.  We were promptly seated on arrival but that was probably the high point of the evening.  Multiple orders were not taken properly, one place setting was devoid of silverware and a clean napkin (clean being the operative word) and when it came time to split the check among a few people the waiter's response was less of "Yes, let me help you with that." and more along the lines of "Fine.  I'll do it but I'm very inconvenienced by it.".  I agree with other Yelpers in saying that the food was fine though not worth a repeat performance when you have much better options in the area (India Quality and Punjabi Dhaba are my favorites).  When providing  the management with a constructive bit of written feedback (similar to the above but more formal and less candid) about the experience (as I would truly like them to improve) their response indicated to me that they didn't understand the value of good service in positively coloring one's experience.  Very disappointing.
I've had the opportunity to try India Samraat a few different times on multiple recent visits to Boston. 

I really like this place and the people are so nice. They really took care of us well and I don't have a single suggestion for improvement or any complaints at all! 

The only one thing I'd say - please consider opening a branch in Chicago!
I was a little disappointed in the food. Everything tasted like my mouth was on fire. The waistress was the sweetest woman ever.
Our go to Indian restaurant was closed yesterday when we wanted takeout, so we picked this place since it had the best reviews on Foodler...

The food came super fast and was still piping hot. The naan was decent (despite some negative reviews on Yelp), and the rice was very fragrant... but the chicken tikka masala was underwhelming. I can't think of another word to describe it. It didn't stand out as wonderful, but it wasn't that bad either.

Overall, not bad for the price and for the service when our go-to was closed... not sure it'd be top of my list though.
Great calzones. A little too much bread for my taste, and I think they could have more filling, but overall they're solid meals, and the dough itself is pretty tasty. Lots of different options to choose from and with dipping sauce included, I think this place is a reasonable place to get a quick meal.
Just wanted to point out that some of the 5 star reviews are so OBVIOUSLY written by employees of Gobble Green (and have since been filtered by Yelp--told ya!).  Some people had issues with customer service, others didn't (I didn't)...but we all, as humans, can agree that aside from the desserts, this food is simply not good.
Add me to the list: bought a Living Social deal, tried to redeem, found they wouldn't ship for voucher customers for a month... but if I ordered at least $25 of additional food, they'd treat me like a real customer.

Only they didn't.

I haven't waited as long as some people who've posted here, but their website promised a delivery time frame. When it didn't happen, I contacted them and they promised me a shipping date. That hasn't happened.

Between the scheduling blackmail on the front end and the broken promises and bad customer service on the other, this has been a learning experience of the worst kind.

Learn from my mistake. Don't support this business.
Great Indian food-- I am a vegetarian so I can't speak for the meat, but their food is very well cooked.  The second best Indian place in Boston (I am partial to A Passage to India--but I haven't eaten at all of them) and if you are a good customer they will offer you food off the menu (their Baingan Bharta is very good and NOT on the menu--they do serve it most days, though).  

Anyway, they are the best that delivers to me!  Starting to get hungry for their malai kofta and their vegetable curry.  Just sitting here, getting hungry.
I'm taking 1 star right off the top because this is another 1 of THOSE places that has either can sodas or 2 liters and no fountains. I started to pick up a drink at Fresh Grocer down the street, but it was too crowded. I figured how bad could it be? I got a 2 liter and a couple of cups (1 for a friend).

Eh, this place was alright. I tried the pesto chicken calzone and I really liked the idea, but not so much the execution. I think it needed more sauce and more seasoning. I was pleased though that they let me add bacon for free. Also, I would've enjoyed it more if they had sturdier forks. My fork was all bent up. And seating was sparse. There's enough room for about 5 people.

I probably won't be back since I don't frequent this area. I do respect that they had a recycling bin in there. I always recycle given the chance.
World's best samosas, apparently.  Try as I might, I can't find samosas that parallel those from India Samraat.  Sigh.
I'd like to offer an update to my horrible experience with Gobble Green. After the original fiasco of a delivery and yelp review, I finally got in touch with their customer service through Facebook. I had called their customer service line countless times but only got a response back after a public post on their Facebook page, which they then removed. I'll make a long tortuous story short. They scheduled me for 3 additional confirmed delivery dates over the course of 2 months, offering excuses after each when they did not ship. I've still never received any food and finally got in touch with Groupon who kindly refunded me with a Groupon credit. 
I've now done research into this company since I've had so many issues. It seems like the issues I've had with them is common practice, the food is so-so when not rancid upon arrival and they tend to ship incorrect items (non-gluten free with gluten free orders (!), etc). Beware. Please spare yourself the hassle and possible sickness.
Delicious sandwiches! I love the fresh carved turkey and all the great topping offerings like jalapeno relish. The rolls are fantastic and the pasta salad side is memorable with pesto and sun-dried tomatoes. 

I found their menu on Menu Pages so I thought I'd share the link here just in case you're interested in checking it out.

http://boston.menupages.com/restaurants/sola-cafe/menu
Gee, I wish I could actually rate the food - but it HASN'T BEEN SENT YET! Some friends and I bought the Living Social deal for another friend of ours, a vegan who's undergoing cancer treatment. We figured she'd be too tired to cook, so this would be something she'd appreciate. 

Well, we too got the email that if we wanted to pay $25 more, we could have an earlier shipment date - otherwise it would be 5 weeks later. Fine, whatever. The food was supposed to be sent 3/26, which would have been when our friend was finishing up her radiation treatment, so she'd be happy to not have to cook. Nothing showed up. Then they said 4/2. Again, nothing, and this time they won't respond to emails or phone calls asking when they food WOULD be sent. So now we have no idea when - or even if - the food will be sent to our friend.

I can understand a company being overwhelmed by the response to a groupon-type deal - but this company KEEPS offering these deals! But they can't handle the ones they've already had! So really, wtf?

Editing to add - my friend has taken to posting on their Facebook page, nothing rude, just asking them to please reply to her emails or phone calls. And they keep DELETING her posts! So if you see nothing but positive posts on their Facebook page, that's why.
It's a little drive for RPI students, but their burgers are the BEST deals ever.  My friends and I would frequent here for their burgers all the time.  They keep it very simple, but for 5 bucks you get a nice 1/2lb burger and fries.  I always got the bacon cheeseburger, and asked for a side of bbq sauce, which they gave for free.  Now that I live near DC, I dearly miss the price of this simple, yet well cooked burger.

The place has LCD tvs, service is medicore, and parking can be tight...but seriously their burger deals are well worth it.
I'm just severely disappointed with Gobble Green.  My food arrived without any prior notice and the box was missing the five additional items I had ordered.  At least I was in town and could get the food.  

However, I am still waiting to hear back from customer service regarding the missing items that were charged to my credit card.  Eight days and counting for any response to my online request.  And forget about using the phone to reach anyone in customer service.  Sadly I gather that my experience is par for the course.
I tried a weeks worth of food through Living Social. After having had to wait a few weeks after our promised delivery date and several calls and emails to the company, the food finally arrived. Their muffins were absolutely horrible and pack a whopping 300 plus calories per muffin. They were greasy and pasty...had to throw it out. The cookies were stale (much better microwaved before you eat them) and one Peanut Butter cookie had a burnt bottom. I thought their Sweet Moroccan Fusion, Ocean Medley Stew, Chickpea Breakfast Scramble, Ginger Thai Salad was delicious. Avoid at all costs the Cashew Pesto Pasta; after defrosting and reheating, the pasta was a big mush.
I have been on a kick this week to try new cafes for breakfast. It's my favorite meal and I love a good latte. I saw Sola and thought - why not? I didn't eat here but am posting so other scone and latte lovers know they have no scones - or baked goods of any kind really and it didn't seem like they had lattes either. If you want a bagel it seems good, but if you're on the same mission as me, go elsewhere.
Ok sandwich. I do hate the fact that they are proud of their 'hand crafted' sandwiches. As supposed to what? 'foot crafted'? Mass ave at Sidney is like an epicenter for these kind of amateurish businesses (Luna, Mariposa, Sola). Mariposa had a sign reading 'yes people, everything is home made!!'. I have a few problems with this: a) it is NOT home made, this is not your home, this is your business. b) if by 'home made' you mean 'made here', well it better be, since this is a f------ bakery!! It's like someone told all these people 'OMG your cupcakes are so good! You should open a business!' And they believed it.
Overpriced, small portions. worst of all, the food didn't even taste good. My friend got like four shrimp in her dish, I got six pieces of lamb or so in my entrée. Ugh. The Lassi I ordered was decent, the only good part about this restaurant. Not Coming Back.
Ordered from here last night via Foodler.com, spurred on by free delivery and a 15% off first order offer. Even without the discount, it's a good value and they beat the estimated delivery time by a good 15 minutes (not sure if that's kudos for Foodler or India Samraat or both).

Both my husband and I ordered Chicken Tikka Saag--mine mild and his hot. My mild version still had a nice flavor and enough spice to make it interesting. He actually would have preferred his hot version as little spicer, so maybe we could write-in "extra hot" on the order comments next time. It had a nice consistency as well and good, tender chunks of chicken. 

I can't say it was my favorite Indian meal of all time (or favorite version of Chicken Tikka Saag), but for a delivery meal, it exceeded my expectations.
Definitely some good Indian food....but definitely not as cheap as some other places around the City.  Had the Chicken Vindaloo and thought it was wonderful (though not as much heat as i expected)  and agreed with others that their Naan was nothing amazing.  Also go for the Raita...that stuff is reallllly good.  

All in all a very solid option, albeit a little pricey for Indian food.
I did a group coupon from gather green and agree with many of the reviewers below - I wouldn't order again at ANY price! I've thrown away EVERY entree I've tried. Disgusting food. Cashew Pesto Pasta is like eating lumps of wallpaper paste. Kung Pao 'Chikn" weird flavor and texture and veggies over done and over sauced. 2 bites and in the trash.  Thai Salad - 1 bite and in the trash. Seriously bad.

Some of the cookies and the blueberry muffin are ok - but bakery items are NOT what I order a meal delivery service for!

I've ordered from just about every meal delivery service out there and this one and Zone Delivery USA are the only 2 that are bad enough to post warnings about. 

Next on the list will be the Paleta..praying it's better than this garbage!
So far, this place has the best Indian food in the Boston area.  We walked in at about 9:30 on Saturday night and despite the fact that the restaurant was basically empty, they were very gracious in seating us.  I had the vegetable biryani, which I really enjoyed.  It had a ton of spices which lingered on my palette and the rice was sticky, which I love.
My review is as bad as everyone elses'.   My coworker got one a the daily deals earlier this year and shared some of the food with me.  I thought it was okay enough for what it is, and when I had surgery in June I was looking for a food service so we wouldn't all starve under my husband's questionable grocery shopping skills.   I had to have a restricted diet, and he has a track record of going to the store and only bringing back veggie dogs and chips and dip (yuck to all that).

Three months later, no food has been delivered, but my credit card is still being charged monthly.   Not cool!
Disgusting!
Tasteless, Bland, Horrible and Lazy.
Empty and pointless.
a failure. tap water has more flavor.
I plan to use a herbal eliminator to 
rid my body of their Spinner and Strike Zone.
I suggest bulimia as a complimentary dessert.
A tiny pizza place right across the street from the Moan and Dove... wheat crust should you prefer it... fresh toppings and plenty of them... overworked but pleasant staff... unbelievably fair prices with great coupons available... reliably well made - simply great, every time...

Pick yourself up a pizza or two from Sibies and, as there is no real seating in the pizzeria itself, wander across the street to the aforementioned Moan and Dove... settle down in a booth for countless hours of pleasant socializing that will leave you heady with joie de vivre... pair your pizza with Allagash White on draft for that extra special touch of awesome...

Or just take the thing home and have it last you for meal after delicious meal...

Either way, if you are eating pizza in or around Amherst... make this the place...
This is a crazy long review, but I just had to get out my story.

What a mess!  This company really needs to get their act together.  The groupon voucher I ordered said nothing about them being able to ship me my starter kit WHENEVER THEY FELT LIKE IT!  I found out after I placed the order that they weren't going to ship me my order for 1.5 months!!  BUT -- if I purchase another $15 worth of product I can get my starter kit shipped the next week.  What a scam.  I do it anyway because I had already pre-planned my groceries to expect this delivery. Only to find out that my $15 order had a $25 shipping on top of it.  Then I get an email saying they messed up and wouldn't be able to ship out my order the following week--I wouldn't get it until 2 weeks later.  I finally get it and it's the wrong order.  It's some other woman's order.  And my extra $15 order that I purchased in order to get my starter kit right away is totally missing.  I end up getting that the next day (totally unexpected, never got a fedex number for that package) but it's still only about 75% correct (several missing or wrong items).  So I try calling to speak to a customer service rep and their hotline doesn't have a waiting line.  If nobody answers (and they never do) your only option is to leave a voicemail.  I do, nobody calls.  I try again, nobody calls.   I send an email and finally they do something right - they get back to me right away. They apologize and say they are going to ship me my correct package right away and because of my troubles they'll double my order free of charge.  I get a fedex notice a couple days later and after waiting a week it never leaves the facility.  I had pretty much given up on them and then after another week I get a totally unexpected new fedex number which eventually does ships.  I get it today and the food is completely thawed and not at a safe temperature anymore (55deg F).  So I need to throw it out.  And the shipment was supposed to be 2 starter kits, but it was only 1 plus a couple other random items.  And to make matters worse, my 7-day breakfast/lunch/dinner starter kit had TONS of duplicates.  You'd assume you would get 7 unique breakfasts, 7 unique lunches and 7 unique dinners but I actually have the same lunch listed on day 2,5 and 7 (for example).  There are probably 5 different meals that are all in duplicate or triplicate across the 7-day period.  Several of the baked goods are totally burnt and some of the items that are supposed to come with rice are missing the rice. The oatmeal that's supposed to come with berries is missing the berries...  I also want to mention that several of the vacuum-sealed packages are always leaking which makes all of the packages wet and sticky.

Shipping/packaging/tracking/customer service issues aside...  Let's talk about the food.  I'd say about 20% of the food is actually good.  Another 40% is edible but not very good (add a lot of hot sauce).  And the final 40% is so gross I ate a few bites and threw it out.  Some of the portions are fine, but some are just tiny.  Some of the cold salad-type lunches are about the size of a side of cole slaw.  I've never seen anybody eat a lunch this small.  It has to be supplemented with either another meal or food from home.  Having to eat two gobblegreen meals then takes what was maybe an $8 entree to be a $16 entree.  And for the size of a side of coleslaw, that's just no longer reasonable.  I've also found that the nutrition labels are all the same from package to package even though the serving size is totally unpredictable.  I have one item that is 30% bigger than another "same" item and they'll both be the same number of calories.  And then other ones that just don't make any sense.  The oatmeal packages they send are about 5 times bigger than a normal serving of oatmeal but are supposedly only around 200 calories.  I would estimate that the package of oatmeal they send is closer to 1000 calories.  That was for my first package.  The new one I received today the packages of oatmeal about 50% smaller than the first time around yet still say 200 calories.
Really hit and miss.  soup was so salty it had to be thrown out.  Seriously, less than 20% of the food was passable.5% good, 75 were non-starters, or thrown out after one or two bites.
I've only gotten delivery from this place, so I can't comment on the restaurant experience. They have very yummy and inexpensive Indian food! I love the Fish Masala and the onion naan (full of cilantro, so it's perfect for cilantro lovers like me!). 

If you live within delivering distance of India Samraat, I definitely recommend ordering from them!
Another update... here is the email I received from my missing item(s) on my order.  

"I apologize for this inconvenience but it is our policy to not only ship a few items. It is not environmentally friendly nor cost effective. So please let us know when you do place the order and we will make sure we get these to you."

So apparently me paying for something and them not shipping it is not environmentally friendly and not cost effective.  It seems as if they have the worst customer service of any company I have ever dealt with.
Like many others, I used a livingsocial voucher for a sampler/intro pack. I'm not vegan, but I am lazy/busy so this seemed like a good way to get meals for lunch or after a long day of work. They gave me the run around when I e-mailed with questions. My order shipped out 1 week later than it was scheduled to ("There was a problem with fedex" - really...there was a problem with fedex that made you not reply to my e-mail for 5 days?) but arrived safe and sound. 

Right out of the box I had issues. The packaging - it's atrocious. Half of the meals were stuck together in a gigantic frozen clump. I had to run them under water for 10 minutes to separate them for storage. When the meals were packaged and frozen, they were not laid out carefully, because of this the packages are frozen solid into crazy blob shapes and very hard to empty for heating. Heating in plastic baggies is a big no-no and getting them out without additional work is a gigantic chore.

I paid "half price" for my order and still felt like I did not get a decent value. Portions are fairly small. None of the meals include any exotic ingredients at all. The breakfasts were a joke - it takes longer to defrost their oatmeal  than it takes to make your own! Thankfully, most of the meal choices are easily bulked up with some rice or more beans. I didn't notice anything particularly salty or incredibly nasty (except for the oatmeal raisin cookies, which were basically cardboard). On the other hand, nothing tasted good. Everything needed a generous application of pepper, hot sauce, garlic, ANYTHING to make it interesting.

Basically, there is absolutely nothing convenient about these pre-made meals. You could make their equivalents buying frozen vegetables, minute rice cups, canned beans, and some spices. Run, don't walk,  away.
During college, I must have ordered delivery from India Samraat nearly 100 times.  They have a $20 minimum or something for delivery but most of the other indian restaurants have an even higher minimum.  The prices there are cheaper than most other indian restaurants as well.  They have your standard selections.  I always end up with the Aloo chole and some samosas.
Very good (authentic) Indian food. I've only done take out, so can't comment on the service.
I stopped in to grab lunch and was less than impressed with my turkey club. The turkey meat was moist but the sandwich was not worth the 8.95 I paid. Very overpriced for a sandwich on a roll. 11 and some change with a drink.
I wish I could rate this 0 stars.

I was so excited about trying this. I am a vegetarian and work really late hours. My husband is a vegan who can't cook. Gobble Green seemed like the perfect idea for when I was going out of town for a week. 

I bought 2 Groupon vouchers for starter kits. The website wouldn't accept my voucher codes. When I used the on-line chat, GG said I had to email the company. When I emailed the company, I told them my code didn't work and received no response.  

I complained to Groupon and they had no luck either. Groupon required me to keep sending emails to GG for 2 weeks asking how I could get valid codes. Once, GG emailed me to ask what the problem was. I told them my code didn't work. They never responded. I had enough of the BS and got Groupon to just refund my money.

So I have no idea how good/bad the food was since I never got it. I'm so glad I didn't buy directly from the company because I have no doubt, I would have been ripped off.

Worst customer service ever. 

(PS - I think those "5" star ratings look awfully suspicious.)
I have a confession: I've never actually eaten inside the restaurant.

Ok, now that that's out of the way, I can get down to business - the food. Like Daniel S., I developed my food-relationship with this place through Foodler.com. It's pretty cool that of the numerous Indian options they have available on the site, India Samraat is usually one of the ones with a special offer of some sort - always welcome. 

Still, regardless of deals and goodies, the food is excellent. The price leans towards those of the nicer Indian places in the city rather than the hole-in-the-wall type, but that's just fine because you get what you pay for and it's still great. It's still not always as satisfying as my favourite, Kashmir, but Kashmir comes along with elegance and atmosphere. For me, this place is all about the food only. 

The people that I've spoken to from the restaurant itself have always been very polite and friendly, the delivery is efficient and the stuff always arrives still hot. Yay! It's full of flavour and very tasty, and the curry sauces are not too watery yet not too thick. The naan is never too dry and never has had that cardboardey feel. Portion sizes are good, and overall, I really enjoy eating from here. Maybe I'll make it inside the actual restaurant someday, when I can roll myself off my sofa and into their doors (ok I'm really quite healthy and decently fit. Really.) Mmm, I'd like some now though.
I lived there for a couple years, and ordered from them all the time. The pizza was fairly average, but I loved their sandwiches, and I ordered them all the time with fries and soda. Chicken parm, turkey, etc... I miss them. I also got calzones, which were a substantial size at a great price. Lots of memories associated with this place, I should stop by again.
Exact same issue as Preston A. below.  I just got my refund from Groupon.  What a way to run a business!
Not ready for prime time. On a Saturday afternoon they were already out of tea. They are more like a fast food joint lacking tableware. The food was just okay, nothing memorable. Hopefully they will
Improve.
Authentic flavors...inconsistent performance!!!

I've ordered from from here a few time. The first few times I was impressed with the flavorful food that pretty much came close to my grandmother's cooking. The next couple of tries, I was pretty disappointed. The food was somewhat uncooked and just not what I expected. 

Their samosas have been the most consistent and incredibly satiating. It will continue to my go to spot for samosas. Note that you have to ask for the accompnaying sauces...which is pretty annoying. 

Additionally, their desserts just plain suck!!!! Rice pudding was the absolute worst I've had in years. 

All in all, some of the dishes are authentic and delicious...consistency is something the chef needs to strive for...it's 3 star at best.
Best Indian food I've had in Boston (thus far!)  We ordered through Foodler, which gives you 15% off your first order.  The only reason I can't give the restaurant a full "5 stars" is because it took awhile for the delivery on a standard Sunday night.  Although, when the food arrived it was still really hot!  

Chicken Bhunna- Definitely good! And you can choose from 3 levels of "curry spiciness"  The naan is amazing and the gulab jamun is my new favorite dessert!
I'm a little bit of a samosa snob, and these were pretty good, although they could have been a little crispier.
All things considered, we will definitely be ordering from here again!
I could eat jollof rice and plantain for days on end~breakfast, lunch and dinner!  I like the food a lot and often get "pans of rice and plantain."  I think the prices are also better than at the Jamaican restaurants.  My cousin loves meatpie and says it's pretty good there. I often place an order and pick up so I can't comment on ambience etc
Truly excellent sandwiches made with high-quality components and best of all, delicious home-made relishes. I had the roast turkey which tasted like it had just been carved. It came with herb mayo and cranberry and was deeeee-lish. My friend had the roast beef with cheddar and this was similarly excellent. They are substantial sandwiches too. Would definitely recommend this place. Lovely staff too.
The testing Zone with breaded chicken, pesto, and mozzarella was solid but a little bland. The end zone with steak, mozzarella, peppers, and onions fared better. The shell is decent without being too doughy which is key in a calzone. they are open pretty late so it's a good option if you're hungry and sick of takeout and typical slices.
Ordered a calzone with chicken, peppers, and onions. The filling tasted like something out of a hot pocket. Very bland and mass produced like it is all shipped to the store pre chopped, cooked, and mixed. Luckily it was pretty cheap, so I can't complain too much. Just was not what I was hoping for.
Customer services lacks sometimes but wings are Amazing!!! I get them sent thru the oven twice for ultimate crispyness. I also got the chance to meet the owner who was super cool! When I told him about Yelp to rec'd the discount, he gave me a free card to try the calzone. Pretty Sweet!
I've been to DP Dough a few times as a walk-up order and have never had to wait more than 10 minutes for one of their delicious Zones. For full disclosure, I typically order on my way home after getting off the El around 7 pm. I know they're open late, which is awesome for some customers, but I enjoy their food best as a dinner option. 

Just about any Zone that you purchase will be generously-sized with a side of marinara dipping sauce. Look below the counter for their special calzone of the week/month/moment; sometimes it may be a Zone off the regular menu or it may be a new Zone that they're offering.

I just enjoyed a Powell Zone, which is a calzone the size of two hands, stuffed with breaded chicken, bacon, hot sauce, ranch dressing/sauce, and American cheese (I substituted with mozzarella cheese). 

The premise of this business is based on customization of their flagship product - the calzone. Take a moment to review the giant wall menu in-store and order up a Zone; if you enjoy pizza or calzones, you'll be in doughy heaven.
Just got back from eating here for the first time. I have to say that this is pretty good.
I had the Chicken Vindaloo and it was good. The description said that it was 'VERY HOT' but I think it was just 'hot' but I don't always need to have my lip burn after a meal. The rice was very good and the Nan was very good. 
They had a Nan sampler called the Bread Basket. If you are a fan of Nan, get it.
The restaurant is a bit small, but as long as you don't have more than 6-8 people you should be fine. 
Bonus points for the Indian 'MTV' playing on the flat screen.
I still love Gobble Green and have spent a ton of money with them over the months, but there's always some kind of problem. Most recently, I had ordered a gluten free kit, but they didn't send me the GF one. Amazingly, this is not the first time this happened. They always offer to fix the problem, but I'm starting to be bummed out with the problems to begin with.

They change their recipes pretty regularly, too, it seems - not always for the better. Two different meals I used to love have become inappropriately spicy. The previously fluffy, delightful muffins are now rock-hard and dense. When I contacted them about meal spicy-ness (and sent them a photo of one meal that contained over a cup -- a CUP -- of shredded jalapeno when jalapeno was not even listed as an ingredient!!) they stood by their recipe and claimed it wasn't spicy by their standards. (After they didn't admit to a problem the first time, I didn't contact them about the second one.)

I once asked them to please delay shipment of a huge order I placed because I still have a freezer full of a food, but they didn't.
I once had to ask them 3 times to send a meal I had ordered but hadn't received.

Their customer service is incredibly friendly and sweet, and they always want to make it up to me somehow when they mess up, I just wish that things ran a little more smoothly over there. I don't want to be on a first name basis because of order troubles!

That said, when I get the food I'm supposed to get and it's fresh (ie not ballooned up in its pouch, it is almost always delicious. Also, I kind of get a kick out of playing with the dry ice they use for shipment.
I had dinner here recently based on Yelp reviews ranking this place as the top Indian restaurant in Boston (even over India Quality).  While the food was good, and very reasonably priced, this place wasn't quite as good as I expected.  The service, on the other hand, was amazing!  Our waiter was kind and attentive, and the food arrived just minutes after we ordered.  The highlight of the meal was the India Samraat Special Naan stuffed with mango, raisins, and some sort of nuts. The naan and the samosas were delicious.  The sauce for my chicken tikki masala was just OK, and the portion sizes were a bit on the small size.  Overall, it was a good meal, and I'll certainly go back again..
I did the Groupon thing and have never has such poor customer service as this place.  First I had to wait a month from the initial order.  Then the package never arrived.  I contacted customer service (It's impossible to talk to someone on the phone) over email and it took 5 days to get a response.  They said it shipped and I just needed to wait.  Frozen meals that take over 5 days in the mail are not going to be good.  I waited and nothing.  I contacted them again and they said the order got messed up and were reshipping.  

I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANYTHING AND IT"S BEEN OVER 2 MONTHS!

This company is a SCAM!  

DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
I want to give India Samraat 5 stars, but I'll wait until I've had their food again. I ordered from them for delivery through Foodler on a whim last night. I was extremely pleased with everything we ordered.

The lentil soup was fantastic, with a nice amount of heat and good texture. The coconut soup was strange but good. Sweet with cardamom and coconut meat and milk, I preferred this after my meal (and in between to cool the heat of the other dishes). The vegetable samosas were great- not to greasy and actually having good flavor and spice instead of the insipid potato filled globs you get at most places.

The rogan josh and aloo matar were both fantastic. We ordered "medium" heat for both and were really happy with the results- definitely no getting white-personed! The medium at India Samraat was hotter than some places hot (I'm looking at you, Desi Dhaba). And the rice! The rice! I don't think I've ever gotten such beautifully aromatic basmati from delivery in the Boston area.

Finally, the speed of delivery and temperature of food was fantastic. We got our order delivered to Cambridge in just 45 minutes (most Foodler orders from within Cambridge can take an hour or more), and the food was fresh and hot! I'm really looking forward to ordering again, or even stopping by the restaurant.
Chicken Biryani was awesome-- flavorful, spicy but not too spicy, and had  generous amounts of chicken, golden raisins and nuts.

Chicken curry was ok-- not bad, but nothing to write home about.  Perhaps a tad on the greasy side,  but it included plenty of rice. 

Naan was good, and one order includes two pieces, yay! 

Delivery was fast & friendly.  Prices were comparable to other Indian places in the area.  

First order through foodler gets you 15% off!
I have always wanted to have healthy, tasty good food delivered to my house. So I went for it with the Gobble Green company. 
I am so glad that I did. What a great service. I am new to being a vegetarian and needed some help. I wanted to make sure I was doing it the healthy way. This service was perfect! 
Also it has really helped in my losing some weight. I needed to lose about 20 lbs and after a couple weeks of this service and I am seeing the weight come off in a healthy way. 
The food is amazing. It didn't taste like prepackaged food. It tasted like someone just cooked it up in my kitchen. Alot of time prepackaged food is loaded with salt....nope not this. Which is good. There is too much salt in our diets today. The Vegetable Stir Fry Quinoa is one of my favorites. I also like the Kung Pao "Chicken" with brown rice. SOOO GOOD. 
The price for what you get is also a good value. Overall I am very impressed with this service. I would recommend it to anyone who wants the convenience of having great food delivered right to your door and anyone who wants to eat healthy.
Sola cafe seem a tad expensive for a sandwich shop until you realize that all their food is handmade, fresh and DELICIOUS! I go there a few times a week just to order their ice coffee to go. The last few months had been cold and I am sure they prepare fresh ice coffee for me . . . Maybe 1 other person. 

Try out Sola Cafe! They serve both lunch and breakfast!
eh. it's not all that great. 
if you haven't eaten all day...and you've never had a good calzone...then this might fit the bill.
the "dough" is bland. really tasteless. 
it's as though they've just added a ton of dried oregano and basil to jar sauce.
my friend ordered a side of sauce they charged us for but didn't bring.
all around a disappointing experience.

they are admittedly HUGE! so i suppose they're going with the quantity over quality route.
Starting with the bottom line first:  If a company cannot successfully meet the demand of a Groupon buy, they should not participate in the Groupon!   Beyond that, I'm a 3-year vegan and have plenty of experience with vegan restaurants and cooking.  I would only classify 1/3 of the meals as delicious.  1/3 were mediocre and 1/3 were inedible.  Yet another unsatisfied user.

Continuing on with some details:  Gobble Green has THE WORST customer service.  I thought these frozen meals would be great for my busy work schedule, so I purchased the deal, thinking that I could schedule the meals to arrive the week before I went out of the country on a big month-long trip.  It took three weeks to receive any correspondence from Gobble Green after I placed my order, and at that point they said the meals were scheduled to leave their warehouse another 3 weeks after that because they were overwhelmed by the Groupon response.  That put delivery right smack dab in the middle of my trip abroad.  I asked them to reschedule and received no response.  A week later, I followed up with another email and the reply came 2 days later than the meals were now scheduled to arrive the week AFTER I had requested.  Still not ideal, but I just wanted my meals at this point - two months after my initial order.  The meals finally arrived - 3 days later than the email said - and I was sorely disappointed.  Two of the meals were not properly shrink wrapped and were severely freezer burnt, the alfredo dish was tasteless, and a few of the dishes arrived past their marked expiration date. I called and emailed to report the issue with no response whatsoever.  Not worth even the discounted price!
For a neighborhood place in a college town, Sibies is the best game in town.  While Western Massachusetts is not a hub of outstanding food - as the college kids will "eat anything," Sibies does a great job of offering good quality food while maintaining college-kid-friendly prices.

Growing up in Northern NJ, I cannot give ANY New England pizzaria 5 stars on principle, however, for what is lacking in authentic NJ feel (read: crust) George at Sibies makes up for it in personal feel.

George provides quality family made food while keeping the local pizza shop charm.

Give it a shot next time you are looking for take-home Italian...

Good orders:
Chicken Pesto sub
Tuna Lovers sub
All pizzas and calzones!
College pizza. Not bad, won't rock your world. They have good deals, so the prices if you choose the right deal can be really easy on your pocket. Right in the meaty part of the curve.
This place is great.  The curry dishes deliver without making you want to stick a firehose in your mouth and the nan is delicious.  Try some of the fruity Indian drinks and get some Indian beer, its way better than you'd think.
AVOID!!!  This place has horrible customer service (they do not answer the phone, do not return messages and do not respond to emails).  The shipment came nearly a month after I ordered.  The packaging for some of the food in the shipment was busted and food got everywhere in the box.  The food is decent but not worth the headaches.  Besides, if they run the business this poorly, I really cannot trust that the food is in fact what they say it is.

Worst of all, their website is not set up for sophisticated e-commerce like groupons.  It was very confusing how to redeem the coupon, and the result was that I was charged on my credit card above and beyond the groupon charge.  Magically, when you have your credit card company reverse the charges, then their customer service springs to action and passionately defends your dispute.  If only they worked with their customers as passionately as they defend credit card disputes.  Unethical, perhaps even fraudulant.  AVOID AVOID AVOID.  Can't say it enough.
Ordered the chicken tiki masala and some garlic naan, which happens to be my fav Indian dish by the way, and unfortunately was not the best at this location. The masala was extremely runny and soooooooooooooooo oily. My girlfriend and I felt a little sick after, and we have Indian food all the time! Sadly, this will probably be our one and only visit to this location.
I learned to appreciate Indian food by eating delivery from India Samraat. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, even Gulab Jamun; my uncultured palate slowly began to recognize and appreciate these exotic dishes. I've had a lot of Indian food over the past 8 years or so, but this remains some of the best. Excellent, unpretentious food at a reasonable price.

I came back last night for old time's sake, and had an excellent meal. I asked for the Chicken Vindaloo to be hot, and needless to say, I consumed quite a bit of water while eating. The bill came to about $25 for 2 people, and we had plenty of food left over.
So like everyone else here, bought a Groupon. I had not checked Yelp before either. And...like everyone else here dealing with delivery that I placed on April 18, it is now May 26 and its still not here. I spent 30 mins online with "customer service" which the person clearly did not speak English, only then to tell me to email "customer service" umm, ok?!

So, I get email from Kassandra guaranteeing me delivery this week, because last week it got lost due to a move. Well, its not here and now she is saying next week. Sorry unacceptable. I am calling American Express and reporting this company as fraudulent as well as to Groupon. It is amazing how crappy a company will treat customer. I do not care if you are moving or not. You continue to treat customers this way, you will not need to worry about a larger space.
I have never subscribed to any meal service plan of any kind before. I was intrigued when the vegan starter kit was offered as a Groupon and my husband and I decided to give it a try.

I wish I could give this a higher rating but this first experience was disappointing:
- When placing my order, I was advised the shipping date would be July 23rd. When I returned from a two- week vacation on August 11th, my husband confirmed the food was never delivered. I sent an email inquiry in shortly thereafter and received a fairly quick reply With an apology and a new shipping date. We received the food on Sept 6th.
- The company needs better quality-control. 1) Three meals in each of our packages were sour. 2) The contents of the box did not match the contents list provided - a cookie was missing in each box plus there was no brown rice on any of the meals that listed brown rice.
- The food itself is hit-and-miss. The chili beans and "chicken" were too salty. The mushroom scramble with "cheese" on the other hand could have used some salt as it was very bland. But the "ocean medley stew" was tasty and the peanut butter cookie is delicious. The vegetable paella with chicken was also very good.

I would like to add that despite all this we still gave some consideration to ordering from them again, but ultimately feel that quality is too inconsistent and it is too expensive to continue with (on the low end an average of $6 per meal). I hope they can work out their problems as I think the concept is good.
After riding the 1 bus by the big banner "rated #1" almost every day for 6 months, I only felt it necessary to bring my Indian-food loving boyfriend to this place when he visited me. We were so disappointed. Maybe it's because we had high hopes, but for the price- we were expecting some of the best Indian food in Boston (isn't that what the banner said?) Everything we ordered was average- and the atmosphere wasn't even special. Maybe the 10 minute trip down the steps to the hole-in-the-wall bathroom would have been more pleasurable if I knew the food I left at the table was worth me walking the whole way back up. I would give it another shot, but the prices are higher than some of my favorite Indian places to eat- and I just can't do it...
To anyone thinking of going to an Indian Restaurant:  Almost always only worth it to go for lunch buffets.  Other than that, severely overpriced as usual for dinner.

I've had a struggle in my 4 years in Boston trying to find the ultimate Indian restaurant.  So far this is it, but I feel there is more out there somewhere.

Also fellow neu students:  Do not mistake the Indian Restaurant on mass ave closer to the Dunkin Donuts for this place.  This place is 10 times better!  Pass that place near Dunkin Donuts, and take a small walk over the bridge and you'll see this place.
This place is the best and most reliable Indian delivery place in Boston (and I've tried more than a few).  

My favorites: Special Naan (w/ mango, raisins, coconut, and nuts); Chicken Madras (outstanding), Rogan Gosh, and Lamb Vindaloo. 

Their delivery is also fast and reliable.
Ok I'm hesitant to give these guys a review because it's kinda been my secret weapon over the last couple of months but it's only fair to share and reward them for such an awesome product and service. 

I'm a bachelor so eating healthy is tough, I also tend to binge work so my diet used to consist of t.v dinners and red bull. Gobble Green has been delivering me the fit for life plan and I literally feel like a new person. My skin is sooooo much better and I'm also exercising along with the meals which I'm sure makes a big difference. 

Thanks guys, keep up the good work! 

Cheers, Aaron.
Passed the place few times and saw 'Best of Boston' sign. Decided to try it and it was good Indian food, for cheap. Went back few times, worth checking it out.
The great thing about this place is the spices.  Unlike those countless bland on bland Indian places when hot means medium, medium means mild, and mild means tastes like a playing card, Indian Samarrat actually puts some fire in their dishes.  So if it says hot on the menu it actually is hot.  Plus their menu is enormous with some unusual but tasty dishes and the assorted bread basket rocks.  The veggie thali was a little uninspired---the dishes were almost all the same and they served the gulab jamun cold.  The only major downer was the service.  One time our waitress said to a latecomer in our group: "Well I hope you're ready to order."  Far from charming.
I LOVE this place-- my husband and I order takeout or delivery almost once a week, and we've eaten in the restaurant several times, as well. The staff (including delivery) is very nice, and and the food is delicious. 

Chicken Saag is my favorite. I recommended it to my company for a catered lunch, and even people who hadn't had or liked Indian food in the past really enjoyed it.

Our favorite order for 2: Chicken Saag, Chicken Mughlai, Pratha (or Chapati), and Mint Chutney on the side (my husband loves this with the bread).
I have several concerns with this company. i certainly support the ideals behind it - veganism, healthy eating, saving the planet. However, between the inedible food and what qualifies as literally the worst customer service i've ever experienced, i would strongly caution people against ordering from here.

consistent with the experiences of the slew one-star review customers, i received my shipment late. when i opened it, the food was thawed. broken, stale, and inedible. 

i immediately called customer service, only to learn that there is in fact no live customer service - only a VM. I left a message. I've left a message every day for the past two weeks, and have yet to receive any indication that the company has received the messages. No response.

I've left emails - one a day for two weeks. I have yet to receive any response from the company.

In summary, extremely expensive, no customer service, and terrible "food."

I am requesting a refund.
We just moved really close to this place, so we decided to get some takeout on moving day so we didnt have to unpack anything in order to prepare a meal.  I was definitely a fan.

We ordered lamb stuffed naan, chicken vindaloo, vegetable samosas, and lentil soup.  Everything was good.  I thought the naan was a bit overpriced (though lamb stuffed and regular cost the same).  the Chicken vindaloo was good though I wouldve liked some more kick since we ordered the 'hot' version.  Samosas were pretty good and the lentil soup was also quite tasty.

Ive noticed that everyone comments on how expensive this place is, but I didn't think it was that bad.  We ordered using foodler.com and they give you a small discount for being a first time customer and also offer other discounts if youre not first time but are ordering online.  besides the naan, everything cost about as much as I expected it to given that it was a well-regarded restaurant in the Back Bay.

All around a good experience and quick turn around, too.
They are open extremely late, much later than any of the other places around philly that I am aware of. They have many different calzones, plus custom creations if you want something specific. I tried their BBQ chicken calzone, and the Speed Zone. They were both really good but they were more falafel-sized than that of an authentic calzone. Still delicious, just not as big as I would have liked. 
Don't order the smore'z zone. It was way too runny and not that exciting. Better off just spreading nutella on pita bread and microwaving it. You will get same result. 
The place itself was nice and empty at late night and it was clean. Service was friendly and fast. Parking was easy.
Good grub overall and can't find anything better that late at night.
I ordered delivery from DP Dough for lunch on a random Friday.  After waiting more than 1hr 45min, I called them to see where my order was.  They informed me that it should be there soon (uhhh... I should hope so).  The driver arrived 5 minutes later... guess he was waiting until I complained to show up.  When I finally got it, it was lukewarm (obviously).  I'll never be ordering from here again.
I've passed this place multiple times, and each time I think "I should try this place".  Well I finally did.  I was not that impressed.  My curry sauce broke and was really watery by the time it came to the table, which is a big no no for me.  The portions were somewhat small in my opinion.  Only one small plate of rice came with two entrees.  The naan was actually alot bigger than other Indian restaurants in the area and tasted pretty good, which made up for some of the unfortunate aspects of this restaurant and the lack of rice.

It wasn't that busy on a Sunday night (maybe 4-5 tables with two staff), but the service was terribly slow.  It took almost 15 minutes to get someone to take our order, and almost 25 minutes to get our check long after we were done eating.  We watched Indian music videos throughout the hour long meal (we thought we could be in and out), so at least we were entertained.  However, it was not entertaining enough to warrant another trip back probably.
D.P. Dough - It is OK.

I've had a chance to try the Speed Zone(Chicken, Mozzarella, Garlic, Ricotta, Spinach) and the Chicken Fajita Zone(Chicken, Onions, Hot Sauce, Cheddar, Jalapenos, Black Olives).  

When I saw the list of ingredients in the Speed Zone, I figured it was impossible to go wrong.  Much like that 1998 Godzilla remake by Roland Emmerich, I was sourly disappointed*...It was just a very bland calzone.

Enter the Chicken Fajita - this thing salvaged D.P. Dough for me and assured repeat business sometime in the future.  Its got a good degree of kick to it and the onions, jalapenos, and black olives work like a superhero team trying to defeat my mouth with flavor.

Their house marinara sauce is a solid 3-star.

D.P. Dough is worth trying if you're in the area already and you haven't tried it yet.

*Seriously, I wasn't as disappointed with this as I was with Godzilla 1998.  I don't think anything will be as much of a let-down as Godzilla 1998.
I did the living social deal, back in April.  Got a delivery date of 6/11 (from gobble green) no delivery, no tracking, no response from customer service.  Living Social refunded me, as they have gotten many many complaints.  Actually glad I never got my food (if you can call it that) as it saved me the trouble of throwing it out.
Worst vegan food, period. Worst gluten free food, period.

Two periods do not make a right. Ha. Anyway.

I got the groupon (or whatever it was, Living Social?), and wasn't surprised that I had to wait for my shipment. That's cool dudes. I understand how crazy it can get when you do a daily deal/groupon/living social thing. But there was no notice of when my order would ship. So, I emailed them and they sent me the tracking information. Good stuff.

Then it finally arrived, and while looking over the food I got (which doesn't even look like food, but I'll get to that later), I noticed that they gave me some non Gluten Free items. HELLO. I ordered the Gluten free Vegan starter kit, and you're crossing off stuff directly beneath where it says that, and writing in some whole wheat something or other. 
So I emailed them. They only offered an apology and only then did they choose to notify those who also ordered the gluten free kit, even though they apparently knew that someone they had helping pack orders wasn't hip to what's what. Kay dudes, would you send a dead chicken to someone who ordered a vegan kit? No. Not at all.

Anyway, I decided to try what I could eat, and let me tell you, looks are not really decieving here. What I unpacked and threw in the freezer looked highly suspicious of resembling real food to begin with. The 'brownie' looks like freeze dried thin sheet of dog poop. The vindahaloo 'chicken' tastes like fat, chewy and flavorless and downright disgusting. 

I don't know if you're afraid of making things taste good, but please, add some spices. Holy schnikey. I got a real good deal and I still feel like I got ripped off. I doubt I'm going to eat any more of this stuff. Might be a good idea if you're smack in the middle of NOWHERE, USA, with no interesting vegan options, but at least then you'd hopefully have some fresh fruits and veggies handy that you could nosh on. I think I would rather eat raw turnips all day. I'm thankful it took so long to have this delivered because I got a chance to go shopping for the week, and didn't have to rely on this whole bag of fail/complete dissappointment for food. Sorry Gobble Green, everything about this order and this food sucks.
finally! indian food that delivers (without the expense of night owl or dining in!).

i've only had their takeout. the food is great. but i'm really easy to please when it comes to indian so maybe my review shouldn't be your deciding factor.

delivery...once the dude called at the bottom of the building to ask which apartment it was again. no problem. i told him. and waited near the door for him to come up. 30 second trip at most. why it took him nearly 10 is beyond me!
once, after having them deliver at work, they "couldn't find" the store. so they left it at the top of the stairs of the building next door.

love their food, love that they deliver, but pick better delivery men....c'mon guys!
I ordered chicken saag, medium spicy and an order of cheese nan for dinner last night. the chicken saag was awesome, easily the best I've had in Boston but the nan was such a disappointment. 

I didn't have a chance to devour my delivery immediately after it arrived, so perhaps that had something to do with the dysfunctional nan. It lacked cheese entirely and occupied several seemingly contradictory textural states as it was greasy, dry, gummy, and stale. 

despite the horrid nan, I'm fiending for more saag and will have it again soon. the portions are huge, and I recommend sharing with a friend because leftovers from India Samaat are somehow eerily justifiable as a "necessary second dinner" when you're alone on a cold Boston winters eve.
You want good indian food?  call india samraat. 

You want expensive indian food? call india samraat. 

now you know, and knowing is half the battle.
VERY VERY SAD.  Wanted to support a veggie/vegan company and did a 1/2 price deal.  The price was ok but the food wasn't.  SORRY BUT THEY CAN'T COOK!  It's unfortunate, but even if they kept giving 1/2 off, I don't want the food.

Do NOT BUY THEIR FOOD until you have tasted it or you will feel ripped off.
this place is okay. i wasn't particularly bowled over by the quality or the quantity of the food (both my dish and my boyfriend's dish had a lot of sauce in them but not too many chickpeas/potatoes in mine or meat in his). the chickpeas that were in my dish were totally overcooked, too.
i also asked for my food to be hot because i have a cold and judging from the reviews on here i expected face-numbing delicious, delicious hotness. unfortunately that wasn't the case - there was a tiny bit of a kick to it but i would not call it "hot" at all (or even "white girl hot" as i sometimes get at indian restaurants). also, i know i'm cheap and all, but paying $27 for two entrees just seemed kind of steep to me for "inexpensive indian food". i used to pay less than that at namaskar and i still had leftovers for the next day. if i'm thinking "inexpensive indian food" i'm thinking punjabi dhaba, not paying over $11 for like half a cup of chickpeas.
maybe we just had an off-night based on these other reviews, but then  sometimes on yelp there are those places that have inexplicably high reviews...hard to tell. i guess i would order from them again..if i don't feel like coughing up the $5 night owl delivery fee for india quality.
Overall: Decent, if Americanized and overpriced, Indian food.

The strongest things about this restaurant are the following:

- Placing the order and dealing with the delivery person is a pleasant experience.  The staff are friendly, speak clearly, keep my address in a computer, and show up on time.
- The food is fresh and generally well-prepared.  My paratha is never stale or cold, and the raita is never soggy.  The rice is buttered and things are wrapped well so they stay warm and don't leak.
- Portions are big enough that I have leftovers for the next day.

The weaknesses are:

- The curry is neither hot (i.e. spicy) nor flavorful.  The chicken tikka masala does not taste terribly different from marinara sauce.  It's actually decently tasty, but if you are looking for authentic curry, this isn't it.
- Price.  25$ plus tip for appetizer, nan and curry for two people is a little on the high side.

If you don't mind spending a bit too much for a hot, decent meal, this is a good choice.
Great neighborhood place especially for take-out on the way home from work. Friendly customer service and nice menu options. I've never been disappointed here and will continue to go back.
Worst customer service ever.  This food is disgusting, and unsafe.  I wonder if the health department is aware.

I purchased an offer through Bloomspot for Gobble Green Gluten Free Starter Kit. I had difficulty from the beginning trying to redeem the certificate (the online ordering system said the certificate # had already been redeemed). I Emailed the company directly, but received no response. I then called, and after three messages, finally was able to speak with someone. She told me orders were back-logged by 5 weeks because they were a small family owned business. I was frustrated by this, and told her I travel a lot, and would need to know the precise date the order would be fulfilled. She told me that she was unable to give me an exact date at the moment, but that someone would Email me prior to my ship date so that I could reschedule if necessary. She explained orders go out on Mondays, and should be received on Wednesdays. She then assisted me through placing the order online without the certificate number, at which point we discussed my food allergy to the ingredients in curry. I also input this food allergy online.

The most important part of my complaint is that the food that was sent to me has approximately five curry dishes, and ingredients were listed on the packaging of other items as "vegan spices". When attempting to cook the dishes not labeled as curry, I could smell the distinct odor of the spices that make up curry. The precise food allergy I pre-warned this company about.

Furthermore:

-I did not receive an advance notification of the shipment.

-The order arrived on a Sat., on which my condo shipping room attendant *happened* to be working past business hours to receive. Not a Wed. as advertised.

-The food arrived freezer-burned (it looked like it had been frozen, left out to defrost, then refrozen).

I have attempted to contact Gobble Green directly twice over the past few weeks, leaving a message that they sent me food containing the food allergens I pre-warned them about, but they do not reply. 

Hopefully this review will save someone else with a food allergy this same problem. A business who even *advertises* being sensitive to food allergies on their website should be more careful. 

On the bright side, Lauren at Bloomspot was wonderful to deal with after this whole ordeal.  Because of her, I will continue to use their service, just not for this company.
I read that other customers had been having delivery issues, but I went ahead and ordered the Bloomspot deal. I figured even if I had to wait it would be worth it. I placed my order in mid March. They fully disclosed on the site that because of the deals they had been doing, they were 2-5 weeks behind. You are supposed to be able to order $15 more of food a la carte and be moved to the front of the line. I wanted to do this, but wasn't able to log onto the website. I have been getting their promotional emails, but when I try to log in it says my email is not valid. Someone on the phone told me they were updating their website. Long story short, I have been calling and emailing since March 29. One person called me back and told me she had to restart her computer and she would call me back, I never heard from her again. Kassandra emailed me at 11pm on the 19th and said she would call me the next day, and I never heard from her. I have called and emailed countless times, TO TRY GIVE THEIR COMPANY MORE MONEY, and have gotten no response. I understand when you are growing and updating your website it can be hard, but don't do a bunch of group deals you can't handle.

Oh, and I haven't gotten my food so I can't even speak to that. I hope Vegin' Out will forgive me.
I learned about this place via Living Social.  I thought I was getting a deal by purchasing 7 days worth of vegan meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner dessert) for 7 days for $129!  I was so excited because that meant I didn't have to cook for myself for a week, yooo hooo!  I placed my order as instructed per the voucher.  Maybe about 3 weeks later I contacted them via email to find out when might I receive my order and was made to feel less then human for using a voucher, huh?  The customer service was horrible and the food was gross!!!! Let me repeat it again, the food was disgusting.  Anything that was made with tofu/seitan tasted like flour cubes.  It was seasonless and tasteless.  I threw all except the dessert away.  If you don't believe me, order from them yourselves.  Maybe your experience will be better **rolling eyes**.  However, for me, it was a waste of $130! I could have had a new bag or shoes for that amount!
Our go-to for Indian delivery. I am not an Indian food expert by any means, so I can't speak to the authenticity at all, but I've always enjoyed the food I've gotten from India Samraat. We tend to get the same thing every time: Chicken Saag, Chicken Tikka Masala, an extra container of Basmati Rice, Cheese Pakora, and Naan. And sometimes, as a treat, we get Mango Lassies. We've also occasionally ordered the Veggie Samosas and/or Veggie Pakora. This is usually enough for at least two meals for the two of us, and it tastes just as good reheated later in the week. We've become such regulars that they've actually started giving us a little discount every now and then. One of these days we'll actually have to go in and check out the restaurant we've been ordering all this food from for so long.
Very good, very large sandwich.
OMG I purchased a Groopon for this company got the food yesterday and it looks like my dog shit in a bag. Who in the hell wants to microwave a frozen muffin? These guys are low rent bad preparation, taste, logo.....everything.
I have absolutely no idea how a place like this could both 1) pull off a Best of Boston award or 2) trick the ignorant into frequenting its lonely and awkward interior. There is no number of "I-was-so-impressed" explanations that could possibly make up for the lousy episode my dining partner and I were unlucky enough to have that night.

In my opinion--and it could probably be established as fact--this place was both awkward and undesirable, the food was only fair, the waitstaff was way off, and the wine was rotten!

At abut 9:00 on a Saturday night this summer, my dining companion and I (she and I were alone but for one other risk-taking couple that had surely made the mistake of believing the Yelp reviews) ordered from what other reviewers have perplexingly referred to as the "nice and polite" waitstaff. NOT! Whereas surprisingly high numbers of misled Yelpers seemed wowed by their version of the dance that is India Samraat's way of taking orders and delivering them to tables almost without speaking a word, our guy(s) timidly approached our table each time as if we had heat-or-touch-triggered detonation devices at our disposal. I felt as if I needed to sink into my seat and practically put both hands up so that they would not feel offended by our presence at the table! Come on, people: Act congenial; explain your menu; tell us that you're happy we're there! It's a recession afterall, and not everyone wants to waste their money paying for awkward table service and mediocre food!

What's more, I received the worst and most putrid (i.e. "in an advanced state of decomposition and having a foul odor [http://wordnet.princeton.edu/]), turned wine--the HOUSE WINE!!--I've ever placed a nose into (I don't care what the expectation for beverage type to cuisine is). Although I stopped drinking immediately and called my partner off her glass, reported the issue to the server, and asked for a glass of Bass Ale instead, these weren't enough cues to the servers to remove the horridness that was this revolting drink. Credit the bill? Nope.

I have seen that many people order carryout or delivery from here. WHY OH WHY, I ASK? I rarely say no to an offer to dine anywhere, but I will never frequent India Samraat again, unless it is entirely redone.

Unless this restaurant is nominated for "Most Awkward, Strange, & I-would-rather-not-be-wasting-my-paycheck-here" award--it won't ever win a thing!
We ordered in from PerryBrook foods and it was fast, healthy, and very tasty.  A terrific treat for this vegetarian family!  I especially recommend the quinoa and the brussels sprouts.
we've been making our way through the week's worth of food and finding less and less edible things to eat. it's rare we finish a meal-- a few bites and we throw it out.
Good reliable food for a very reasonable price. Two large cheese is a great volume for value.
I grabbed take out from this place a couple weeks ago, and it was pretty good.  The veggie curry was kind of greasy, and not in so much a good way, but the onion naan was freaking awesome, and the rice was good, too.  It's a little more expensive than I generally prefer for take out, but all in all it wasn't bad, and the guy at the counter who took my order was very nice.  Perhaps I'll try it again sometime, maybe sit down.
One of the better Italian hoagies I've had in Philadelphia.  The service can be a little slow, but only because all of the meats and cheeses are sliced fresh to order.  Prices are great, a full hoagie with chips and drink is usually around 10 dollars.  While I usually stick to the Italian, I haven't been disappointed with any of the other sandwiches I have ordered.

One star short only because the hours are unpredictable, and it is only open for lunch.
Picked up carry-out for dinner last week.  Food was well cooked, prepared, hot, and ready when I picked it up.  Great Chicken Tikka, and vegetable samosas.  Another great thing about this place is that it is part of AAdvantage dining, which allows you to earn American Airlines miles on your purchases here as an added bonus.Overall great place and plan to return.
You caught me!  This is a preemptive review for a restaurant that hasn't even opened yet.  The open date has been pushed back a few times (and I only know this information because I became a facebook fan a while back) and now i'm eagerly awaiting the opening of the pearly gates of calzone heaven!!!

Another one of my state college faves, I'm very excited for the opening of our own DP Dough in philly.  i'll be sure to update my review for real once it's officially open for business and we take a fat kid field trip down to 40th street!
Sure wish I had read yelp before ordering through Living Social. Finally got my order 2.5 months after ordering and after trying to contact non-existent customer service. Had to go thru Living Social to get it; they offered me my money back but I naively said no I want to try the food. For a Vegan Starter Kit, they sent me the same food for 7 days!  Won't be using them again. Even after a very late response from Cassandra, the customer service asst. director apologizing, nothing was done to help alleviate the problems. Stay away from Gobble Green, unless you are in the neighborhood and can get Fresh Food, and pick it up yourself!!
Like many of the earlier reviewers I was not informed when the package would be delivered; when I arrived home in the evening I found the package outside my door and everything inside was defrosted. Several of the packages were not labeled so I threw them away. I tried the Eclectic Veggies and they were so awful I had to toss after one bite, likewise with the Risotto. I really don't understand how this business continues to thrive. This really was a huge ripoff. I tried to call customer service, but all lines were busy, thus I left a message to email me, however no response.
very good food, if you're drunk and there's nothing else to eat. Its a good price for what you get, and if your ordering with a group, you'll get a free order of breadsticks if you order 5 or more zones. 
I had a chicken and bacon zone, and i didnt really get alot of chicken, and it was very doughy. The first half was really good but the 2nd half was hard to finish bc of the dough. Also, the marinara sauce is pretty good. 
Not something to die for, but it gets the job done and pretty good. I recommend it!
Delicious, hot food delivered quickly at a great price.  Highly recommended!
Just received my delivery order (Foodler, you arrived in less than 20 minutes, you rock!) of chicken tikka masala, cheese nan and the veggie appetizer mix. Of the appetizers, the vegetable pakora was great, the cheese pakora was like a breaded eraser and the aloo bada was just alright. I haven't tried the samosa yet because I'm already full. The onion chutney is good with all the apps. The CTM is delicious and the rice is plain, buttery and normal. The nan is the hugest disappointment though. It's dry and crunchy and weirdly sweet. I don't think it's cheese nan, I'm pretty sure it's garlic which is (A) not what I wanted and (B) the worst nan I've ever tasted. After this I think I'll go back to India Quality, because at least their nan is perfect.

*Update* Decided to chuck everything except the tikka masala, and although it tastes good, finding a large chunk of bark in it has left me chucking that too. Never going here again.

*Update 2.0* I emailed Foodler about my complaints and they called the restaurant on my behalf. They said the bark was a cinnamon stick (which is fine, it was still a chunk of something inedible in my food though that should not have been there) and Foodler offered to reimburse me for the restaurant sending the wrong naan. Foodler, I wish I could yelp you for being so awesome! I'll be using them again to order, just not from here!
I have ordered multiple times from this company in hopes that things would improve. I so desperately want a reliable, healthy and tasty vegan food delivery source that I looked past all the custom service and delivery issues....but when it comes down to it the food is inconsistent. 

I have ordered from them and gotten really tasty meals and then the next month ordered the same thing and gotten something that was totally horrible! 

They try to make up for their shortcomings by sending you more food but that would only count if it was any good! This past order I got was the last straw. The food was sour. ALL OF IT! Which is strange because when I got it all of it was frozen solid and then I put everything away in my freezer promptly. Even when I heated things up in the microwave the sour taste was still overwhelmingly present. Just horrible. I have thrown away multiple meal packets after tasting them. It has become such a waste of my money and time to deal with this company.

This makes me sad to say.....but I will never order from them again (This is the 3rd order they have messed up, I waited for and the food was HORRIBLE!)
I got delivery from this place tonight and it was...okay. The food was decent but not great, the "dinner and desert deal" I ordered was a good value but the "smores" dessert calzone was just pizza dough, chocolate, and vanilla icing (aka definitely not a smore). The actual calzone itself was fine, but nothing to brag about. Also, this "deal" supposedly came with a soda, which I ordered when I called in, but the meal wasn't delivered with any drink. Overall, I doubt I'll order in from this place again. Maybe it's better when you eat in?
Sick. I cannot believe it. I l know Indian food in American restaurants are always bad with little exception, but this is unbelievable! And the prices too!
I know this is petty, but the food here is waayyy better then Sumah's Carryout! So now they get 4 stars!
Just ate there  and generally enjoyed the meal.

 FYI -  I used the restaurant.com gift certificate and for anyone else using it, they should note that it won't work with the special promo they have where you get a free drink, soup, or dessert with the entree.  (I asked.)

We got the lamb bhunna (11.95), lamb jalfrozie (12.45), and the chicken molghai (11.95) and  two orders of naan.

I think the best of all three is definitely the lamb jalfrozie.  I am a convert now to the cream curries.  

The service  and food were very good overall (frequent water refills although there was not that many people).

I only have a few  criticism is that first, in other indian restaurants (even the fast food places I've been to) one order of naan is usually sufficient for an entire table.  Here two orders was just enough if you and everyone else skimp a bit.  I was also a little surprised that there weren't condiments (like mint chutney) on the table cf. India Quality.

Second, it was a party of three and they already calculated tip into the bill.  I found that a little insulting to be honest and wasn't sure if it was because of our group's age or other possible motives that I won't guess her.

(EDIT I stand corrected 18% is automatic)

Third, for three people they only gave us one serving bowl (what are those things called ... gravy boat-ish) of rice which they didn't refill but since we were about done anyway didn't ask.

Otherwise, I stand by my first statement: good place to eat.
stay away!  they stole my money from a living social deal.  worst company ever! try calling them, they won't answer their phone.
I'm glad I finally decided to go to Stan's. I had doubts, but they were soon cured after one sandwich from their delicious deli. It's a small place, so you're better off ordering and leaving. The sandwiches are quite large, so be prepared to eat a lot (or save it for later). The two guys behind the counter are courteous and get your sandwich made just the way you want it in a short amount of time. I've had a lot of experiences with deli's, and this one has been quite memorable.
The one thing about a food delivery company, they need to actually deliver food.  Only order from these people at your own risk.  If you try to contact them, do not ever expect a reply.  Don't believe the "We return calls in 24 hours",  it's been at least 3 months.  Order using your credit card so that you can dispute the charges like I had to.  I tired to be pleasant gave them a bunch of chances, figured with all the Living Social deals perhaps they were overwhelmed (I wasn't a Living Social customer).  The scary thing, they tell you not to defrost the packages, I now know why.  At least 3 of them expanded with an overnight thaw in the fridge.  I never ate any of those, figured a trip to the hospital wasn't worth the ability to give a fair review.  I received 2 weeks worth of a month long plan.  After reading the other reviews, they had a couple of tasty entrees, but do not believe the "foodie" reviews.  The bacon is like a salt lick,  I could never eat it all even after it had been rinsed.

The number of positive reviews after my experience leads me to believe that the do know how to use computers,  so that people are less likely to see the truth.
During my our recent trip to Boston, we stumbled upon this place while we were looking for parking to go to another restaurant.   But, we were tired and didn't want to walk extra 2block to our intended place and settled for this one just steps from where we got a parking spot.
We saw the sign for the platters at the door.  So, we went straight for that. 2 veg & 2 nonveg.  Large mango lassi (which was deceiving cause they adapted starbuck's unit of measurements).  Papdi chat and some variety of fritters.
The service was pretty poor.  Sure they came to fill our glasses with water on time.  But, they kept taking our plates away before we had finished eating.  I found that to be outright rude.  Talking about plates, our food came in stainless steel dishes (for nonveg - rectangular dish with multiple compartments)(for veg - a round dish with multiple small steel cups with the different items).
The food was not that impressive.  Good.  Just not impressive.
For nonveg platter, you get 3 different meat items, 1 or 2 veg item, raita, few leaves of iceberg lettuce, rice, paratha/naan, 1 desert.  The meats weren't overcooked.  So, that was good.  But, taste was pretty bland.
Raita was watery and not at all zesty as it should have been.
For Veg platter, its pretty similar except you get more veg dishes.  The portions were a lot smaller in the veg platter than the nonveg platter.
We got paratha instead of naan for our platter.  And boy were we happy about that decision.  I think the paratha was the best part of the meal.  Considering, there wasn't really anything that was amazing.
For deserts, 3 of us got gulab jambu and 1 kheer.  The gulab jambu wasn't bad - didn't seem stale, but didn't seem it wasn't out of a can either.  Kheer was yuk - they used the cheapest rice they could find.  Even the ground pistachio couldn't do any justice to the felony this desert had committed.
They were pretty quick to take our plates away even as we hadn't finish eating.  But, they kept us waiting a good 10min for our check.

I can't speak for their other menu items.  But, would I recommend the platters?  Sure, if you are looking to fulfill hunger - like we were after being touristy all day long in the city.  If you are looking for some tasty meal however, find something else or perhaps somewhere else.
I've had DP Dough in Ithaca (Ithaca College) and Maryland (University of Maryland) and have always been excited to be able to eat it when I was going to visit my brother at college. When I found out that they were opening one in Philadelphia, I was really excited. 

It opened last week and I finally had time to try it today. I got my favorite, the buffer zone (chicken, hot sauce, blue cheese and mozzarella) and my boyfriend got the maui wowi (ham, pineapple and mozzarella). We both enjoyed ours but the bufferzone wasn't how I remember it, it hardly had any hot sauce in it, it tasted like it was just chicken and mozzarella. I ended up getting some frank's hot sauce out of the fridge and dipping it straight in the hot sauce and then into blue cheese. Up the hot sauce, guys!! The ones I used to have were smothered in it. I guess next time I will ask for extra extra hot sauce. 

I tried the buffalo dunkers too (boneless buffalo wings) and they were delicious. 

Anyway, thanks for opening the restaurant and I can't wait to go back. You'll have a repeat customer in me.
I've tried this service twice and was disappointed twice. Here's why: 1) They never deliver the food on the agreed upon date; instead, it shows up a week early or two days early or late. The last time the food was delivered days early I was at work all day so the frozen meals sat on my porch all day in the hot July heat. 2) Customer service is not just miserable but non-existent. They NEVER answer their customer service lines during posted business hours...they will tell you "sorry, we're updating our customer service department". Apparently this update has been in effect for more than a year! 3) The food is really not very good. Most of the entrees are rice-based. The vegetables are cut up into the tiniest confetti. I'm sure if you put the pieces together it might equal the equivalent of a single fork-ful of vegetables. They need to re-think their entire business model. I'm done with Gobble Green.
I have had a terrible experience with this company and do not recommend it at all.  I did this on a Groupon and had to wait about 2 months for my turn to get my food delivered.  This wasn't a big deal but when the food came, several items were thawed out.  Two items were blown up like a balloon as if they had gone bad.  I emailed the company 3 times to see what I should do and never got a response.  As a last ditch, I called them.  I have now called them 7 times and have had only 2 responses, both voice mails.  When I returned the calls, I either didn't get a response at all or it took between 4 days and a week to hear back.  This is terrible customer service in my opinion and I have actually never talked to them, leaving me with these meals I am afraid to eat.

Of the ones I did eat, I found the food to be between mediocre and bad.  Most is bordering on tasteless and I have had to add to it to make it palatable.  If you decide to order, be sure that you like beans because most of the meals are just beans with a sauce.  Personally, I will never order from them again.
UPDATE:::  After phone calls, emails and the like, Gobble Green appears to have taken the view that I don't exist.  Interesting considering how prompt they were calling me I was being given a full month credit... only to charge me later.  All attempts at landing a person are not returned and it appears gobble green is just waiting for me to give up.  Well, $200+ is a little too much money to write off.  What they HAVE accomplished is ended my subscription.  The BEST you can hope for is having Gobble Green stop sending you food.  It would be my ardent advice to never sign up in the first place.  Instead, I would recommend Macro Mediterranean.  Their food is vegan, NOT frozen and is delivered fresh every week promptly.  They also have a seasonal menu so you have an ever evolving menu and choices.  I simply recommend them so as to illustrate that I am only irate at Gobble Green because their food is terrible and they stole $200 from me.
UPDATE: It's now called the Villa Valenti Pub, which is the most popular place to go out drinking in the Albia/Wynantskill area. The parking lot is very tight, so there are lots of vehicles parked along Pawling Ave. One of my former classmates is a bartender here on the weekends.

OLD REVIEW (3/2007):
My buddy and I enjoy the food, beer, and atmosphere at Valenti's. They have live bands too!  We enjoy the Chicken Parm dinner, which is a generous portion over spaghetti served with garden salad & bread. We dip the bread into the sauce, which has a bit of sweetness. The draft beer is served by the glass or pitcher. The pizza here is good too!
I am not a big fan of Indian food.  I don't go try out Indian restaurants and try to find my favorite dish there.  When I have a craving for peshwari paratha, chicken khandari, and mango lasse, this is the only place that I would go to.  Friendly service, consistency, and I love the artwork.
My fraternity is down the street from Valenti's and perhaps for good reason... I spent a portion of most fridays there in college.  The wings are as good as it gets.  If you've got a cold or a stuffy nose in the winter; the hot will have your sinus clean and clear in no time.  A shame I only discovered the garlic parm wings my senior year.
 Another of the trio of places I "have to go to" whenever I am in Troy.  Although I really want to expand that list to 4 or 5 soon.  Great service, friendly waitresses, and IMHO the best wings I've ever had.  When I was in Texas Plucker's was good but it was no Valenti's.

Need I say more?
This is about as nasty as food can get. Avoid at all costs.
Delicious seems too limiting a word for this oasis of Indian food. The boyfriend and I came here last Wednesday night for some tasty morsels - he saw the "best of boston 2007" sign out front, and was drawn to it, and I'm glad he was. The place won for a reason.

We has meat samosas, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, keema saag, and the condiment combo. The samosas were quite tasty - not too doughy, and full of tasty filling. The tikka masala was actually only mediocre, but the keema saag (a special that evening of ground lamb, spinach, and other veggies) was ever so delightful and nicely spiced. Steer clear of the garlic naan, it's just minced garlic spread in between the two layers of bread, and I don't know that I would recommend the condiment combo either.

Service was decent, and the decor isn't as terrible as other reviewers seem to think. The chairs are comfortable, and there are the expected tapestry things on the wall - it's a few steps above a hole in the wall, but a few below fine dining. 

Despite some of our mediocre food choices, I have definitely found my new favorite Indian place. Hands down winner.
Foodler + India Samraat = Score!

Ordered the meat samosas, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, naan bread and mango lassi. Arrived in about 30 minutes, much faster than expected. Had to rush to put some clothes on, but that's another story :)

Everything was top notch, but I was a little disappointed with the naan bread, a little soggy, but still very much edible. CTM was fantastic, just the right blend of flavour/spice. The vindaloo (ordered extra hot) was fantastic! Great for the sinuses. Love the lassi too.

Portions large enough to make a meal the next day.
Third try at getting food from Gobble Green with a Groupon - still no delivery.  First time, delivery time was 6 weeks from order but you didn't know until you purchased.  I got a refund.  This time it was supposed to be 4 weeks (although you could get it earlier if you ordered something else at full price and paid full shipping), but they never shipped as promised, and apologized, and they are also missing the second deadline (I was supposed to get a notice from Fed Ex today and it's 4:30 and no notice).  Every time I've called the hold time is huge or mailbox is full or if you leave a message no one calls you back.  They do respond to emails in a few days but it just spawns more roboemails - no resolution.

I'm done with Gobble Green.  I don't see how they stay in business.  They clearly aren't interested in my business.  Last time I tried to order they threatened to sue me, call the police on me and turn my account over to a collection agency who would ruin my credit when I disputed their charge on my credit card when they never delivered my food.
Just had their food for the first time in a long time and wow have they come a long way not only in options, but quality.

Had delivery and service was fast and the food hot and this was even on the night after we had bad weather all day with snow. 

Ordered in for me, my sister, and a friend.

 My sister had the loaded nachos with chicken and it was enough for easily 2 people to make a meal out of. It all looked tempting, but the only thing that to me was unappealing, but not to my sister was that the chips looked a little soggy. My sister said not to let appearances deceive you as most of it was crisp w/ only the pieces that were super cheese loaded a little soggy and that even those were cheesy goodness.

My friend had a pepperoni personal pizza and boy did it look appetizing and perfect size for 1 person and at a good price. She thought her pizza was well cooked and flavorful.

I had the roast beef dip and it was quite tasty. Very large as this served me for dinner and lunch the next day. The au jus for dipping was excellent and tasty and beefy. The steak fries were amazing. They were nice and thick and just right amount of crispiness. They were also seasoned very well with salt and black pepper. 

All in all, I can't wait to add this to my regular pub dining experiences.
I'm not even going to complain about the delivery issue, I think you get the idea from other yelper's reviews.

I ordered a 7-day Gluten Free vegan starter kit as an experiment through Bloomspot - I knew I will not give up meat or animal products of any kind but was "curious" how my body will react to it.  

It was obviously a good deal compared to their "regular" prices but it turns out their "regular" prices were not fair to begin with.  In conclusion:  NOT a good deal at all.

I'm on day 4 right now, a lot of items repeat many times (we're talking even within a 7-day period).  It's mostly soupy stuff, which is WAY too salty, I have to add a cup of hot water to my bowl every time.  Tempeh bacon is impossible to eat by itself, it's too salty.  The only two items I actually like are the South Western Salad and the Banana Cookie.  The carrot coconut medley dessert is SOUR, why the heck is it sour?  By far the most discusting item from the list.  I'm looking forward to the Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Bar scheduled for the last day.

I don't know much about vegan food, but I know salty does not equal vegan.  I feel like they had to do this to keep food longer.

I wish I had yelped the place before purchasing the Bloomspot deal.  Well, lesson learned for the future.
Weird that this place is run by the same people as Cafe Luna. I'm never quite sure what is going on at Luna, while Sola is the picture of order and efficiency from the decor to menu to the service. 

So how it went down was, I was sitting on my couch, all: "Damn, but I could use a roast beef sandwich right about now!". Not a lot of options in Central as far as roast beef is concerned. I was thinking I might have to go to "the store" and buy "ingredients" and make "lunch". Eeuuugh. Thank goodness I didn't have to resort to such barbarism! Sola is right next to the dang Star Market! 

Fact is, $9 for a roast beef sandwich isn't cheap. But factor in how much crap you'd have to buy to make one sandwich and it probably works out in your favor unless you are feeding a few people. 

The make all the meats in house. Or, i guess they don't "make" them, but they roast them. And they're good. Your choice of cheese, toppings, condiments, and one of a few varieties of over sized Iggy's rolls. It's gonna be a good sandwich. Nothing is mind blowing or super creative, it's just good. And you get in and out in about 5 minutes, which beats the turnaround at even the fastest of food joints in this always-hoppin neighborhood. 

Anyway, this place is now solidly at the top of my "I need lunch with minimum video game interruption and I don't want to pay for delivery" list.
Delivery boy rode by on his bike punched my friend in the face at a stop light. Funny but never conduct business by defending an assault by one of your own. 

Dirty employees. PBB is good though.
Pretty much the same as everyone else, but here goes.  I purchased a groupon for gobble green.  I didn't find out that their shipping policy for vouchers is 4-6 weeks until a week after I redeemed my voucher with them.  I was informed in a snarky response that vouchers are considered less important so they get wait-listed.  When I responded back that I was only getting the voucher so I could try out their food before purchasing at least 8 weeks (so could my food come more timely), I go no response back.  That was 2 weeks ago.  Still nothing.  I've attempted contact a couple times since then.  Nothing.  I ended up ordering from someone else who actually appreciates my business.  I assume I'll receive the voucher food at some point so maybe I'll update my review with comments on the food... should it ever arrive.
Most authentic India food I have had in Boston. I had the veggie combo and it was amazing! Everything we had was so good and the service was attentive and friendly. I can't wait to take others here. 

so yummy i want some now!!!
Oh, sweet cheap deliciousness!  This place has been raved about at me so many times, and I'm glad to say that I literally just finished my very first D.P. Dough calzone - the Maui Wowi (pineapple, ham, mozzarella) - and it was grandiose. Have I had better calzone? Absolutely! Bear in mind that D.P. Dough is a chain that caters to poor college students, after all. But have I had a better calzone for $6.85? Absolutely, positively not. What I particularly liked is that there weren't any gigantic pockets of air in my calzone, which happens fairly often at other establishments, and it wasn't overstuffed. You can hold these in your hand and eat it and, with little effort, you won't end up the least bit sloppy-faced or greasy-fingered. Once my arteries have recovered from this punishment I have unapologetically dealt them (sorry, little dudes), I will be trying another. I've already got my eye on the Testing Zone (breaded chicken, mozzarella & pesto). I'm a sucker for pesto.

I learned something from this experience as well. I had previously thought that the only difference between a stromboli and a calzone is that the latter has ricotta cheese. Not so. The difference isn't related to ingredients at all. It's the shape. A calzone is a stuffed pocket of dough (think: D.P. Dough), while a stromboli is a rolled pocket of dough (think: those pepperoni/cheese tubular roll things).
I appreciate ethics in food and thought I would give them a try, so I purchased their LivingSocial deal.  Terrible idea.  I should have read the reviews first.  Always read the reviews first, even when you have a coupon!  (Gaaahh!  I forgot!)

Putting in my order with them July 2nd, I realized there was no way to request a calendar date (or even a ballpark week) for delivery, soooo, a week of food delivery was left to the Powers That Be.  I was given an estimate for delivery (to be delivered 1 month from the date of my order).  I ended up receiving an email from FedEx saying my package was on the way 2 months later, only for it to be damaged when it arrived in my home state and sent back to California.  No word from the company about re-delivery or the possibility of a refund.  Called several times, no answer.  Left several voicemails, no call-back.  Left several emails, no response (this is over the period of several weeks).

Finally, after a couple weeks of nudging LivingSocial, THEY refunded me for this rip-off company.  It is just shy of 3 months after my order, and I have received no word from Gobble Green, aside from through third party FedEx.  

Long story long:  Stay away.  Save yourself the headache.  Go grab something from the hot foods buffet bar at Whole Foods instead.
I really want to support this place. They have a great family-type atmosphere, but on the whole, their food just isn't as good as some of the other Indian restaurants nearby. I do think their Malai Kofta is excellent and will keep coming back for it, but everything else I've had has been pretty mediocre. I agree with one of the previous reviewers that their Naan is not that good.

This place is definitely worth a try though, if for nothing else than to support a local business.
Oh goodness! Where do I start?! I also did the Groupon thing...I don't think the company thought this through very well and subsequently couldn't handle the volume. I was told I my order would not be shipped for 6 weeks...then 8...then 12...when I finally received the box, I was a little concerned that it took three days fed ex to get to me - HOW DOES IT STAY COLD? The answer is, it doesn't. Dry ice was completely melted and food was half thawed, had to throw a bunch out that I was scared to try. What I did keep and try was hit or miss...the muffins and snickerdoodle cookies were good, the mac and cheese was good, the strawberry oatmeal made me feel like vomiting after just one bite (HOW do you screw up oatmeal?!) Some of the entrees made me queasy and I am not sure if it was because they arrived bad or just were to begin with. The peanut butter bars weren't BARS at all, but a couple of spoonfuls of peanut butter (yes, that consistency) with a few chocolate chips thrown in...
In addition, most of the labels were unreadable, and some had fallen off so I have no idea what I ate in some instances. 
To make matters worse, I complained to Groupon, who is usually really great about refunds when stuff goes wrong, and was refused a refund. UGH!
If you like horrible customer service, delayed shipping, noone knowing what is going on or responding, substandard packaging bordering on dangerous, and mystery meals - by all means, order from Gobble Green!
Update: I changed my rating to 4 stars on the sole basis that I have been back to this place 4 or 5 times since my first review. Not much has changed, but the fact that I keep going back makes me feel that it deserves more than 3 stars. Still a very small selection of sushi, still using styrofoam cups and soy sauce packets, and still no alcohol. 

Original Review:

This place is fairly new, and it was a hit in a few places and a miss in a few places.  Some things may improve over time, as they are clearly still trying to get everything up and running, so I may change my review after we try it again.

The main problems: prices were fairly low for the rolls, but the amount of fish in them was really skimpy.  This was made worse by the fact that the roles had about 4 times the amount of rice that they should have.  Basically, it was as if they took regular sushi rolls and then added another half-inch thick strip of rice around the outside (and added $3 to the price).  In any other cuisine this would not be a big deal, but it is hard to remove rice from sushi rolls!  Also, despite being called a "sushi house" they have only a few sushi options on the menu, along with many rice/noodle dishes.  Your only options for raw fish are salmon or tuna, but the rolls were tasty. 

There were no alcoholic beverages, but they said they are working on a liquor license. They have some honey sweet tea, which was okay, but I was disappointed that there was no unsweetened tea.  And the waitress told us they are working to get real dishes, so hopefully no more takeout containers when we return.

On the bright side, the service was great, the atmosphere was nice, and the music was perfect.  The ginger dressing on the salad was delicious.  They had some instruments set up, so they may sometimes have live music or open mic, which would be great.  I would give this place a 3.5, but I will go back soon to check it out again and that may change.
I finally received an e-mail from them a few days ago. I responded a few times, called and tried to internet chat again. All to no avail. Then I posted something on Facebook and they responded immediately, telling me that my shipment had shipped and giving me a personal e-mail to use for future communications. I haven't gotten a FedEx notification and I live five miles from them, so I should get it today if it really did ship. Below is the e-mail (which they clearly took some real care in drafting) that I received explaining the initial delay:

Hi Amanda,

I very sorry for the huge inconvience, we have been updating our systems to better serve our customers and for some reason some our orders got misplaced. We really do apologize for this an want to get your order to you. Could you please send me your ordered items and delivery info and we will get your order shipped the week of 8/6? Thank you again.
Good quality meats and they actually have marble rye. Perfect for a displaced Jewish kid that wants to nosh.
This place makes authentic Indian Food. It is a neighborhood gem.
FINALLY. A clean, healthy alternative with delivery in Harlem, USA! 

Their food is GREAT - gluten-free, vegan, soy-free, etc. but there are some items that have nasty items such as MSG that they sell and are not aware of such as parmesan cheese, which has MSG.

Please support these guys as they are a small kitchen and need a bigger menu!
Really? I don't get it. Did I just come on an off day?

The calzone I tried was nothing special. I ordered the "Construction Zone" where you get to build your own calzone and I had mushrooms, spinach, mozzarella and tomatoes. It was extremely thin and not memorable. OH, but the marinara sauce they give you is delicious. WHY WHY WHY? Good marinara sauce bad calzone? I really don't get it! Parking is surprisingly easy to find despite it being next to Jose Garces' Distrito.
one of the best traditional indian restaurants around boston, tucked behind a not-very-grand facade.  i have tried many of its dishes and they are consistently good.  What else more can you can you ask for: great food at great price at great location!
This company has gone downhill.  I ordered from GG a few times a couple of years ago and had okay customer service and the food was good.  I just recently ordered a vegan starter kit again and had a pretty bad customer service experience as well as many meals that were inedible.  First, I was having trouble ordering, so I wrote an e-mail and got no response.  Because I ordered from a group site, I was told it would take a month to arrive.  When the food came, one of the soups, that claimed to be 350+ calories was basically a gross broth, a green bean, a piece of potato, and a carrot.  The Kung Pao chicken was stringy and so bad I threw it away after a few bites.  Just about everything else was either flavorless, or flavorless-with-salt.  The only items I like are the cookies, and they are not that good for you.
The food is always good and very consistent.  10% discount if you pay with cash.  Malai kofta is creamy and delicious, sweet and savory at the same time.  I take out from here often, but usually don't eat here as the decor is sub par and the place itself is kind of dark.
I've never actually eaten at the restaurant itself, but I regularly order for delivery, and it's always really good.  It's pretty easy to end up paying more than you expected- all those naan choices get me- I want to try all of them.  But, for the most part, the food is reasonably priced for decent sized portions.

I also like that I don't have to call to order- I can use foodler and do it online.  It also keeps track of what I ordered last so I don't have to remember what it was that I liked so much :-)  The service is fast and dependable.  The food always arrives within an hour (I don't think that's too bad for an Indian delivery place) and it's always hot and ready to go.
The short: Don't do it. 

The explanation: Bought the groupon like many people back in April. Received the package this week; didn't really phase me that it took so long. I'm vegetarian and I've tried other meal delivery programs before. This one was the most off-putting I've ever seen. It's a big brown box that arrived wet (as in one side was dripping). I opened it up, some of the bags tore and all the food product spilled and it smelled rancid. I didn't even want to put the items in my freezer. BAD experience for sure. Talked to groupon and asked for a refund. I don't even want to deal with the company after the reviews. 

*Note: The food does not look like the pictures - try vacuum sealed plastic bags that have the food frozen inside. Just a mess.
We used to call this place "Scabies" in college....for a reason. Sure, the food is cheap but there is the off chance that it comes with a venereal disease. The location is disgustingly dirty, the only place to sit if you are picking up your food is in a dirty reclining chair.

Why would you choose to eat out of a dumpster when there are so many other quality pizza choices in the area?
This place has absolutely atrocious customer service. It is not worth your time or money to deal with this business. If you have any problems, they don't respond to emails at all. I had purchased a Gather Green voucher for this place but they won't reply to my questions. So, Gather Green (which is an awesome business!) is refunding my money. The representative at Gather Green even asked the person at Gobble Green to respond to me and they still didn't! I see Gobble Green is running another deal today through Gather Green. Don't bother! It seems like a great deal, but they don't deserve your business!
Ordered delivery from here the other night for the first time and it was reallllly delicious. Prompt. Little pricey but well-portioned and very good. Definitely coming back
One word - inedible.  I used my Groupon to get a vegan starter kit and they ended up sending me the Gluten free vegan starter kit.  Most of the meals came nearly all melted and not one, not one was edible.  I complained to Gobble Green and they ended up sending me not 1 but 2 vegan starter kits as a replacement.  The other 2 kits came frozen but all STILL had that HORRIBLE vinegar / fermented smell and aftertaste to them.  Even my wife can smell it several rooms away.  I'm not sure how this company is staying in business and they refuse to respond to any of my complaints.  I have since filed a case with the BBB.  This company makes vegan food look and taste bad.
Blast my cravings for Indian food. Got the Rogan Josh, Vegetable Biriyani, and the naan paneer. 

For starters, can I tell you how much I hate raisins? With the passion of a thousand fiery suns, that's how much. So this might make it look like I'm completely biased, but wait for the rest of it...

So, not only did I have spicy lamb with raisins (WEIRD), but then I ended having to taste that monstrosity again when I threw it up the next morning. My throat burned oh so bad. The bf blamed it on some ice cream I had earlier that day, but I blame the raisins. Not going back. Sorry.
This is a small family owned restaurant. You get the feeling that people that run this place are not top notch business people. The place is almost completely empty every time I go there. One time, my waiter was 14 year old son of the owner/cook. Also, they don't have real salt shakers, they have those little packets of salt that you have to tear open!

Despite all of the above, the food here is really good! I was surprised by the quality, I was expecting something much worse.

I had the Aloo Chole and Garlic Naan. Both were excellent. The mango lassi was mediocre. And the parata was very very good. I couldn't get enough of them.

Also, they have Indian Soap operas running on the TV and it's hard to tear your eyes away from them.
Wasn't sure what to expect from a meal delivery service, but it seemed like a good way to do a vegan test run and avoid washing dishes for a week. I bought the Living Social and curled my toes in anticipation. This must be what having a personal chef feels like, I thought as I perused the little menu that told me what organic, vegan delights I'd be eating on each of the seven days.

It was a long wait (about a month and a half), because the company had been flooded with orders following its Living Social deal, and then a big, square cardboard box lined with what looked like styrofoam and packed with dry ice arrived at my doorstep. CHOCK FULL OF FOOD. Budget-savvy yelpers, know that you can probably stretch the box  o' meals if you supplement it: Some of the breakfasts (chickpea scrambles, oatmeal) are hearty enough to stand in for lunch, and the dinner entrees (Asian tofu, quinoa meat loaf) can be supplemented with rice and a side vegetable. You can squeeze a couple meals out of these entrees if you don't have a huge appetite.

Regarding portion sizes: I found them perfectly adequate. Meals skewed to being a little large, but for the most part, they were good-sized portions and kept me full. It was incredibly time-saving to have all my meals prepared. It reminded me of when I was a kid and hot meals just magically appeared three times a day. Also, I saved a good chunk of change by bringing the meals to work instead of hitting up a salad bar. And I found a vegan diet to be just as energizing and delightful as the Skinny Bitch authors promise.

The taste of the food varies. Some of the dishes were delicious - the tempeh bacon, African medley soup and peanut butter bars, especially. But there were misses, typically when the meal was meant to resemble its non-vegan counterpart (mac and cheese, fettucini alfredo). Kind of bland, but nothing a little Tony Chachere's won't fix.

I'd order from them again for sure. Kind of sad that my li'l box o' meals is almost empty. I'm not ready to go back to the real world, where meal preparation takes longer than five minutes.
Despite the fact that there was no one in there but the counter staff when I came in (on a Saturday afternoon), I was starving, so I grabbed a mini BBQ cheesesteak calzone, and it did the trick.  It was also nice having the place pretty much to myself, so I could just sit there and eat and read.  However, it wouldn't have mattered to me at all if it weren't that way.  Will definitely come back and try some of the other calzones.
Fast service, yummy food, and food that's healthy AND fun. Who could ask for more? I ordered two "types" of food--typical "healthy" fare and food typically associated with "I'm off the diet tonight!"  (general tso's tempeh with fried rice and apple fritters & a spicy, bean-based burger with candied sweet potatoes and mac n' cheese; the opposite was the "healthy" quinoa and greens) IT WAS ALL AMAZING!! AND ALL HEALTHY! My husband and I loved every bite, and he's not even vegetarian!

Service was AMAZING. They called both before they left their store and when they arrived at my door. 

Thank you for introducing me to my new favorite delivery spot!!

And yes--food great for the entire family. And a place that's easy on the wallet. 

Woo-hoo! Please add desserts to your menu. That would rock my world.
I work all over the Amherst  area and whenever I'm in the south part of town, my lunch always comes from Sibies. I have 3 favorites there, all grinders. The Veggies Burger Blast which has hot peppers and other great stuff. The Mediterranean which has sort of a Gyro feel to it and an Italian Cold Cut grinder which is what it seems. Most grinders come with slaw and chips for free! They also have pizza by the pie or slice and you won't find fresher tasting pizza anywhere as the dough is made there, not frozen.
For best results, call your order in about 20 minutes in advance because it can get busy around lunch time.
Good, solid indian food.  Not too expensive, although the amount of paneer they give in their paneer saag was a little stingy.

Not a great place for going with friends; better for take-out of delivery.  Vindaloo, mattar, saag, masala sauces are all good.  Samosas were mediocre, and naan was good but not memorable.
I had a horrible experience with this company. Thank goodness for Living Social customer service. They refunded all of my money. Gobble Green gave me the run around, stopped responding to my emails, and never apologized for their own errors. Plus, the food tasted like cardboard when it arrived months later. I love vegan food, and I so wanted this to be good.
Once upon a time I was this sad unsatisfied vegan eating the same frozen Amys meals every night.  THEN I discovered Gobble Green! They have brought variety to my dinners and have made me a VERY happy satisfied vegan!! They also have delicious pancakes with maple syrup and great chocolate cake.

Their meals are delicious, nutritious, and creative.  They aren't very expensive and are worth every penny coming out of my broke college student back pocket!

My favorite meals include kung pao "chicken", gourmet black bean burger complete with bun, patty, mango salsa, and fries, and last but not least I love their spaghetti and "meatballs"

I have been doing monthly large orders since November 2009 and am so excited at all the meals they have added since.  I'm always checking their website for fun new meals for me to order.  Nothing beats coming home after a long day of work and throwing a delicious meal in the oven for 20 min. while I unwind.  

Thank you Gobble Green, can't wait for my order to arrive next week!
When i saw this place opened up, I thought, what a cool idea, off the beaten "pizza place" track, a restaurant that features pizza's under-appreciated and oft-neglected cousins, calzones.

The good: Prices are very reasonable, around $7 with tax for a calzone that won't leave you hungry at dinner time, or would feed you a couple days if you pack a lunch for work like I do. There's a ton of variety, with dozens to choose from, so that even a picky eater would likely find something to their liking, and a repeat visitor can get adventurous. I had the Buffer Zone (buffalo chicken & mozz.) and the Combat Zone (sausage, pepperoni, green bell peppers, mozz), which were both fine choices. Buffer Zone delivered precisely the right amount of zing on the hot sauce department. Also they're open late, and they deliver.

The bad: Would have liked a bigger stuffing-to-crust ratio. Although the crust was tasty, like a really good pizza crust, it overpowered the stuffing, which was even more delicious. I was hoping for a more rounded calzone, but it was more flat. Another complaint I have is that the marinara dipping sauce tasted a little off, like a bit too sour. Agree with someone else's comment that bleu cheese sauce woulda been nice with the Buffer Zone.

Verdict: I'd def come back again for my calzone needs. This isn't the fanciest-looking place, and there isn't exactly a first-date destination (maybe tenth date?) but it's good food for your money, and a good way to mix it up when you get that pizza craving.
My favorite Indian in Boston! As mentioned the take-out is great, but eating there is GREAT too! Its got a great atmosphere, they have cute little red booths, fun Indian decorations, sometimes during lunch you can catch Indian daytime drama on the TV.

Again, like mentioned its family run, so they are very friendly! They will recognize you and start to say hi if you go in nearly as often as I do!

In my opinion, this place is much better than India Quality! The prices are just as good, and I think the potions are bigger!
Delicious. Mowie wowie is the jam. 
Only issues: ordering w/o cheese results in a cheesy calzone 3/5 times. Ugh. 
Delivering to a large group...please label the zones. They all look the same. And no one wants their friends fingers all up in their zone. 

Otherwise....the food is the point, and its a may zing.
I have been to Nakama on several occasions and have tried most items on the menu. This place definitely lives up to it's name....Japanese fast food! The rice bowls are out of this world, delicious selection of veggies and the curry is to die for (probably  my favorite menu item)! The price is right and the quality is like no other. Where else are you going to get a cali roll with fresh snow crab for $5???!

The atmosphere  has a chill, contemporary vibe, the service is friendly and the food satisfying (quantity and flavor).

Highly recommend :)
I'm giving Gobble Green one star because I can't give then zero. My husband gifted me a Groupon for a week of food. I out in my request early, knowing it was based on availability, and included in my notes for them to confirm that the week I chose was OK. No response. I called. No answer. I emailed and it took them three days to email me back with the wrong delivery day confirmed. I email them again and they say they can't accommodate my request. I accept this, again, knowing it is based on availability. Their offered delivery date comes and goes--no delivery email, no notice from them that it will be delayed. I call, again no answer. I email them again, again no response. It's been almost two weeks and we have nothing. My husband is calling Groupon for a refund. Maybe if Gobble Green spent as much effort on customer service and order processing as they do to posting cute photos (the ones you usually get forwarded from your grandmother) on Facebook, they would have a better rating. I don't think they will last long.
I have left 6 voicemails and sent 2 emails over the past 2 weeks - have not heard back at all.  Like everyone else I was fine to wait - but I've put my order in literally months ago now.  I received a Fedex Shipping notification - with an expected arrival date of April 25th, but the shipment never came.  Why?  Because it was never shipped!!  The FedEx tracking number still says "initiated" - and I still am waiting for a call or email back.

This is getting ridiculous - at the least Gobble Green should return a call or email.
You're telling me there's a restaurant that was voted Best of Boston only fifteen minutes away from Kashmir on Newbury that has the same quality of food for around half the price?  Lead me to the promise land, Yelpers.

The authentic feel to Samraat is pretty evident once you step inside. You immediately recognize the friendliness of the staff and the traces of culture splashed on and along the walls of the interior.  Nothing overly impressive, but a good first impression.  

As for the food: the chicken tandoori was steaming hot and accompanied by some tasty onions and peppers.  At some restaurants, the chicken breast has little to no meat  - this was not the case at Samraat.    The tandoori inside some warm na'an was quite a combination.  My friend who ordered a lamb stew also had decent sized portions.   Reasonable prices for such a great location and good food.  

The restaurant is nice and cozy inside.  The wait staff was very attentive and nice (if not a little bit nervous).  I'd recommend Samraat to anyone who loves Indian food, but especially couples looking for a nice night out away from some of the chaos to be found on Newbury or Boylston.

Four stars for sure.
Sadly, I also need to agree with many of the reviews. DONT DO IT!.

I liked the food, but we ordered off of Groupon and then paid extra for more food and faster delivery. The food didn't come and the we did not get the faster delivery despite paying more money for it. When the food did come it had spent 6 days in transit and was spoiled upon arrival.

We've tried to get in touch with them for resolution, but after three days my patience is gone. We had to call groupon to get a refund and will now need to go through our credit card compnay to see what they can do for us.

It is just too expensive for the risk.
Well I am going to feel like a total jerk for writing this review but this is all about being honest right?

Let me give you a little bit of background before I get into it.  My wife and I are vegan and have been so for 2 years.  Neither of us are picky eaters and we are positive people who love to support local business, especially those that are earth friendly and vegan!  That being said our experience with Gobble Green was less than satisfactory.

It began with our order.....My wife received an email from Groupon advertising Gobble Green meal delivery service for $99 for a weeks worth of food!  That price for 3 meals a day for 7 days cannot be beat and was a great deal so we scooped it up.  I believe their normal price is around $270.  We were stoked!  

Their site advertises that they ship out your order the Monday after you place it but  three weeks later when we had not received  our order we were a bit worried.  We were willing to give them the benefit of the doubt that maybe they were just really overwhelmed for the Groupon deal that they did, but we never heard anything from Gobble Green that they were behind, that our shipment was going to be late or any communication at all.  

But eventually the food did come and we started to dig in....that was about a month ago now and I am still trying to finish some of the food that we were sent simply because it is hard to get up the notion to decide to eat this food.  It was that bad.  Here are the major gripes with some of the food.  I will spare a listing about every meal:

Ocean Medley Stew - well it did taste like the ocean, but not in a good way.

Chili Beans and Chicken - I have not had Robitussin since I was a child and when I ate this it smelled and tasted exactly like it.

Sausage & Cheese Breakfast Sandwich - The bread was so hard that I could not bite through it, no matter now much I heated it or bit it.

Vegetable Stir Fry Quinoa and all other dishes that listed Vegetables - There were one or two pieces of vegetables in each dish, really sad.  

Breakfast Bean Hash - I am not sure what the hash was supposed to be as it was just straight black beans.  

Alright, that's enough.  Basically the food was completely bland and this went through every meal including the desserts.  It seemed with half the meals that they just dropped ingredients in and add no sauce or flavoring  and very little vegetables at all.  My wife thinks that they were so busy that maybe they just gave us left over or old food that was in storage.  It also seemed though that delivering frozen food and having you re-heat it was already a bad way to start.  

Whatever the reason was the food was really bad and this made us sad because we really do want to support local vegan businesses.  Hopefully it was just an anomaly and they are usually delicious but unfortunately I will not be giving them a second chance to find out.  

If anyone else had a different experience recently I would love to hear about it as I hate feeling like the bad guy.  I do wish the business luck and hope they figure out how to make this food more tasty.
Pure awesomeness when it comes to late night munchies. (N.B.: I've only had delivery, so I can't speak to the physical eatery.)

Reasons why DP Dough rocks:
--they deliver way later than just about everyone else on campusfood.com (in fact, I stumbled upon DP Dough when I went to order from my usual pizza places & found they had all switched to earlier closing times).
--large array of calzone options, many vegetarian-friendly 
--the Construction Zone allows you to completely customize your calzone (4 ingredients for the same price as any from the regular menu).  The options are endless: I quickly got hooked on my personal weird-ass creation of BBQ sauce, ranch, onions, and cheddar (they called once to make sure I hadn't made a mistake, which was very gracious of them :).
--quick, courteous delivery
--they deliver to my hood (Cedar Park)--there are several places far closer that won't cross 48th St.
--relatively cheap (can add up quickly @ $6.85 a pop, but price:quality ratio is solid)

My sole grievance: sometimes the Construction Zone option isn't available online (maybe at esp. busy times??)...but, the standard options are so extensive that it's a minor annoyance.
After waiting about six weeks after I placed my order I was expecting my delivery last week.  However, I never received a shipment e-mail so I called the company and asked what the deal was.  They informed me that they were in the process of moving offices so my order was probably pushed back without any notice.  The woman I talked to offered an additional starter pack (in combination with the one I already ordered) for the inconvenience.  I received my package today and half of the food had no label so I don't even know what it is or how to cook it.  About three items were completely thawed out and do not seem safe to eat.  I tried heating up two meals, and they taste exactly like they look.  Which is vomit.  Literally, inedible.  I threw them both out.  If this was a company that offered a weeks worth of food for $20 then I would say go for it.  But, the price is outrageous for the disgusting food and poor service.  Definitely do not order from them. 

I also wrote on their Facebook account saying that I was unsatisfied and had a brief conversation via Facebook with another customer who did not like the service.  However, after only an hour or two both mine and the other woman's post were deleted.  I again posted on their wall asking for them to call me back and stating that if they did not like negative comments then they should provide better service.  Not only an hour later, my post was again deleted.  Obviously someone checks their Facebook on a regular basis, but no one has called me back as of yet.
What are people raving about?!


This place is TOTALLY OH-SO-MEDIOCRE.
Perhaps it's because my fellow brown people have taken me around the city to taste what "Real" Indian food tastes like that this place makes me cringe...but here are my reviews about the food:


Last night, hubby and I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala (hot hot hot), and Lamb Vindaloo (also hot hot hot) with the naan.  My masala was totally too yogurt-y and milky, with not enough tomato paste.  It ended up being more like soupy mush rather than chunky, meaty flavorful stuff.  The chicken chunks were in very different shapes and sizes (don't know why, but I recently found out that I am very annoyed by this), and it just reeked of bad quality.

As for the Lamb Vindaloo (ordered due to the reviews it got), I swear something was rotten in the sauce because it was bitter!  I'm not a big fan of lamb, so I dipped the naan in the vindaloo, ate the small pieces of potatoes, but grimaced with each bite.

Naan was the only thing to remember, but that's REALLY not saying much.  Holy cow.

Anyway, they got the spices right, but the flavoring and quality are overall very, very disappointing and low.

I'll be sticking to my favorite, reliable India Quality for the time being.
5 stars for service!
5 stars for food!

0 stars for serving hot soup in plastic deli containers. BPA in every delicious slurp. For a $5 cup of soup I think they need to up the ante on the presentation.
I've only just discovered Indian food. This was the 4th time I've had it. All at different places and two states. My first good experience was in NY. Now this is my BEST experience in Boston. We ordered dinner last night while waiting for True Blood to start. Abby M. and I got 2 orders of veggies samosa, a garlic naan, a puffy fry bread, a lamb saag, and Abby got something with coconut milk, paneer, cashews and raisins. First of the food cam hot and super fast. Like 45 minutes. The delivery guy was friendly. The samosas weren't greasy and were crunchy and well seasoned. The pickle (spicy chutney) was amazing. Literally I put it on everything so much that next time I need 2 orders. The lamb saag was good. There wasn't much in the way of meat in it. We ordered everything medium heat. Next time we will go HOT. Everything was well prepared and yummy. Other note if you like a substantial amount of rice order extra. We got one big container for the two of us which was fine but didn't leave much for the leftovers. Overall I'm sad I haven't found this place sooner. This is great. Also if you order one Foodler.com you get 15% off your first order.
Requested delivery for January after my vacation:  not available so I set delivery up for 3/5.  Food shipped on 2/6, delivered on 2/9, I was out of town and food totally thawed  by the time I unpacked it.  Food not shipped on 3/5, emails ignored, phone calls not returned for three days.  Finally I got a message telling me food would be shipped on 3/19 but they didn't catch my name in any of the voice mails I left. (How that could happen is totally beyond my comprehension.)  More calls and emails from me.  In return I received a message saying "sorry for the confusion" and agreeing to shipment this week 4/2.  So far no shipping confirmation (when it was incorrectly shipped I received an email on Monday with same, it is now Tuesday).  I've started the emails again.  
DO NOT use this company if you expect delivery when scheduled or to be able to contact customer service.  Deliveries are randomly scheduled not when requested by you.  It might work for you if you never leave town and you shop for food each day.  Otherwise, don't waste your money or time.
Today, I have requested a refund from Trubates.
I highly recommend this hole in the wall tucked away in strip mall on riverdale road. I also recommend you not eat for several hrs beforehand and have nothing planned afterwards. This haphazardly decorated, awkwardly setup eatery haa a vast and delectable menu of sumptuous and flavorful west African dishes as well as some carribean cuisine. I highly recommend their Egussi stew with pounded yam,  jollof rice and fried plaintain. I know I have never experienced food coma like the first time I went. These days I get carryout and enjoy the food when I'm not to far from my bed!
If I could give these guys a half a star I would. A friend gave me a birthday Groupon voucher (valued at $250) for this place in April and it's mid-June and no food has arrived. I have tried phoning their 800 number, tried a live chat, and emailing -- all to no avail. Oh, wait: I got a cheerful email from Kassandra, telling me she got my request -- but then silence. Also, they only deliver via FedEx on Mondays and Tuesdays. What's with that? Grrrrr.  My feeling is that, if a birthday gift is causing this much stress, it isn't worth ordering from Gobble Green.

By the way, notice that the reviewer before me gave GG four stars -- despite the fact that the food was RANCID and had to be thrown out -- and despite the fact that items were missing from the deliveries. 

We Yelpers need to be more diligent with these reviews. We should not be rewarding places like GG with four stars for rancid food, abysmal service and missing food items already paid for. Please!
I might be bias after 100 late night DP Dough orders from college, but one of their calzone always hits the spot.  Buffer Zone (like a buffalo wing) was quite tasty. Also great for a late night post-drinking order.  It's not mama's cooking but for 7 bucks not bad.
Food here is great. A Nigerian friend brought me here, and she swears by this food. Their beans are really good, and I have also tried their ox tail, and beef. Very juicy - great sauce. 

Suya - BAD! Do not recommend. But other than that, their food is really good. 

Now.. this is not a place you come to sit down and eat. More than likely, you want to take it to go. There is no service here, or in general regard to the consumer. I recommend that you call in advance and order your food. They take forever to give it to you... if you order when you arrive - be prepared to wait at least some 30 minutes.
Ate a delicious tuna salad sandwich here today for lunch! There was so much tuna it was a challenge to eat without a fork. I will definitely be frequenting this place! With a drink and chips my total was under 10 dollars! I brought half of my sandwich home to eat later. The staff and atmosphere is very friendly. I have walked by this place many times and I have noticed it is a favorite of some of the doctors and nurses that work at the nearby hospital!! Do yourself a favor and check it out!
I made a reservation for 10 for a Friday night at 7 p.m., and when we arrived, the table was set up and ready for us. Service was great, surprisingly prompt. The mango lassi, naan, saag paneer, lamb vindaloo, curry chicken, and vegetable korma were all first-rate. I forget what else we had -- everything was excellent. Not greasy, not all tasting the same -- very good stuff.

Prices were low, the atmosphere nice. This is not a 5-star place as in "the Ritz," but for a neighborhood Indian restaurant, it was definitely 5-star! We also had four people lay out credit cards (splitting the bill) while everyone else laid out cash, and the waiter never blinked. 

I would say I have had fancier Indian food, with more subtlety -- but I certainly paid a lot more for it. I have also eaten Indian food of this quality in restaurants that aspired to be snooty, paid much more for it, and enjoyed it less. So I was impressed with India Samraat as a whole package, and that's why I say -- 5 stars.
terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible.

The food that I actually did get was ok, even though it was delivered to the wrong address because they don't read or respond to their help tickets.

I had to escalate it with Groupon to even get them to respond to my multiple phone calls and help tickets in the first place, to see when my order would come.

Now my second week of food is MIA (a full week overdue) and they still aren't responding. THIS COMPANY SHOULD NOT BE IN BUSINESS.

I'm so freaking MAD to be treated like this. 

I've opened a complaint with the BBB.
This would be a ZERO if that was possible.  I first bought the product through Living Social.  I'm already Vegan but was looking at an easy way to have portion control.  I had to throw out more then 1/2 of the meals.  They seemed as if they were fermenting ... the ones with tofu were mushy and watery.  But STUPID me wanted to give them a 2nd chance.  I'm so pro Organic/Green, I wanted to give them the benefit...  So I ordered a 4 week program...  The second shipment the ENTIRE shipment was thawed!...  I contacted them and said... my bad but this isn't working I want a refund for the unused portion... NOT EVEN the FULL Portion...  Instead they sent ANOTHER shipment without my authorization.  I called and got voicemail... they did not return my call...  I REFUSED THE SHIPMENT.  If i don't receive a refund in a timely manner... I will be contacting The Better Business Bureau!
Came here for a group-on. I loved the dine-in experience. It was very nicely decorated and clean. The food was delicious. Great service. I will definitely order from here again.
Crappy place and mediocre food. My saag paneer was like the ones you get out of the "fast food" packages from the grocery store. The service is just okay and the place may benefit in being cleaner. The channa masala also was not very good. The naan was decent. Sorry, but I will not come back. There is an indian place at Kenmore Square that tops this one 100 times.  Also, do not order wine here, I guess they make 6 or 10 wine glasses of a bottle because the amount they serve you is ridiculous.
This company deserves negative stars! My food never even shipped, forced to use Groupon to help me get a refund. 

I also bought the groupon deal - 2 of them back in April. I redeemed them as soon as I could and was scheduled 2 separate delivery dates in June. I never got any shipping confirmation, so I tried unsuccessfully to contact them via email and phone for two weeks. I ended up having to call Groupon and had groupon contact them on my behalf. I got one single email scheduling a delivery (which didn't work with my schedule), and was unable to get any reply from another 4 days of trying to call and email. I contacted groupon and asked them to cancel my order for me, which they offered to do at the beginning of the week due to all the problems their customers had been having with this company. 

Since their customer service is horrific, I can only imagine what the shipping and product are like. The only good outcome of this, was the amazing service and patience of the Groupon staff who are processing my refund.
I have been to this restaurant 2 years ago and the food was better. The lamb Biryani was below average and so was the Chicken Tikka Masala. The dal dish was lacking in taste. Their meat samosas were above average. I wouldn't go back simply because there are many better Indian restaurants in the area.
So good - try their spinach crust!
I love this place (almost as much as I love the owner, Mike!). They put anything and everything in their yummy, doughy calzones with great results. I heard this was a chain, but that this location does lots of innovative things you can't get anywhere else - like the dessert zones (OMFG SO GOOD). My absolute favorites are the Chicken ParmaZone (chicken and cheese and ricotta with marinara dipper) and the Buffer Zone (chicken, cheese, hot sauce with blue cheese dipper - better than most wings I've had in Philly), and I really like the Sports Zone (sausage, onion, pepper, cheese) and the Turkey Club Zone (turkey, bacon, ranch, cheese, and I think tomatoes?). My roommates like the cheese bread sticks and the BBQ Chicken Zone. I heard the Maui Wowi (ham, pineapple, cheese) and Philly Steak ones are yummy too. The bacon and peanutbutter dessert zone is infamous for being deceptively delicious, too. I just wish they had french fries :(... though I wouldn't be able to finish a calzone AND fries. I usually get the minizones anyway which are more human portions. The specials are good (check campusfood.com), they have a frequent buyer card, speedy delivery, and that smores zone (graham cracker, chocolate, fluff, with powdered sugar and a decadent cream cheese icing dipper)- it's so good it's bad (because I want it all the time)!! Mike also tries very hard to be a good member of the Penn/Drexel community by donating free zones for big events or for offering a discount for 'catering.' 

I have to admit that I stop here 99.9% of the time I'm on my way home from a night of drinking just to say hi, but I am a sober customer just as much as a late-night one! If you are craving buffalo wings and a sweet ending - definitely try the Buffer Zone and Smores Zone !!!
Excellent sandwiches.  Gentleman remembered my name after one visit. Fresh ingredients.  If you need lunch in this area, this is the place to go.
I'm knocking India Samraat's rating down because I found a rather large piece of CARDBOARD in my veggie korma. It was like 3 days after I ordered, so I didn't go through the hassle of calling to complain ("Remember that veggie korma you cooked on Sunday ...").
I love cafe Luna, and was expecting to love Sola as well given that they were by the same owner.  

My friend and I got sandwiches, chips, and a drink.  It looked like the sandwiches were quickly slapped together, and meat was a little dry. Nothing especially terrible, but for the amount we paid, it wasn't even on par with Luna's.... disappointed.
My go-to Indian delivery joint.

We order through Foodler and are always impressed by how quickly our food arrives. Everything comes hot and seems fresh. I agree with Alexandra S. that the saag dishes are especially good at India Samraat--the spinach flavor really comes through. Spice levels are also good, though I find they err on the side of less spice rather than more. My only complaint so far about the food is that I wish an order of naan contained more than 2 pieces.

Prices are competitive for the neighborhood, and quite a bit less than Kashmir. For 2 entrees and a side of naan, plus delivery fees and tips, we usually end up paying about $30. I'd say that's a fair price for the ability to keep my butt glued to the couch and have deliciousness come to my door.
this place was delish! i was a little hesitant when i saw how small it was but as I got nearer, I noticed all the "Best of Boston 200-" signs all over the windows and doors. What's even cooler is that if you pay with cash, they take 10% off your bill. That is amazing when you're already paying about $6.75 for lunch specials. My favorite dish of all time is chicken tikka masala so I order it as often as possible. It was great! my friend had the aloo chhoe and hers was really spicy but I love the creamed spinach sauce. this is definitely a great hidden gem
Discovered it quite by accident, walked past it from the El and looked in and went "Hmm?" Glad I tried it, great calzones that I can get without tomatoes, being highly allergic and all. My two gripes are I use Levelup and only seems like the one guy knows how to do it, but no big deal. Second only canned soda and coke at that. I need to start remembering my water bottle.

And oh the Dunkers are outrageously good!
I went here because Indian food is my favorite cuisine and they were voted Best Indian in 2007 by Improper/Boston Magazine/something reputable. 

The interior isn't anything fancy, but is clean and fine. The service was pleasant. We started with an Indian beer and wine. I believe the wine was actually an Indian wine, which I was impressed with. 

I had the Chicken Tikka Masala as an entree. Very good. My boyfriend had the tandoori platter which he enjoyed. The only two things I didn't really like- the portions seemed smaller in comparison to most Indian places (I love bringing home tons of leftovers), and the bread portion was especially tiny. We ended up ordering two orders. The bread wasn't even that good. 

To be voted the Best Indian in Boston is a big deal, but my meal definetly wasn't the best Indian food I've had in the city. Yes, I'd go back if I were in the area, but would choose many other places before here.
Did the Groupon and though I won't use this company again, I wasn't as upset as many of the reviewers.  

My package came and inside several of the bags were not sealed properly. I had tortilla soup AND strawberry oatmeal all over everything.  It smelled pretty bad and I had to wash the remaining packages.

Also, a handful of the items did not have tags on them, so I had no idea what they were.

So far, the food as been mediocre.

I only paid half price for it and that is what I got - half the quality I would have liked.
Stepped in here for lunch last week, and it's definitely still new; nobody was there! The gent behind the counter was extremely friendly and welcoming, providing sandwich suggestions and just generally being conversational. Always fun.

As for the sandwich? Slightly toasted bread, with ham, turkey, cheese, lettuce, and chipotle mayo. A solid sandwich, for sure. I'll be back!
Good inexpensive India food.

The food is good, if your not sure what to order I'd recommend this:
Starter: Veggie Pakoras
Main Course: Chicken Saag or Chicken Tika Masala.
Desert: Kheer (Rice Pudding)
Drinks: Flying Horse Beer (22oz bottle, big enough for 2)

This is a medium sized family run restaurant. The prices are reasonable and the food is usually very good. Most nights you won't need a reservation.

Probably not a great place for a 1st date as the atmosphere is a bit sterile, but the grub is good and I eat here about once a week.

Update: Voted "Best of Boston" and all you peeps are sitting in my table! Seriously, it's gotten busy there at the weekends food is still good.
they never got our order initially, and it was next to impossible to get anyone to respond.  when we finally got through via some random email, they corrected the mistake, but also proceeded to send us two other shipments of other customers' products by mistake.

and this all wouldnt have been so bad if the food was even just good - but the food was awful.  there were maybe one or two that were okay, but most everything else was bland, and just basically disgusting.  and im not a picky eater.

i tried to eat a muffin and had to spit it out.  it was THAT bad.

so, yeah, maybe they fell into a groupon hole and couldnt dig themselves out, but im certainly not going to risk it again.
My order arrived melted and rancid. When I called customer service they did not answer and then never called me back. I paid extra to have it shipped sooner and it still took 2 months.

The food is great. Too bad the CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS.
After reading all of the good Yelp reviews for this place, I had high hopes.  Upon entering India Samraat, I was pretty unimpressed with the decor.  The place looks more like a run-down takeout place than a real sit-down restaurant.  The food was ok but pretty unremarkable.  I tried a few different dishes and all of them were pretty average.  The bread was a little too oily for my tastes.  It's not hard to find good Indian food, but India Samraat fails to deliver.  If you want good Indian in Boston, try Bombay Club, Punjab Palace, Bukhara, Kashmir, or India Quality instead.
Love the service and the bread. wish they have specialty coffee there.
Stan's has really fresh, good-quality food at a fair price.  It's also the best deli-style sandwich you're going to get in the Drexel area.

They have quasi-Jewish style sandwiches and a variety of hoagies.  I personally order a cheese hoagie with some veg on top, which I think is about $7 (but it's two meals-worth for me).  They also have surprisingly good milk shakes, for anyone who has the need to eat dessert after every meal (or during the meal in this case).

They close pretty early, but it's possibly because they can't compete with the nearby pizza shops.  Also, it makes them seem more like an authentic deli :)

P.S. Just in local comparison, this place is better than the Nosh on Market St, Abner's, or any of the other sandwichy places that I can think of in the area.
Good stuff. Definitely will go back.
I initially came on board through Living Social - and waited out the initial wait to get ok food.  There are about 6 food items I really enjoy and others that went to the garbage.  I decided to purchase a dinners only program for around $200, the only catch is that you have to sign up for at least 2 months.  The delivery for the first month showed up no problem; however the second delivery that I paid for on Dec 15th has still not shown up yet.  I have had 2 "Delivery Dates" where food never arrived.  The email support Cassandra offers is hit or miss, sometimes she is responsive and sometimes you can wait weeks and not hear anything back.  After last week when the food didn't arrive I asked for a refund but was told they are not willing to give refunds.  Proceed with extreme caution!!
FOOD: Vindaloo will kick your ass with spices, yet Saag was more bland than I'm accustomed to. Rice was perfect, naan was OK, kheer (rice pudding) was very good as well. 

SERVICE: Smiley, attentive, friendly.

AMBIANCE: Quiet, cozy, and the standard Bollywood-style stuff playing on TV in one corner. There was a cool break-dancer on what looked like an "Indian-Idol" style show going on when we were in there.

TIPS: Bail-out special is currently being served: $20 for 2 people includes naan,  copious amounts of rice, two entrees and (one) kheer. Nice!

THE NET: Solid spot for Indian fare in the Back Bay. Being accustomed to great eats from Guru, Punjabi Dhaba and Punjab (Arlington) though, I am a difficult customer to please. Overall, well done India Samraat.
I decided to give this company a try because the meals sounded delicious and sometimes it is hard to find truly good tasting vegan convenience meals.

I purchased a Groupon voucher for my hubby as a gift. Like many people, I had trouble initially using the coupon. I called customer service and the person talked to me like I was an idiot for being confused by their convoluted online ordering process. The food took three months to arrive. When I opened the box, I noticed that the food items were just thrown into a big box and many of the individual items were some of the food labels were missing.

My hubby and I tasted the Fettucine Alfredo meal and it was disgusting! It tasted like a pickled mess - yes, PICKLED! The meal bars and cookies are hard as rocks. I was so embarrassed that I had purchased this as a gift for my hubby. He refused to try anything else, but I was brave enough to try some of the other meals and they just weren't good at all. In addition, I was surprised to see how much sugar and fat just one cookie contains.

When I spoke to customer service about my order, the person was rude and acted as if I were bothering him. Needless to say, I do not recommend this company in any way. Seriously, save your money and either invest in some vegan cookbooks to make the meals yourself or go to Whole Foods and purchase some vegan meals. This company does the vegan and vegetarian lifestyle a great disservice. Did I mention the food tastes awful and you should save your money?
Great place for sandwich and hoagies for the Drexel population.  I love the University Hoagie.  The hoagie had roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomato, cole slaw, and russian dressing.  I love my russian dressing for sure!  The hoagies are large so save it for dinner as well.  My UH costed $8 approx.  Not a bad price.  This place is an owner-operated place by two honest indians.  I think that they are a married couple.  I'd rather spend my money's worth at a local deli than a chain.  They also have a sitting area to eat and next door there's a cafe.  Not too shabby.
Because I'm so mad right now... I am wishing there was an option for zero stars.  Like others leaving negative reviews, I was lured in by a deal on Bloomspot.  I further decided to do a meal plan because the website indicated that this would get food to you right away versus waiting for deal vouchers to be filled, and the terms stated that you had to commit to 3 months of food (they have since changed the fine print to read 8 weeks... I'm kicking myself for not knowing this).  So, here I am... I've been charged for 3 months of food ($660), plus the Bloomspot voucher cost for a week of food (which finally came a month after ordering);  I've received one month's worth of food and now it is like they just shut down and left town with my dough.  Two attempt to send my menu and now three inquiries just asking for someone, ANYONE, to please communicate with me.... Nothing.  Mark my words that I am going after them through the Better Business Bureau and every Internet review venue I can find.  If they couldn't handle the amount of customers that a web deal would bring, then they need to offer refunds... And/or STOP withdrawing fund for a product that they aren't providing.  BEWARE.
I'm updating my review, because the owner, Kevin, reached out to me to see what he could do to support getting my order to me. He apologized, with the explanation that some others have heard... Gobble Green was increasing their staff to meet the capacity, while in the middle of a move, etc. 

The order was here within a matter of days, and contrary to other reviewers comments, the meals looked fine (and safe to eat!) when they arrived.  I haven't tasted them yet, but I will update when I do.

That being said, it did take 2 months to receive my order, and the staff was less than straightforward with me.  I did mention my concerns to Kevin, who hopefully, will at least encourage his staff to be more forthcoming about delivery times when there is the kind of lag that I experienced.
Full disclosure: I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but my girlfriend (who is out of town) is. I saw this place pop up new on GrubHub and decided to try it out, both because I'm trying to eat healthier, and because I wanted to try it out so I could recommend it to her if it was good.

Service was pretty quick! They even called before they sent it out so I would know exactly when it arrived. Definitely a fan of good service.

I ordered the General Tso's entree with two sides: Mediterranean mixed greens and the baked beans. First impressions when it arrived was that the portions were a little small- however, it ended up being very filling.

I wouldn't necessarily describe the General Tso's tempeh as being a particularly accurate imitation of regular General Tso's, at least the kind that you normally get from a Chinese place. That's not a bad thing- it's quite good on its own and definitely holds its ground. It's tempeh in a light garlic/soy sauce tossed with broccoli. I thought it was really good - 4 out of 5 stars. Next time I would like to try the boneless wings.

The baked beans had a good flavor, but the beans themselves were a little undercooked. That said, I enjoyed them as well and they reminded me of my mom's homecooked baked beans, albeit without bacon.

The mixed greens, surprisingly, were the standout star of the meal. 5 out of 5. I've never had mixed greens like that! They were full of flavor, and tangy and peppery. I would advise you try this side.

Overall I recommend this as one of the better options uptown for tasty, delicious vegetarian or vegan food. A solid entry (and I might add that the prices are quite reasonable).
Ahhh, DP Dough. I almost have to give a 5 star rating just because of all my great college memories thanks to this place!

DP Dough is a franchise, which specializes in delivery/to go calzones. But these aren't you run of the mill cheese and sauce calzones that you can get at almost every pizza place. These are highly diversified calzones, which come with all different kinds of delicious fillings. This time around, I got the "Buffer Zone" (all of their calzones have these goofy names), which includes breaded chicken, mozzarella, hot sauce, and bleu cheese (and they all come with a side of marinara to dip). 

I went to UConn for 4 years for undergrad, and ordering DP Dough after a night of drinking was one of our rituals back then. Biting into my "Buffer Zone" the other day instantly took me back to those days, of which I have many good and bad memories. Overall though, DP Dough was one of my favorite parts of going to this school, and I haven't had the chance to enjoy one of their calzones since then (almost 4 years now!). So, for that, 5 stars to DP Dough (though to be honest, if I had tried this for the first time, and was sober, I would still probably give it 3-4 stars lol).
Needs improvement.  I wouldn't call it a "sushi house"

I went here with my partner for lunch on the weekend. We were expecting more variety with the sushi. There were only a few rolls on the menu and with the exception of their "California roll", the selections were bizarre... I have never had lettuce or apple inside sushi before.  Also, I think the spicy salmon roll was the only roll they offered raw.  They only had maki.  No sashimi or nigiri.  They had a lot of unique, fun looking items on the menu, but where are the basics?

We were turned off by the plastic utensils, styrofoam cups and paper plates.  It did not match the nice decor.

The price was too high for what you get.  A Cali roll was $5.  I'm used to paying around $11 for three maki rolls with miso soup, and salad --- and this is with better quality rolls (salmon, tuna, yellowtail, snapper).

Despite the turn-offs; The honey-sweetened iced green tea was good; the menu was unique and different.  The quality of the rolls was better than the other sushi places in the area.  Let's face it... Indiana is not the best place to get sushi, so I'm generously giving this place 4/5 stars.

What this place does well:
Good customer service
A unique fresh look at the menu
Good quality, considering we are hundreds of miles away from fresh seafood

Where this place needs improvement:
Trendy plateware to match the atmosphere
A better selection of sushi.  Types and ingredients.  Don't forget the basics.
Sushi Combo Special (Miso, Salad and 2 rolls, etc)
I had Aloo Choe for appetizer, and Shrimp Biryani for entree, with a whole wheat tandoori bread and mango chutney.

It was all just barely OK.  Really, it was mediocre.  Not much to say about it except nothing was skillfully prepared or very tasty.

When I was talking back to my hotel I walked by two restaurants that looked much better--wish I had walked on the other side of the street toward this Samraat place, because I might have given one of them a try.
I've worked right around the block from India Samraat for about 6 years now - but It was a Groupon that brought me in for the first time. Unlike many other Groupon purchases - it won't be my last visit. 

The service was excellent and the food was exceptional. I've had my fair share of the same old indian in Boston - and this set a new standard. From appetizers to main courses - everything was above expectations ( the naan wasn't the best i've ever had - but maybe it was an off order..) 

The service was fast and prompt to order, no hovering around the table throughout the meal. Food and drinks both came out promptly. There was a little lag time waiting for the check at the end of the night - but they were getting a wave of customers at that point so i'll cut them some slack.

Glad I found India Samraat - I'll be back!
after reading the many great reviews here, I came with high expectations. perhaps that was my first mistake. I came with a few other girls & we were really effing hungry. we ordered lots of different things to sample from the menu, veggie & meatie.
I cant even be bothered to distinguish the various dishes from each other, because none of them were memorable. the food was served luke warm. not very spicy or flavorful.
maybe I have been spoiled by the superior curries in england, or having home cooked 5 course meals from my indian ex-bf's family. but I have yet to find any indian food that impresses me here in boston. 

Unless you are really desparate, dont waste your money here.

(* Bukhara in JP is my favorite so far)
I can't say enough bad things about the company and I didn't even eat the food!  I bought the Living Social deal and finally got a refund issued today.  The long shipping time was not a big deal since I was completing a detox diet and going on vacation.  I got the shipping notification and the package was to be delivered on a Saturday when I was out of town.  I tried contacting them with no response.  I arranged for someone to be at my home on delivery day and no delivery - FedEx mis-delivered the box and it didn't arrive until Wednesday (over a week after shipment).  The food was rancid and smelled like death.  FedEx was apologetic but needs the claim filed by the shipper.  I have e-mailed and left messages for Gobble Green at least 10 times in total.  No response even after I had Living Social contact them.  The mis-delivery is not their fault but zero response to daily calls/e-mails is unacceptable.  I was very pleased Living Social issued a refund...I don't even want to eat the food after reading these reviews!
Pro
1. they're huge
2. open late
3. delivers good area
4. always have specials

Con
1. tasted like air. they need salt or some sort of better sauce... yuck!
2. maybe better ingredients?
3. not a dine in spot, all the delivery people sit in the dine in area.. awkward!
4. staff could be nicer. they seem cold and bored.
Got a deal through Bloomspot and was well aware that the box would take 5 weeks or more for delivery so was fine on that point. My sister and I were extremely excited when our box of Vegan/Gluten-free goodies finally arrived. BUT - half of everything we've tried so far has been rancid! Each dish has the same distinct carbon/vinegar aftertaste. We take a bite, gag, and toss it in the trash. When we received the box several of the items were not frozen, but were still cold so we put them in the freezer anyway (realizing now this is probably the issue).  Honestly, the stuff that isn't rancid didn't taste the best anyway. "NO!!!!," we both cried - we wanted to love Gobble Green so bad! Gluten-free vegans have the hardest time with food and this seemed like the perfect solution. Boo.

Just contacted them via their website so will keep you posted on their followup.
My husband and I both got food poisoning yesterday after ordering the dinner from this restaurant.
A lot of people on here seem to be disappointed with the portion sizes, but I found them to be average.  I still ended up taking home leftovers and I have a fairly large appetite.  I do agree that the naan was on the skimpy side though.  We had three pieces of naan for two people.  Most places I have been to give you a full basket.

Vegetable samosas were delicious.  I had the Chicken Dhansak as an entree and I was warned by the waiter that it would be very spicy.  I told him that wasn't a problem since I was hoping it would be very spicy (sometimes items are advertised as spicy and end up being fairly mild) and it did not disappoint!

I will definitely be back.
A nice dependable place with good food, and delivery to Cambridge.
I found this place way too long after I had lived in Boston. It's right on Mass Ave before the bridge into Cambridge. 
It looks small and not very interesting from the outside. 
But, trust me, just go in and try some of the great things they have cooking up at India Samraat. I'm still thinking about their cheese naan daily. They have whatever you want and it is all made to such a high quality. Fresh ingredients. Cooked just right. I've tried the saag paneer at many places and this may just be my favorite. The portions are a little small but that's the way i like them- why should we pay a lot to take leftovers home and have them not be as good the next day?
My sweet, well-meaning mother bought me a Groupon for a Gobble Green vegan starter-kit as a birthday present this year.  I appreciated the sentiment and was excited about the idea of having prepared foods in my freezer for those days when it is just too hot to cook, but you could not pay me to ever order this stuff again.

The long delay between order and shipment didn't bother me, because I've had that experience with Groupons before; I also didn't have to deal with customer service at any point, so I can't speak to those negative experiences.  But I can say that the food we received -- while all unspoiled and properly packaged -- was shockingly bad.  I am not a professional chef by any stretch of the imagination (though I do watch a lot of Food Network), and even I know that some of these foods cannot possibly be good once frozen and reheated.

Oatmeal turns into dried-out mush; peach cobbler becomes a gooey, gluey mess.  Defrosted cabbage has the consistency of a slimy sneaker insole.  It's like someone knows a bunch of great recipes but has never actually thought about what might happen once they've been frozen.  (But you'd think that Gobble Green, in the business of frozen meals, might have tested these things once or twice.)

And then there are the recipes that don't seem like they could have been good no matter WHAT we did to them.  A carrot and coconut salad tasted incredibly sour.  "Chocolate peanut butter bars," despite several different ingredients on the label, really tasted like someone had frozen a half-cup of peanut butter with a few chocolate chips folded in.  Seriously, this stuff was mostly inedible, and those occasional bites that I could actually swallow were nothing to write home about.

Don't be fooled by the online deal and the seemingly great price.  This is one to avoid, avoid, AVOID.
I was bummed that it wasn't better...had the california roll it was fine -couldn't taste any crab though-they don't have eel sauce (Kabiyaki) but gave me a very salty sauce instead. The salad was very fresh- their ginger dressing has wayyyyyy too much vinegar and oil. My hubby said the beef curry was good. Ordered the karaoke potato patties they had the potential to be good but were so mushy inside I was turned off. My son got the  nakama nugs and was freaked out because the meat was red inside-they are skinnier than a normal nugget...the katsu needs work. The decor was pretty cool and staff was good. The blues music was odd. By the way-many of the rolls have "Nakama peppers" in them-I inquired and was told they are sauteed jalapeno slices with brown sugar and are extremely hot...pass.
Probably won't be back it smells like a greasy fryer when you hit the door. I wish them luck though!
I did Gobble Green through a Groupon.  They did not deliver the food on the date specified so I received my money back.  A few weeks later the food showed up.  The variety wasn't as good as stated online and not all of the food matched up with the specific menu they sent me, but it tasted pretty good.  However, while eating a peanut butter cookie, I found a piece of what I assume was a LATEX GLOVE in the cookie.  I tried to call both times (when the food wasn't delivered on time and to report the latex cookie) however it is impossible to get through to anyone.
Great food. No complaints. Solid Saag
Bought and redeemed a Spreebird voucher.  Food never arrived.  

My first stated delivery date for my food was July 2, 2012.  When it never arrived, I inquired and got a response vaguely suggesting the order had shipped, but it was clear it had not (I was provided no tracking information and they acted as though they were going to just send me a "new" free order).  I rescheduled my order for delivery on July 23, 2012.  It is Friday, July 27, 2012 and it has not arrived.  Gobble Green customer service won't give me a straight answer as to whether it was ever even shipped.  

Based on the other reviews about how terrible the food is, looks like I dodged a bullet by NOT having to eat it.
A surprisingly great delivery choice; like everyone else, I'm a devotee of Foodler [I work in a call center and try to avoid the phone at all costs while at home].  We decided to order from here tonight with some friends, when I got home from work too late to cook.  

The selection had something for everyone, and it actually took a few everyone saying "Oh, I want that! ... or maybe that?" before we actually ordered.  I tried a few different things: chicken saag, Samraat's special naan, raita and kheer.  The chicken saag (mild!) was really well seasoned and the chicken was really tender.  The rice that came with it was perfectly cooked and smelled/tasted great.  The special naan was worth the $5.25 - it was stuffed with mango, coconut, raisins and nuts, and it was such a tasty combination, a much better dessert-like item than the kheer, which I felt had much too grainy a texture to really be enjoyable.  

The food here was good enough that my boyfriend, who only semi-enjoyed his first foray into Indian food, ordered the Samraat Special [basically every friend appetizer], kept tasting everything I got and saying "Why didn't I get THIS?"  It was very cute, though it was a sad moment when he ate half of my naan.

The prices are a bit higher than I'd normally pay for delivery, but the quality of food is definitely worth it.  It's nice that there's a coupon for delivery via Foodler, though even with that, we ended up paying about $15 per person.

I've already got my eye on some of the other naan for next time we order!
I have had the same experience as many others. I purchased the groupon and ordered the vegan gluten free starter kit option. I then received an email that I could place an additonal order so that I may receive the shipment sooner. I placed my order, received my shipment within 2 weeks. It was not the gluten free option and was missing several items including. I called and called customer service, no answer, no response to messages I left. I emailed and eventually Kassandra responded, apologized and said my order would ship in 2 weeks. Then came an email informing me the shipment would be delayed because of their move but the order would ship on the 21st, June 1st, no response to emails, no shipment. I can't/won't comment about the quality of the food since most of it I can't eat anyway. I  disappointed and feel I have been robbed. The volume is obviously more than this company can handle, so why do they keep doing it?!? It is only resulting in complaints to BBB, requests for refunds, and no returning customers. Buyer beware!! Wish I had read the reviews, would have saved a lot of time and $$$