For those of us who are not aficionados of beer, their beer sampler is an excellent way to go. Great place for friends & families.
I came in on a Thursday afternoon, a day after UW students started school. Pretty busy, but not in the bar area. 

I sat down at the bar, was greeted promptly by a pleasant waitress and was given a menu. I ordered the Original Cheese steak with slaw and fries. It was pretty good, however the price was a bit steep. Total bill with a soft drink cost around $12 and that's not including tip. 

If you're looking for a good meal for cheap, I wouldn't come here, considering you're on the AVE and there are a TON of cheap eats around. However, it's a good place to watch a sports game, have a couple drinks and catch up with friends. Pretty much geared toward older folks and rich kids.
Yeah, I love me some sausage. But come on: can't you have more than one or two items on the menu for under 10 dollars? Like, give me a small sausage with no sides or something... I need a little variety. Suffice it to say, the food is extraordinarily good. Good fries, good burgers, good saurkraut... And they have a nice German beer selection. Also, Sunday has happy hour all day (you need that drink after church) so that made me at least forget about having to pay 11 dollars for their sausage.
WHAT?!?!?  WHO THE HECK PAYS 8 DOLLARS FOR A HOT DOG?!?!? (was my original reaction)

But it was decent hot dog.  You really cant beat any sandwich that has a toasted bun.  The fries alone are worth it enough to show up.  I would have to say that the beer selection is varied and very german indeed.  

In the end, its just a hot dog though and pricey one at that.  It doesnt really fill you up but its a great snack.
never had authentic german food so I wouldn't know how authentic this place is, but the guy working there had a german accent and would end every sentence with "my friend" so it seems pretty authentic to me. 

The food is pretty good, nothing spectacular, I had a basket of french fries, a bratwurst on top with ketchup all over it...it was a real culinary masterpiece.
Simple, homey and well done comfort food. Terrific goulash!
I've had pretty good experiences here in the past and recently came by towards the end of a Friday HH.... and found it almost completely packed. I was pretty surprised and glad that two of our friends were late, because there weren't any tables open when we got there (so we sat at the bar).

The service was great. We were in a hurry because we had plans to see a movie about 45 minutes (after the late friends arrived), so we mentioned it to a server. About 15 minutes later another staff member came by and checked in to make sure we're still on track for getting to our movie on time. The staff actually communicates!?! This is kind of amazing!

HH deals.... eh. They're alright. Food-wise you're kind of limited because they only had two options of wings, chili cheese fries, (three) mini burgers, and their junkyard dog. It was pretty tasty, but each food item cost $5 and that didn't really feel like a great deal. The HH beer specials give you a choice of the daily micro or the daily German... and they were so-so on that day. I learned that I'm not a Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale kind of girl.

I'd give Shultzy's a 3.5 if I could. This is a tough one... but, it's been flavorful and service has been good, so.... I think a 4 sounds better.

Random tid-bit: One time I saw a woman walking out of there with her ~13 year old sons and saying "If you go to UW, you are not going to eat here! This place is WAY out of your budget!" I was kind of sad to hear she was putting such limitations on what they should expect to amount to.
Four Stars!

...and this is for the bowling alone. I attended a private function here in the bowling alley and it was a blast! State of the art lanes with fully automated scoring. Flat screen TV's and booming sound system....oh wait...none of that. Overhead hand written score cards, not a single TV in sight, music blasting over an iPod speaker system, stuck pins and gates, bowling in socks or barefoot. Yet, still I love this place. A throw back to the old school bowling alleys of my youth. Six lanes of pin crashing goodness! A short walk up the stairs gets you to a huge rooftop patio overlooking the courtyard. 

I can't comment on the food or drink here, as it was catered by Matt's El Rancho. I won't even begin to talk about the food...let's just say drinking enough beer makes anything edible.

As this was my first trip here, I'll revise when I get a chance to head back and actually try Scholz proper. In the meantime...this dude will abide...
Can't beat it for a fattening and warm meal. Good beer, good fries, good sausage.

The breakfast is alright, not amazing. Have pretty good veggie options too.

My fav is the Italian sausage with onions/peppers, marinara, and cheese on a bun. They also have great sauerkraut and *very* good coleslaw. The new sweet potato fries are good, but I'd still go with the classic fries.

My only complaint is that they don't have *great* service. 

TIP: make sure you ask to have your check split while taking the order if you're in a big group. They can get kinda goofy about splitting it later. Also, for 6 or more 18% gratuity is auto-charged.
I like these kind neighborhood feeling restaurant/bar, though their smoky salmon omelet is a little bitter over cooked. Overall it is a good place to hang out with your friends. :).  Btw, I do wish I visited this place before quit drinking. lol
The bartenders are great, the selections are great. A very enjoyable evening!
We meant to try Bier when we lived nearby but never had a chance. So we finally got to try brunch here last Sunday. Luckily, they had the Knicks game on.  
They offer a free mimosa for brunch. 
The atmosphere reminded me of an indoor beer garden (probably because of the bench style seating). They have a good selection of beer but we got cocktails instead, which ended up being surprisingly good. 
I ordered the currywurst which was ok. The crab cake benedict was good as well. I would have to say that the star of brunch would be the truffle fries. 
The service is a bit spotty but not unbearable.
The real gem is that the tables are big enough for large groups and the beer flows in 3 sizes: 1/2, 3/4 and full pints. Try the pumpkin ale or hard cider!
The music is consistently good - between JayZ and dubstep- which clashes with the look of the venue's pre-setup beer pong, darts, and jenga activities.
GREAT staff and spacious enough to feel like you can breathe but crowded enough so you're in the IN crowd. Prost!
My memories date back 20 years, back when I was a UW student, Schultzy's Sausage was a newly opened hole-in-the-wall, and all food on the Ave. was cheap. 

The andouille I remember was mildly spicy--just the right amount--but now it tastes tame. In fact, the menu now says it's not spicy. That part is mildy disappointing, but the sausage itself is still tasty. And it comes piled high with grilled peppers and onions on a fresh and tasty roll. It's sitting on a massive bed of super-skinny shoestring French fries cooked nice and crispy and adorned with a small cop of unadulterated cole slaw. 

As always, I began with a cup of sinus-opening chili with slices of yummy sausage.

All of it is fresh and tasty and the service I quick and friendly. My one qualm is that this simple meal now takes a full $20. That makes it no longer a staple for the student crowd, but a luxury to be indulged only occasionally. Yet a yummy indulgence it still remains, and is still a destination on every Seattle trip.
It was fine.  The food wasn't amazing, I would rather eat the food at German Park.  It's a neat place to drink at.
Shultzys is a local college favorite that provides that claims to be "Seattle's Wurst restaurant." I couldn't agree, or disagree more. The menu at Shultzy's is diverse and includes several types of sandwiches, Philly cheese steak, fresh ground hamburgers, fresh ground sausage sandwiches and even veggie burgers. All sandwiches are served over a basket of crispy, seasoned fries and a side of refreshing coleslaw. 
 I ordered the Original Cheese steak sandwich which comes on an amoroso roll and is smothered with provolone cheese, peppers and onions. The meat used for the cheese steak was high quality and the entire sandwich was a delicious and sloppy mess. I would also recommend the Spicy Chicken sandwich and the house special, the Shultzy, which is a freshly ground mix of sausage and meat served Hoagy style (sub length, not round) and topped with peppers and onions. 
 Every sandwich is tasty and filling and Shultzy's offers a great selection of domestic and international beers on draught that complements each meal. Shultzy's deserves 5 stars and you deserve a visit to Shultzy's.
Its ok. The atmosphere is unique, very Bavarian. The service was quick and friendly. The food... ehh. I got the veggie burger, def not the "best veggie burgers in town". Both the burger and the fries were overdone. The burger was over charred and the fries were too crisp. The coleslaw was good. My husband said his sausage was good but not big enough to warrant the name "junk yard" Its probably a good place for a couple beers with friends but I don't think the food is worth a stop.
My only real complaint about this place is that after two days of having the picture of a vanilla pudding dessert dish taunt me, they were all out:( However this place is delicious and that alone gave me a reason to come back.
Good German food! Sholtz is really close to a lot of things in downtown Austin. We were at a sporting event at the Fank Erwin and walked right over. We beat the crowds luckily and got a seat inside. Food came out quickly and it was good! Prices are very reasonable for a dinner spot. It can get pretty noisy if there is a crowd but overall a really neat place!
The fires were pretty good through the pork was kind of over heated and hard.

But love the taste of the food overall~
Used to be better when it was just a hole in the wall...I still have my round tuit from shooting nickels up over the cook's head.
If you  know what I mean you were an Ave rat in the 90's or before!

Love the andouille sausage, but the fries? not so much love.
Service was pretty okay, especially since the recent visit had us all there including the 3 year old octopus-boy.

My recommendation is go back in time and try the old Shultzy's.
Went for dinner. Got the Bohemian Schnitzel (schnitzel with cinnamon apples and swiss cheese), with sides of red cabbage and spaetzle, and a Thomas Kemper Ginger Ale. Everything was great.  The red cabbage was cooked to a perfect al dente and had a great sweet and peppery taste.

In total, cost me $15, which felt just slightly high for what I got, but I enjoyed my food enough that I will likely return to try more of their dishes.
Shultzy's was good!  The $11 beer in a maß was cool, but not really a good deal - except you got to keep the maß.  We split the German sausage platter, which we felt was a good amount of food for two people, and the wait staff was friendly, attentive and helpful.  Also a plus, it wasn't screaming loud with sports, and there was a good variety of sports on the various televisions.  I'd totally go again, or meet friends there for a quick bite if I was in the neighborhood.
The fries ARE actually very good.  But this place is kinda out of the way for me and also a bit too college-ey.  The german sausage was good.
Bier International is an oddly banal, determinedly inclusive spot. Post-hipster ? Post-gentrification unification ? Certainly, "pop-up" culture. 

As a physical space, Bier International has a very temporary, thrown-together-at-the-last-minute feel. It is casual in the venerable American tradition of flip-flop culture, overwhelmingly noisy, and with a sense that patrons are absolutely determined to pursue a good time and "commune" with everyone around them. The word pretentious comes to mind, but does not quite fit. The crowd is diverse in terms of age and race, but not at all, it seemed, in terms of class or cultural background. 

Bier International probably does not quite attract people as much as provide one of the only venues of its kind in the area. That said, in view of the service, the food, and the general ambience, in any other area of the city it would fail overnight, or not be opened at all. After visiting myself, I find the rave reviews nothing short of astonishing. 

Seating is at large, communal tables, which means that the entire bench must rise and move when one of the inside sitters needs to leave. 

Service is excruciating slow; inattentive would be a vast understatement here. We waited for 20 minutes for drinks, only to notice our waitress lingering by the bar, deep in conversation with another employee. We managed to flag down another employee (busy boy ? manager ? who could tell), who did agree to inform our waitress. Ten minutes later he himself arrived with them.

We both had steak frites, basically edible but under-under-whelming. While clearing our plates, the server managed to drop silverware into my lap.
Swung by for dinner with a friend on Friday night and had an awesome currywurst (bratwurst, fries, curry sauce) and Hefe-weiss. Why didn't someone else think of currywurst?! As a person who loves hot-dog/sausage products it was a wonderful combination. 

A little loud - it's more of a bar than restaurant at 10:30 PM - but we found a place to sit without too much trouble. Attentive servers, quick service, and inexpensive (total bill of 2 currywursts, 2 beers = $22). Really nice crowd of eclectic 20- and 30-somethings who all seemed to live in the neighborhood.
The sausage is awesome.  All the other reviews talk about it so I won't go too in depth but it is tasty.  I don't know this for sure but I have heard that they make the sausage themselves.  The buns are unique too.

What sets this place apart is the cheerful service and great German beer.  Shultzy's is doing it better than Prost, Die Bier Stube and Feierabend.  The beer is cheaper and you don't have the same level of pretension at Shultzy's.

The patio is great and best of all they have a sweet happy hour.  Thursdays are $3.50 for .5l of German beer.  That is about half the price of the other "German" places.

I highly recommend this place.
Okay, the options are limited when it comes to German places in downtown Ann Arbor, but this one is not too shabby.  You definitely feel like you're in a German theme; just don't expect the food to knock your socks off!
A really nice experience for our group of 7 visiting on Family Weekend. As most restaurants that we've found in Troy, the neighborhood and the outside of the place leave much to be desired, which concerned the older members of our group. But we've had enough worthwhile dining experiences in the area to get past this. 

Our table was set for us in a special little dining room, and between the 7 of us we tasted most of what was on the menu. Everything really was excellent - the samplers, the sausage, the schnitzel, the pierogies, stuffed cabbage,  potato pancakes. Service was slow but leisurely and a nice change from what we are used to in this country - all that rushing! We knew everything was being freshly prepared and appreciated that. One thing, it is very difficult to find items on the menu if you are watching your weight - I was able to make do with the fish with sauce on the side and two of the lighter cabbage sides (lovely waitress was helpful), but all the tasting I did of everyone else's food didn't help.

The dessert crepes are fantastic, including the freshly made whipped cream.  We will go back if time and schedule allow. A nice change from some random chain restaurant for sure - we need more like this! Reasonable prices help too!
This is my second review of this place. I was a fan of bier since soft open, so I have watched them grow. In the beginning, it was one of my favorite local spots. The menu is great, the atmosphere WAS quiet and relaxed. 

Sadly, once word got out about Bier, it was overrun and turned into a circus by the new Harlem gentry and their toddlers and babies in strollers. 

I don't understand restaurants/ bars that allow families to bring noisy, needy small children. It ruins the atmosphere and should have no place in a bar where I go to drink a beer and enjoy myself after a long day. 

After months and months of trying to enjoy the great menu and beer selection here, I have stopped going. It's impossible to even think when you are surrounded by entitled, wealthy, vapid young families with kids who demand everyone's constant attention. 

Including the wait staff. They are a cross section of all the bad service available throughout harlem. They aren't trained properly and it takes a half hour to place a drink order. I have been forgotten completely after asking to pay the bill - on several occasions. Why do I bother with this joint? 

Oh, because it had potential. My recommendation: get some control over your staff, and put your foot down about guests who ruin the atmosphere. Also, you might think of putting some wood or foam on the walls and ceiling because the joint is LOUD. 

The place can be enjoyable on a monday at 4PM if you manage to beat the yuppie families. But the kitchen won't be open.
A peek into the future of gentrified Harlem. Excellent beer selection, and delicious munchies. Good staple German plates too. One more reason Freddy D's is hoppin' these days. The prices are up there but the choices warrant them (Delirium and truffles fries are inherently expensive ... But oh so good!)
3rd or 4th time.in here... Staff is wonderful and beers are on point - bring back oktoberfest half-memories... This time i followed the brew up with nachos that of course were delicious and adequetly sized.
Snuck in just before HH ended & scored currywurst & fries for $5 & a half litre of Maisel Spaten for $3.99!  Good food + good service = yummy dinner.  Prost!!
Great place to hang out in Harlem. The beer selection is superb but the prices are a little high. 

~I hear the food is GREAT!
Drinking a nice cold beer on a hot summer afternoon, after work is always, in my opinion, a great way to finish off a long work week. We came here to temporarily escape the usual watered down drinks of other NY places with a taste of beers in the middle of Harlem.

There was outdoor seating, but the nice cool breeze inside was a better feeling, and a great option.

We both got the grand sampler. I ordered the Erdinger, Delirium Tremens, Jenlain Ambree, Krusovice, and Six Point Sweet Action;  All of which come in 5 oz glasses.

A few notes on what I can remember:

Krusovice has a champany sweet taste to it.
The Six Point, has a dark, richer taste than the Erdinger, despite the lighter color which can be a bit deceiving.
And the Delirium, Jenlain, and Erdinger were all my favorites for a light not so dense taste.


As always when tasting different beers, start from lightest to darkest.


Cheers
I dig this place. I've only been to the downstairs portion of the bar. Great atmosphere especially since the smoking ban took effect.  I recently quit smoking, but even when I was a smoker, I considered the amount of smoke offensive.

The people here are really chill and are looking to have a good time. I've only had the appetizers so I can't testify to the authenticity of the German food, but the appetizers are what you would expect.

The only downside is the price. I went here for my birthday and had 2 boots and 1 half-boot. I knew the prices of the boots ($20 for the big-boot, $10 for the half-boot) so that wasn't a surprise, but when the check came and I discovered each shot of Jaegermeister was $10 (!!!!!) I wasn't too happy. Thankfully, I was drunk enough that I forgot about that injustice by the time I walked out of the bar.

All-in-all, this is a great place to go have fun with your friends. Enjoy the boots, avoid the Jaeger and make sure you ask for the price of a drink before you order.
If you're looking for a place that's got the feel of a college hang out, look no further. Schultzy's is a great balance between bar and restaurant that's right next to campus. They have a great selection of beer and have a delicious, not-safe-for-your-heart menu to go along with it. This is the only bar on the Ave that's open to all ages all night so it makes it easier should a crowd have all ages.

The best deals are to go during happy hour for the $5 bar food items and the beer of the day. Some of my favorites are the pulled pork sliders and the sweet potato fries. It's a perfect combination when ordered together! They also have cocktail specials for each day of the week, which more often than not is a double. And don't forget about their sweet tea!

They've got plenty of room and awesome booths to host parties of 4-8 (depending on how chummy you want to get with your friends). Head down early on a Tuesday night if you want to be a part of trivia night!
Love this place!!!  We live pretty far away, but come to U-District every Saturday for my puppy's training class, so we come here pretty much every week.  They have red and white sausages and we love the red one with the spicy currywurst sauce!  We've also tried the mushroom hunter sauce but didn't like it as much as we were expecting.

Another one that we really love is the peppercorn cream schnitzel... it is AMAZING!  The fries that it comes with are pretty good too and it goes great with their curry ketchup which is soo much better than regular ketchup!

The place always smells like their sugar glazed almonds, which is soo good and addicting!  We've been here every weekend for the past few weeks and love it, we'll definitely be back!
Honestly, depending on what you do and when you go, this can be the best place ever or the place you'd never want to come back to. The vast majority of beer they have are hefeweizens (from hefeweiss to dopplebock -- I don't remember seeing an eisbock there though). They also have a full bar, but I've only gotten beer there, especially when they had Scheneider Edel Weisse. And yes, you can order a boot.

The pros and cons are basically split by levels for me. Going downstairs (which is where most people go) has been mostly a bad time in my book. The bartender can be very unprofessional: ignoring customers ("you guys are next to someone's sit and I don't care to serve you!"), kicking clients out for seemingly innocuous requests ("can we get some water and by the way we already asked 3 times?"). It also gets crowded on Fridays and Saturdays, the juke box gets pretty loud and if you're planning on talking to people be prepared to yell.

On the other hand, the ground floor is mostly ignored. We've gone there with a big group (16 people) to grab a beer and maybe a late night snack and easily got a table immediately. The bartender has always been great ("Oh! It's your birthday?! Here is a round of shots on the house and I'll get you another one after you have some beer"). The food is decent and not terribly expensive. The biggest attraction for me has been the variety of German beer and the fact that it's a cool place to hang out and have a conversation.
I came here excited for a new local place.  To say I was disappointed is the understatement of the century.  Granted, it was their "soft opening" AKA We don't have our liquor licence yet and need to make money.  I'm not going to get into the specifics of the meal on this one. I don't believe it deserves it.  I will however say that the menu is all over the place.  Normally I applaud bars/pubs that can pull of multi-national cuisine.  This, sadly, is not the case here.   The wait staff  was courteous if not slow (which is the only reason for a 2.)  Please for the sake of Troy establishments stop trying so hard to travel the globe in a menu.  Stick with something that works and make it your own.  It's not likely I'll be back there anytime soon.
A close and decent place to have a beer before or after a UT event.  I usually just have an appetizer and no meal.   Try the Fajita Nachos or potato skins.  Service is slow.
Had a Red Brat Special here, good stuff. The "brat sauce" is curry-y and lemon-y.
Stopped in here this weekend while waiting for some people to finish up the MS150 and this place was right along the path to the finish line. The location was good and there was plenty of places in the back to toss a bike, which was very nice considering. Lots of seating, inside and out.

Food wise it was good but nothing amazing. I've always been clear that I hold Austin food places up to a higher standard because they're all so dang good, but this chicken fried chicken wasn't anything I couldn't get in Houston. Liked the peach cobbler with my meal.  Queso was weird and a little too spicy. Nice waitstaff though, very attentive and helpful. I wouldn't bother to make a trip for this place, but I'd eat here again if I happened to be right here.  Feel like I'm being a little harsh here, but maybe there are some better dishes to stick my fork in.
I am a good cook, so when I go to a restaurant it' s not just the food , it's the Flavor. By that I mean atmosphere ,cleanliness ,personality & charm of the servers and just general 'good energy & vibes' . 
Bier had all of that . My teenage daughter & I had brunch there last Sunday ; there could have been more of a slection for vegetarians but...... she had pancakes with orange butter & it was good. I had the crab cakes & they were very tasty & everything seemed freshly made . Will definitely become a regular. And the service was exceptionally pleasant thanks to DONALD & the rest of the staff. BIG UP Bier !
Meh. It's aight. This is one of the more adult restaurants on the Ave.

The food is...........average...........but they have some nice beers. This place is very conducive for large parties, so that's a huge appeal. Aside from that, I wouldn't really elect to come here on my own unless others invite me. 

However, when they do add Bangers and Mash to their menu on occasion, I think that's worth going out of your way to order. Good ol' pub fare deliciousness.
Stopped into Shultzy's for lunch on a recommendation and was not disappointed.

Although we were 4, Shultzy's looks good for larger groups to get together, enjoy good food, drink some beer and maybe even watch a game on flat screens. Good, fun vibe here.

Although I would have liked to see a sampler platter on the menu (show off your stuff Shultzy) I chose to start off with a cup of their "award-winning Sausage Chili" and El Diablo, their spiciest, Chorizo sausage along with some great local IPA to wash it down.
The chili was good and well worth trying and El Diablo was spiced for Pacific NW standards. Not too spicy but flavorful. The delight was served over a bet of shoestring fries that were also good. The service was great and our waiter was very informed on the menu and the German beers on tap. Good job! Don't want sausage? There are other alternatives of chicken or hamburgers but you should come here to eat the wurst.

I suggest you make your way to the U District and order up some sausage at Shultzy's. The food is good, the service is great and the beer is cold. I look forward to going back and trying the bratwurst. Maybe I can talk them into 3 various links, and no sides. That would help me decide what to order on my following visits.
I love this place. They make really good curry bratz with a pretzel as a bun. Also their weinerschnitzel is great. Also the price is reasonable. Last time I was there I wanted to try their elephant ears, but they were out. I guess I will have to go back!
Historic Scholz is a great place to watch sports. On Longhorn football days, plan to get there 3-4 hours early to ensure a good table. The outdoor area is nice, but everything gets crowded. 
The bar food (burgers, pork) is expensive and sub-par. So don't go for the food. Go for the beers and the setting.
Protip: Inside bar have the good beers, both local micros and German. But they run out fast,
Now bigger and better with a full bar, pinball and arcade games! Wonderfully delicious sausages, the best fries if you, like me, like them thin and crisp and definitely a fun atmosphere. You can't go wrong with Shultzy's Sausage especially when you're hungry.  My favorite is still the Rajin' Cajun sausage.  It's very slightly spicy (might be spicier for you if you're not a spicy food lover like me) and full of flavor.  YUM!  It can get crowded but we usually go after 2pm - plus they turn the tables there quickly enough.  People like to sit on the outdoor seating at the back of the 'restaurant' when the weather is nice.  So be ready to wait if you're the outdoor table type...
Really, possibly less than 1 star. Based only on drinks though.

We were told this was a beer garden - misleading, to say the least. It's a german beer bar, indoors, with some front outdoor seating. 

Went here mid-afternoon on a Sunday. Wasn't too packed, so we found a seat outside. Kitchen was closed, which was fine. We only wanted to drink some good beer.

For a beer specialty bar, not a lot of draught selections. We ordered a Duvel Single and Delirium Tremens. Both beers we drink when we can and we like a lot. My gf is well-educated in tasting craft beers and knows what she likes. She's taught me a lot too.

This beer was not OK. It tasted off - like the keg had been open too long or not stored properly. We almost didn't finish it - but couldn't justify spending 8 dollars per beer and not drinking it. 

Besides that, service was horrendous. It wasn't even that busy. We asked for water 3 times, it finally showed after 20 minutes. We were lucky to get the check. And when we wanted to pay - no one was around. Or, they delivered beer to a table near us, but weren't paying attention enough to follow up with the other customers. We couldn't get out of here fast enough. 

And will not be going back.
After living and going to school here for almost 5 years now, I can't believe I had never been to Shultzy's until today. I read another review before going that said it had the best shoe string fries, and usually I don't really like fries, but they were right...I could go back each day for those fries! I had the Bratwurst sandwich which came with both fries and coleslaw. Everything was wonderful, especially when you add the Beaver's sweet mustard with horseradish! I also had a German Pilsner that was good, but make sure you let them know what size you want or you might get something larger than you wanted. I guess it makes for a better walk home though...

The service was great as well. The waitresses that we had were very attentive and friendly. One of the chefs from the back (who I'm pretty sure was the owner) even came out to see how everyone's meals were as we were finishing eating. 

The atmosphere was laid back and comfortable. I actually forgot I was on the Ave while sitting there eating. :)
What a great find! My boyfriend researched this place first and since we wanted to watch college sports, in particular the MSU vs. U of Who game, he found this place. 

It's right in the heart of the UT campus and was established in 1866.  It is the oldest business in Texas without having ever been closed down and/or re-opened. This place is as authentic as it gets.  We walked around the back because of all the Texas Longhorn tailgate festivities.  They had tents set up everywhere with all kinds of vendors, music, and alcohol. They had the local sports radio station, 104.9 the Horn, broadcasting the pre-game show. The place was PACKED with Longhorns fans! It's really cool to be in that kind of environment. I miss my college days......

They have a huge outdoor patio with picnic tables and a long bar serving drinks along the side.  The inside has a back area with windows where you can see outside to the patio with several tables where you can order food and drinks.  Then you take a small step up into the main bar area where they have 4 tv's that they have all of the different games to watch. The prices are a little steep, $7 for a 24 oz. bud light / coors light / miller lite can.  I guess not too bad for an awesome college game day experience! The bartenders were super nice and always spot on when you need a refill. 

I will absolutely be coming back here to watch more college football in the very near future. 

Yay oldest business in Texas!
This place can best be described as a German pub and sports bar hybrid of sorts.

The service is so consistently horrid, I've stopped expecting it to get better. They're not rude or anything like that. It's just always so slow and you'd think they were having to get their water from a different village or something so don't expect asking for a refill to be easy. I keep coming back anyway because the food is consistently a-ok and it's so convenient from campus.

One thing you HAVE to try when you come here? The fries. The salty shoestring fries that you'll find yourself inhaling are the only reason I keep coming back.
Sometimes everyone gets the urge to eat a weiner. Last night was one of those nights for me. I had come down to the U-district to drop off some papers in a my professor's box, when I thought to my self, "Gee thome thauthage would really hit the thpot!" Tho... er so, I stopped into Shultzy's.

I had never been to the brat and beer joint before, thought I had heard good things from others. I was quite pleased with my experience. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. Even though, I just bellied up to the counter, my waitress made sure to check in on how I was enjoying my meal.

Also, I decided to get my weiner cut up and served in a bowl, by which I mean, I ordered their award winning sausage chili. I never asked them which award the chili won, but I'm sure it was something other than 'most improved'. The server was good enough to bring my chili right out to me since it only required ladling into a bowl.

The chili was quite different from your standard restaurant chili. It was not congealed into a solid brown mass. In a way, it was more of a stew than a chili. The various components were still whole for the most part. There were lots of onions and kidney beans and bits of sausage. Shultzy's chili would probably not stand up to a Texas chili cookoff, but in it's own right it was very tasty and produced much less gas than your run-of-the-mill chili.

I left the restaurant satisfied in my belly and in my heart, knowing that not only was my hunger satitated, but the Detroit Tiger's were up by 3 in the 8th. They won 3-1 to tie the series at 1.
Scholz Garten (not quite literally, thankfully) oozes Austin lineage: one can bet that if there's some sort of political celebration or a UT game day happening, this place is careening, crawling with huzzahs and high fives, German fare, BBQ and brews. Honestly though, Scholz comes into its own in the spring and summer months, when the back patio hosts local bands, cool kids and family folk happily shoehorned in together. It's a comfortable mix, one seldom questioned by the inhabitants, who tend to seem more intent on soaking up whatever respective moment they've found themselves enhancing.

On this night I caught a Skyrocket set, the dulcet, tangy twist of a brisket sandwich with a side of pinto beans and a Franziskaner Dunkel (on tap!), one of my current obsession warm weather brews. And, of course, when I inevitably turned from dinner and conversation to gaze upon the stage, over the goofy guy with shades on the back of his shirt and onto the seventies-tinge of whatever track the band was running down, the soundtrack seemed only appropriate. 'Cause here, seems like the more times change, the more Scholz doesn't, really.
We went here by accident and it was a big mistake. My wife and I were out for a quick dinner before a very popular RPI hockey game (the Freakout, for those of you who live around here) and thought we would try someplace besides the very popular and crowded Brown's Brewing Co. We had tried the other new place on Broadway (which was OK) so headed in that direction, but accidentally walked into the wrong place. We thought we might as well try it (not reading the Yelp reviews for a change ... bad move). They had a veggie burger on their menu so I could eat along with my wife (who remains an omnivore). The first problem was that the veggie burger turned out to be veggies with cheese, which I do not eat. I ordered the veggies, but was given veggies with cheese but they quickly replaced it. (The waiter was a friendly competent guy.) My side order was sweet potato fries and that turned out to be the only decent thing we got to eat. My wife's burger was dry. Her fries were soggy. Everything was pretty blah. "Entertainment' on the restaurant side of the place was provided by a big screen TV playing music from local cable TV company. The music was good but the sound quality was not and I don't like loud, badly amplified music. We won't go back.
Great alternative to the typical Ave fare.  Very nice remodel, and love the Chatales Sausage - perfect for lunch or dinner.  Good spot on the lower Ave.
I'm not sure what's worse - the food, the service or the management. I would say the management, but that's not saying much about the service or the food - the management is just that bad. The food is all fried fare - not in the crisp and delicious way, but in the soggy and greasy kind of way. The service simply doesn't exist. We threw a small baby shower for a co-worker yesterday at Scholz's. We put up some decorations around the area we were sitting (because it's hard to have a baby shower at a bar, but it's just so dang close to work). After the staff helped us put some stuff up, and loaned us scissors, the manager came over to rip our heads off for not paying a room rental fee or inquiring about the decoration policies. Decoration policies? We're taking up the back quarter of a restaurant with NO other customers in it. They should thank us for bothering to spruce the place up a little, otherwise they would've been out the 30-40 guests that they received that night. To top it all off - the waitresses didn't come by EVER - leaving empty iced teas and waters, and failing to get beer or appetizer orders. I've been here several other times, and it's always the same story. Bottom line - if you're looking for quality food, service, or management, look elsewhere.
Went with two others this past weekend. Decided to stop by here after seeing the reviews and wanting to find a new breakfast and lunch spot. I ordered an omelete and thought it was pretty good. Would like to come back and try some of the dinner options.

Another person I was with, who returned from Germany not to long ago, thought the red cabbage was spot on, but thought they missed on the potatoes. I saw someone carrying a french press which is awesome, and I will definitely be returning for some of that.

My only complaints are these - I wish they would have had some room temperature beer. What I thought I saw as beer options were all refrigerated. I mean I know they aren't just German, but I think this would have been a nice touch. Secondly, I don't know if it is me being blind or not, but I had a real hard time reading the chalkboard menu. Was kind of frustrating and ended up pulling up the menu online on my phone.

Will look forward to updating this review after another trip or two.
Having lived in Pittsburgh for several years, sometimes you just have a jonesin' for some overflowing sammiches and good beer.  This place I close to where I work always hits the spot after a long day.
Mmm! Red currywurst is my favorite! I walk by this place everyday when I go to work, and for a long time I never went in, but one night I was with a friend and decided to change that. I'm glad I did because I love the place. The food is good, the prices are good, and I like the interior. It's bright and warm and has big tables. I've always been treated well here, too. I'm not sure what that other reviewer "Franz" was smoking if he thinks the man who is there all the time is angry - quite the opposite. He's very gregarious and even gave me some free dessert almonds once. :D 

The kitchen and staff is small, but even with that consideration I've never had to wait very long for my food. I usually get it to go, and it's just the thing after a long day of running errands.
I went here for a wedding reception and the German food here was amazing. I'm not sure if it was the wedding planner who arranged it but the food was tasty and plentiful. I have never been to a wedding that had so much food. I was afraid I wouldn't fit my dress by the end of the night. The interior is also very warm and welcoming. The ceiling lights are quite pretty. This is a great space for good sized event.
We went last Tuesday after a most horrid experience at Moca. This was a wonderful surprise and I don't even like beer! The atmosphere was perfect for both genders. Not frilly or to shi shi, but nice clean lines that we ladies with style love. The two bartenders I experienced were cute, kind, and attentive. The shorter bartender with the raven tattoo was a little friendlier (talkative) than the other. I had the Fruli and it was a delicious Strawberry beer. They have Hofbrau ON TAP and plenty of bottled options to supplement. I didn't see wine on the menu while I was there, nor did I see food. If they add those two it might end up being my new favorite bar. Very calm ambience during the week. I have to try it on the weekend.
Great beer selection, trivia on Tuesday's is fun (even though it takes forever) and the veggie diablo is the best sandwich on the planet.
terrible parking. i went with my roomate for a rally thing and it was packed. the beer was cold though and they were pumping food out to everyone who ordered it pretty fast. i didnt get anything to eat but i added an extra star cause the whole place smelled like onion rings and it made me want to order something. must be their subliminal advertising. touche scholz, touche
The Ave is filled with Thai places and Pho places, so Shultzy's stands out pretty well. My group of six (which gets an automatic 20% gratuity added to our bill) got there at about peak dinner time, so we had a little longer of a wait. Also, by the time we got there, they had run out of a few things we wanted to order. However, I was really satisfied with the bratwurst, and everyone seemed happy with their food. It's not a place I'd go regularly, being on a student's budget and all, but I'll definitely go there again when I'm craving bratwurst.
Wow, definitely a great find right in the U district!  For the price of teriyaki, you can get a plate of schnitzel, spaetzel and red cabbage.  I upgraded to a version with hunter sauce,and was not disappointed by a mushroom filled gravy.  Authentic, delicious, cheap, and filling, and would definitely come again.  Seating is in two rooms, with German soccer (Bundesliga) on tv.  Bratz is a good alternative to some of the other German places nearby.  No, they do not have a boot stein, but the food is just as good as in other places at a fraction of the price!
Can I just say for the record, the best fries around, hands down. I've been going to Shultzy's for years now, and have downed more than my fair share of both their fries and their veggie burgers. The andouille sausage is wonderful too, and the beer selection is great.
I've been back a few times and the service has marginally improved. Not enough to bump my review to 4 stars, but worthy of noting.
Not a bad sausage.  I agree that it used to taste better somehow before the remodel.  Most times the sausage is ranging from slightly overcooked to extremely overcooked.  The service the last few times I have gone have been very average.  The beer selection is pretty good due to their rotating local handle.  The German beers are kind of standard.  I am a much bigger fan of the local west coast beers though, so take this with a grain of salt.  I also really love the 1L glasses you can get most beers.  All that being said, it's very above average for a place on the Ave.
I LOVE the fries and the burgers are quite good as well, albeit rather expensive. I also generally like the atmosphere and the beer, although I think the beer menu could benefit from variety.

The service has been sucking a whole lot lately, though. Sit down, twiddle thumbs for half an hour, get up and ask for a menu, receive a menu and an apology. Sit back down, make a decision on the food, wait for a server. Wait for a server. Wait for a server. Get up and hunt down a server, place an order, receive an apology. Receive food eventually. Finish food. Wait for a check. Wait for a check. Wait for a check. Get up and go look for a server, receive a check and an apology. AGAIN.

This didn't use to happen often at all a few years ago, but has been my experience more and more often lately. Bad, Schultzy's, bad!
Wait, I NEVER wrote a review for this place? I was planning on "updating my review" but then I realized I never had one in the first place.

I have been back so many times and to summarize my visits here: meh.

Food: 3 star. This is not a grab and go place. They take a long time to prepare and make their cheesesteaks. So if you want to come in and get out within 30 minutes, that is nearly impossible. So far, I have tried its cheesesteaks, chili, fries (regular and sweet potato), etc. The food is not bad. They are all pretty mediocre. It will get you full for sure, for about $15. Did it ever give me the impression of "Damn, that was the best meal I have had in a long time"? Never.   

Price: 2 star. Its prices are on the "high end" when compared with other restaurants on the Ave/University District. Students can find much cheaper eats on the Ave. This is probably the reason why this place attracts lots of professors and staff here during lunch hours. However, do I want $5 for a small dessert when I can spend $6 on a burrito next door? NO. 

Drinks: 4 star. The drinks are not bad. They have daily specials. Wells are $4 after 10pm. They serve a variety of beer, soda, hard cider, cocktails, and wells.  

Atmosphere: 2 star. Generally it is good. On game days it gets pretty loud and crowded. On trivia nights, it gets way too loud. They don't have the best microphone system so the sound hurts my ears. I have been here several times when they have the trivia night going on. Each time I decided to not stay for too long because it makes me impossible to chat with friends when we just wanted a place to hang out.

Service: 1 star. The service and waiters continue to "amaze" me. After returning so many times over the years, the waiters never give me the impression that they actually like their jobs. I still tip them generously. But I have never been impressed. I know they are busy, but I always get the vibes that I need to order more drinks or else I must leave the place. This is really unfortunate. Sometimes they take forever to come around and notice you need to be served. So make sure when you walk in, get them to notice you in the first place. If you want a booth, pretend you need a seat next to the bar and walk up to get someone sees you and then walk back to the booths. You are supposed to "seat yourself." One time I was at a booth waiting for a friend, the waiters never saw me coming in and after 5 minutes, a guy came around finally and was like "oh, do you need a menu?" This was never once where I leave the place and feel good about the service. 
 
Happy Hour: 4.5 star. Available from 3pm to 6pm and then after 10pm. Seats get filled up quickly during HH so get here early. $5 for pork sliders is a great deal. Would I pay $5 for sweet potato fries? Probably not, even though its sweet potato fries is supposed to be "the best in Seattle" or something. If you really want sweet potato frieds, it is best to order with your full meal and get the "upgrade" by paying $2 more. If order soda, you only get ONE refill. 

General: it has the prime location that is the most convenient for UW students and staff. It is a super short walk from the main campus. If you only have a 50-minute lunch break, you will know the differences between walking up to 41st ST and 42nd ST. It is sad that I have returned so many times and can still only give this place a 2 star.
You have to give these guys credit for being creating.  They placed a beer garden in the middle of Harlem and made it a success!  The best part of this place is the mix cultures socializing over beers from around the world.  Brilliant!  

The service was quite nice and the seating is enjoyable throughout the venue with the open air scenery.  This place is good for a warm summer night with friends who want to discover the real New York and not be cliche.  

The only con of this place is that it is cash only however it is still worth it.  They have several beers on tap and the staff will save your seat if you want to go out for a smoke or more cash ha.
Oh, Shultzy's, I would be happy to give you four stars for your yummy food, decent service and a grown-up atmosphere (i.e. clean, unlike so many other places on the Ave).

But I can't, because you are so, so expensive.  A basic bratwurst and a cup of coffee cost me $11 or $12 bucks.  On my second visit I brought my best appetite, hoping I would feel like I got my money's worth.  I ate every last crumb and drop of german style mustard, and it was good, but I still cringed when the bill came.  

In an area filled with restaurants (okay, mostly teriyaki joints) that sell more food than you can eat for $5-$6 , this place looks mightily overpriced.
OK, my experience with this place is pretty limited but I really enjoyed the time that I went here.  Definitely a hole in the wall type place full of douches on the weekends, but that's OK with me as long as the beer is good and (somewhat) cheap.  

You can get a boot of beer or tons of Jagermeister.  German-like feel for those of you who are feeling festive and in the mood for a little culture.  I haven't had any of the food, but I'm sure it's OK.  

Definitely full of the college crowd during the evening, even during the summer hours, so watch out if that's not your sort of thing.  I can see this place getting really annoying after awhile, but I had a lot of fun hanging out.  Definitely go in sometime for one of those boots - it's super fun.
This is my first yelp review. I haven't felt super compelled to write one before, but Bier International is definitely deserving of a positive review from me. First of all, I live very close by so I may be a little biased just because of convenience. They have a very good German beer selection with all sorts of interesting glasses. Including boots. I love the boots. Very, very good food as well. So far I've tried some sort of chicken sandwich off their brunch menu, the chips and guac, and the southwestern chicken caesar salad. That salad is the best salad I've ever had, and I've had a lot of salads. And I'm not even that big of a caesar fan. Oh, and my boyfriend has loved both the burger and catfish tacos he's ordered. Some things to keep in mind are that service isn't always speedy, and that they are cash only- both of which can be a wee bit annoying, which is why I had to deduct a star. Oh, and as some other reviewers mentioned, people like to bring their babies and small children here for some reason. But I love small children and they love me, so I don't mind it. It's quite cute and contributes to the family-friendly feel of my neighborhood that I love so much.
nice place to catch up with friend. very simple and compact decoration. not many choices on foods, however, good beers.

P.S. it is cash only, which is a bit not very convenient.
Their service can be a bit spotty at times, but for tasty brats and sausages, it's a tough place to beat.  Also, they have those tiny little fries where you can eat about four or five fries at a time and not have an obnoxious stuffed mouth.  Their coleslaw is superior too, some of the better slaw I've had in Seattle.  

Every single day, they have a special on a .5 L beer.  Saw a few tables of people hoisting boots as well (clarification: glass boots with beer in them, not just boots, that would be weird to see people hoisting boots).

They have a decent outdoor seating section out back, which is almost impossible to find on the Ave, and if it's full they have a few tables facing the Ave that have giant windows that open up and let a nice breeze in.

Finally, according to the sign out front yesterday evening, the soup of the day was a beer sampler.  I always knew German's loved beer, but that's just overkill.  Soup of the day should be SOUP.  Some things are not to be trifled with.
Wow. Amazing -- and cheap! This is the kind of place that Guy Fieri would rave about! The schnitzel is just plain amazing.
I've walked pass this shop a million times and never thought of coming in to try a bite. I guess I judged the place from the outside appearance and since there was nothing but the name Schultzy's and a hot dog I never felt like coming in for a hot dog lol. But my friend was able to convince me to come by this place one summer evening for some happy hour drinks. The place is surprisingly clean for a bar on the ave and has some really friendly workers. Our waitress was super nice and checked up on us all night. Our drinks came almost immediately and the prices were ridiculously cheap! I also really like their bier garten in the back up the stairs. It's nice and secluded!
Wow !!! What a great dinner and evening had at The Heidelberg.  Absolutely loved the food, service and atmosphere.  I had the Copenhagen Weiner Schnitzel with potatoe pancakes and red cabbage on the side and it was to die for; could not stop saying yum the whole way through.  I also had the Obernator beer (and I like good beer) and it was fabulous.  Loved the painted pictures on the walls of Germany and really every thing about it (i.e. with look & feel).  Very comforting, relaxing and easy to talk and enjoy a great meal.  Our server took great care of us and she made sure we had a wonderful evening.  It was our first time there and we listened to her suggestions and they were all "off the charts".  Highly recommend this restaurant.  Great food and value.  We will be coming back for certain.  Many thanks to everyone at The Heidelberg; a job well done.  Namaste - CARL :-)
Good food, great service.  The fries are easily the best I've had in a long time.  If you love cheese and don't mind the risk of a bit of mess, I recommend the cheeseburger made with pimento cheese.
I will start by saying that I was born in Poland so I had very high expectations of this place. And luckily when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised by the the notes of my spoken native language. This place is authentic as it gets because the family who runs it are actually Polish. 

I do not agree that the decor was ugly like some review it was surprisingly classy for a Polish eatery lol. 

The perogi were properly overstuffed and prepared with the fried onion bits like my Grandma and Ma used to make. And the potato pancakes were crunchy and perfect! They could have also been out of my Moms kitchen. The fried Nutela and banana crepes were also delicious even after transport (because we could not eat them there, we were so full, we took them home). DELICIOUS.

The people who sat next to us also looked like they had lovely food, it smelled amazing. Some kind of meat and pot pan stack that I need to come back and try.

The only thing which wasn't up to par was the spinach crepe which was overcooked, tasted ok. And they could have had more Polish beer varieties, but I'm hoping they do since they recently opened a beer garden.

The waitress was also lovely. She was very friendly. All my senses were telling me I was at home and well satisfied. As I walked out I thanked the lady of the house (in Polish) and told her we sure would be back.

Only regret is that it took me this long living in the capitol district to discover this place. A must to check out especially if you have a soft spot for perogi.

And no there is no S on the end !!! Perogi is both singular and plural. Enjoy!
Nice place, nice beer. Nice place to sit outdoors and the whole front opens so it feels like it's all outdoors. 

Note: no garden. CASH ONLY. the food was just ok. 

That said, i'd go back and it's a nice addition to my nabe.
What a terrific place! I love the open feel of the resturant, I had passed by the ther evening while having dinner at Questans on FDB and had to go and check it out. We enjoyed the great beer and the grilled catfish taco was amazing! The parmesean topped french fries with fresh truffles was out of this world. AWESOME. I have to say that the bartender Chao Williams was very friendly and gave great suggestions. I was surprised that the wait staff was NOT FRIENDLY AT ALL!!- I was not greeted by ANY of them. That is not cool.However Chao made our evening a very delightful one!
I've been here twice for lunch and a few more times for just beer over the last year or so, and I like it.

I actually can't comment on the sausage stuff, but a friend of mine had the bratwurst yesterday and said it was good, even though it really didn't stay together as a sandwich.  I went with the mushroom swiss burger and it was really good-- big enough to not get burned, cooked through but not dry (a difficult feat), with a good sauce on it to boot.  The fries that came with were delicious as well.  I came with my dad last year and had the Philly, and it was good but HUGE-- I don't know if I made it through a third of it.  Next time I go I'll definitely stick with the burgers.

The beer selection is great, especially if you like German beers.  Everything on tap tends to be of the German variety, but they have bottles as well.  The servers tend to have helpful advice.

The best part about this place is probably the outdoor seating in the summer-- it's nice to be able to get drinks with your friends but actually sit and hear each other talk.  One of the better U-District spots!
O...M...G.  Wow.. Superb wurst just like in the center of Wiesbaden or dusseldorf.  Curry sauce, jalapeños for extra zest, beef and pork, and the best invention ever!, Pretzel buns!  The boy loved the fries and we felt like we were back at a street fair in the bayern.  It is in the University district and the ambience is what you expect from a college joint so you may want to get it to go.  Take som e of the original Munich or Austrian lager or weissbier with you though.  They go hand in hand with the best sausages I have had in the U.S.
A good place for some authentic German good, some good German beers, and one of the only places to drink from a glass boot.
 Happy hour doesn't include many discounts on drinks, but has free chips and cheese, and hot wings.
 Beer prices are generally very good, charging approximately $5 for a bottle of German beer.
 There are 3 floors, but I usually hit up the basement. Apparently there's some poker some nights too.
We went to get the Heidelberg to get some BOOT... we got seated and decided on the 2L... the waiter had to check to see if they had five 2L BOOTS..... so he went and checked, came back and said they only had four, so we changed the fifth order to 1L... 

Forward 20 minutes and two of the 2L BOOT came... then the waiter came back and said, the 4th BOOT glass was cracked... so we changed that to 1L... The waiter brought my 1L BOOT, then after another 20 minute, the 3rd 2L BOOT came... then we had to wait another 20 min to get the final 1L BOOT... yeah, the notion of drinking 2L Beer... that took some time...

As for food..  ordered the $3 burger and coney dog along with loaded nacho... we asked for more water and the waiter said, they ran out of water and can only give bottled water for $2.  We were like WTF? But the waiter was nice enough to bring up more water... but it seems the manager kept pushing the waiter to sell us the bottled water for $2.

So we told the waiter that we wanted to speak to the manager, he went and told the manager... the manager avoided us... basically avoided our table... this is why I have to give the establishment one star... who charges for tap water??? Who runs out of water at a restaurant and tries to charged $2 for bottled water?  I have never been to a restaurant where the managers avoid the customers... please fire this manager. 

This was my second visit and the worst overall experience I had... the manager trying to charge us $2 bottled water when tap water is free and a manager who avoids the guests when they ask to speak with them... yeah, unless something changes, I will not be back.
Been here twice and would rate the first experience higher than the second, so let's call it 3.5 stars to be fair....Anyway, first time I had the andouille sausage with peppers and onions which was delish. BF had the junkyard dog, his fault, cause a hot dog can never be as good as a sausge! REALLY loved the German beer selection with the 0.3, 0.5, or 1 liter serving sizes. The second time it was packed to the rafters and we had to sit at the counter. I got the jambalaya based on reviews from this site and they either had an off day, or I just don't care for jambalaya. Seriously though, sausage and okra in sauce over rice? Did someone forget to add ALL the other stuff that's supposed to be in there, like some SPICE? Also got the Bratwurst dinner plate with hot potato salad, kraut, and a pretzle. It was only OK. The pretzle was pathetic. My family is from Germany, so I know what the real deal is with the Bavarian Bretzel and that one wasn't even close. The kicker is that the Continental Store on Roosevelt (barely a mile away) sells the real thing...hook it up guys!! I will go again, since their sausage is good and they have nice German beer on tap.
Ah, das Heildelberg, how I love you. I've never been to the restaurant or the club upstairs, just the infamous Rathskeller downstairs, which is one of my most favorite dive bars ever. It gets the award for worst-smelling bar in Ann Arbor - the lingering food smells are what pushes it past the Eight Ball. Cheap beer (local brews, too!), darts, a hilarious jukebox with lots of Billy Joel and Journey, and a surprisingly clean woman's bathroom  all add up to a delightful later-night bar. They also offer "Das Boot", a two foot-high glass boot filled with beer, for $20, and hookahs for about $10 (what's with the hookahs in Ann Arbor?).

The bartenders are generally pretty friendly, but beware, as we have dealt with the surliest woman in Ann Arbor on occasion (classic line after getting money from a patron who didn't grab their beer fast enough: "Do you want me to drink it for you, too?").
Many varieties of German beer and decent selection of wine. Really good food - traditional German wursts and sides as well as a surprising amount of vegetarian options (truffle fries and pineapple guac are both delish!). This is a cool place to get a drink on the weekend -very chill. 

Reminder, this place is cash only - kind of annoying.
This is one of the better places you can eat on the Ave, The food is always good, and the drinks are priced well. They have a good selection of imported beers that you probably can't find anywhere else. 

Definitely try their sausages, it's what they are known for. Full of flavor and char grilled, they go great with a german beer.

This place can get packed during sporting events, but I've never had a problem with the service being slow during these.
we were on the way to the grocery store on a cold late fall saturday morning when i realized that i was starving. ravenous.  my go to staple courier cafe was teeming with people so the only other place where i could get a 'real' breakfast was la gourmandise. 

i was so excited to find yet another solid establishment so close to home! i tried the oatmeal with roasted cinnamon apples...delicious! the oatmeal was piping hot and thick, but creamy...and the apples provided just the right contrast to the lightly salted oatmeal.  i can wait to go back for their paris texas panini or one of their delicious looking omelettes!
Rori oneof the cooks tere has ust mad tis barbaque pulled pork sandwich with slaw on top and fries that is one of the best I have had in a long long time (you dont understand, this is my all time fav sandwiches). This  thing is magical.  Thanks Don and Rori and the rest of the staff, would give an additional 10 stars if I could. The Pats!!
Another winner that we found through a quick Yelp search while we were in the neighborhood. A quick walk over from Columbia University, this gem hit the spot perfectly.

We each tried beers that we had never had before, and came away willing to order both of them again. They are definitely dedicated to the beer selection, with suggestions throughout the menu, and service always in the intended glassware (my Kwak came in a large vial-type glass supported by a custom wood handle).

My partner had a veggie quesadilla with a bit of truffle oil on it, which it was very hard not to steal all of once I had tried a bite. The only thing that kept me away from her food was the delicious catfish that were the centerpiece of the tacos I ordered.

Very relaxed atmosphere and definitely a great place to stop in. Note that it is cash-only.
Shultzy's is a higher quality standard on the Ave - great cheese steaks, brats, burgers, and beer. Although most of the time they have the same German beer as the rest of the city (I'm pretty sure there is only one distributor), you really can't complain about anything here.

The service has always been good for me, and the portions usually leave me pretty freaking full, especially combined with a liter of beer.
I have been to Bier International  twice in the past 2 years and I must say I'm a fan. I am not a beer drinker but I like that they also have a selection of wine for us non beer drinkers. I also like the fact that the staff was knowledgeable of the beer that the serve and was able to offer me a light beer that I enjoyed for me trying beer for the first time. 

Both times that I went it was crowded (but what do you expect when you go there right after work on a Friday) despite it being crowded the wait staff were personable and although may have been overwhelmed didn't show it. There were also helpful in accommodating  such a large group of people in the outside seating. 

Both times I also had a meal, once i had a lamb burger which was really good and the other time I had a steak fritata and it was also delicious and reasonably priced. 

I really enjoy the place and will def visit again.
Had the Mushroom Burger and amazing sweet potato fries - yes I will be back because of these fries! Margaritas all around. Wait staff friendly, service quick, great college ambiance!
The food is fabulous here. I had the Polish Sampler which came with 2 stuffed cabbage, 2 pierogies and 2 potato pancakes. The stuffed cabbage was top notch. I loved the pierogies and the potato pancakes were a bit greasy, but good nonetheless. It was a lot of food. My dining partner had the Muza special, stewed beef goulash sandwiched between two large potato pancakes, topped with beef gravy and a side of sauerkraut. That was awesome. Everything tastes like it's made by your Polish grandmother. It can be a bit pricey, but it's absolutely worth it. Our server was polite and friendly and we will definitely be back. So glad to find a place that serves eastern European food and serves it so well.
BEEEER! Great place for a beer and happy hour prices are great for food. 5 bucks for a nice list of things: Sweet potato fries, philly sandwich, hot wings etc.
Environment is nice and trendy.
The philly was pretty good as well as the brats. 
Still have to try out more but it's worth checking out.

Cheers!
This Polish restaurant is a chore to find (we were here on a Saturday night and the place was virtually empty), unprepossessing on the exterior, and tiny (seats twenty at most) but comfortable. The walls are covered with hand painted and pleasantly disorienting bas-relief murals. The sole waitress is the owner/chef's daughter. We just loved her, and she was very generous with her time.

Their pierogies, golombkies and potato pancakes are really well prepared... just remember, in slavic peasant food spiciness is kept to a minimum, so don't expect an explosion of flavors. This cuisine is very modest in terms of aspiration, but when it's bad, it's awful. I'm happy to say Muza is the best example I've had beyond the Lower East Side or Prague. We'll definitely come here again.

Oh, no beer or wine license. You can bring your own, though.
I've been here almost weekly this summer for their weekly charity trivia nights (every Tuesday at 8), and it's safe to say that their rotating beer selection is excellent. The food, however, can be a bit pricey for what you get compared to other places on the Ave. 

I generally go for one of their cheesesteaks, but there's also a decent selection of burgers and sausages. Each sandwich comes with a bunch of fries, so it's quite fortunate that each table has 4-5 different kinds of mustard! That may seem like overkill, but it's also really tasty. If you aren't hungry enough for a sandwich+fires, get the chili cheese fries--they're excellent.
Stop nine on the Ave Crawl.

Please be aware that this four-star review applies only to Schultzy's patio in the summer.  This is one of my favorite places to enjoy a boot of beer with friends.  They have a good list of German beers and some decent food.  However, the quality of the service and the pleasantness of the atmosphere declines in the winter when the cold forces you inside.  Schulty's has this weird dichotomy where on the left side of the restaurant you are tucked with families (wtf kids in the bar) and the bar on right which is always too packed to even find an acceptable seat.   Recently, there has been a huge decline in service.  The last 2 times I have tried to eat here they forgot to order my buffalo burger - I've been pretty excited to try it and I'm going to give up soon.  

Summary:  The patio in the summer is where it's at.  Otherwise, don't bother.
The brunch that they have is SOOOO good. The steak and eggs as well as the pancakes are as good as it gets. The bartender was awesome. Talking to us and joking around.  Making great beer suggestions.

Now granted, kids are noisy and they suck, BUT, my suggestion is sit at the bar. It'll help with the noise level.
On my most recent trip to NYC, my coworker and I decided to check out the area we were staying in, which was Harlem. Little did we know we'd stumble on to our first great meal in NYC at Bier International.

I love the atmosphere here. Great crowd, if a little hipsterish. The service bounced back and forth between attentive and cooly indifferent, but that was part of the charm, I supposed.

As far as food goes, I'm a sucker for cured meats...and really, who isn't? They do a nice spread here, and the even the bread served with the meat (on this night it was smoked pork loin, salsicca, and a few other delicious sausages) was fresh, with a crispy exterior and almost creamy inside.

For my main, I had steak frites. The frites were well cooked, and the steak came out perfect. The herb butter was well blended and fresh, as well.

Beer wise I coasted all night with the Hofbrau original, a beer I've always loved for its smooth taste and ability to fuck me up without leaving me drowsy.
I have been going to Bratz when it was just a mobile cart several years go. They have gotten better and better. I love their expansive menu and I have a hard sticking with one thing. The service at Bratz is so great. Every time I come in and I have questions about what I should get, John is always there to recommend one of their great specials.
The "wurst restaurant in Seattle" - there's more to that pun here. I went late at night and had their late night menu. Their prices were not quite happy hour - the $7 philly cheese sandwich was half the expected size and did not come with even fries. The El Diabo sausage was tasty, though. The service was atrocious. Nobody seemed to be interested in taking our order at the beginning.
Great brunch place in downtown Urbana, although I would not recommend the eggs benedict.  French toast is good, sandwiches are good, and if you feel like taking any bread home, Mirabelle is right across the street.

Not the best coffee but I haven't tried their espresso drinks yet.  Also the free wi-fi makes it a great weekend place for working without the packed crowds you get in downtown Champaign.
I love German beer & food and they do it right here. I don't care for the student crowd so I avoid evenings but the outdoor seating is so fun during nice weather. On a cloudy or rainy day I love going in for a bowl of chili and a liter of brew. So good. Really. I always find something I love on tap and the chili is the best in the city. Mmmmm. Chili.

Sit at the bar for the best service.
Meh. I love that they have such a big menu and lots of veggie options for my vegetarian friends, but I'd only come to this place if I was really randomly craving a cheesesteak sandwich. Otherwise, I'd probably go elsewhere.

PROS:
1. Big menu. Cheesesteak sandwiches, sausages, burgers, stews, chillis, etc.

2. Nice environment. Cozy wooden booths, a fireplace, dim lighting, etc.

CONS:
1. They don't have the prices of the food on the website. And then they don't have a menu taped to the door. And then they don't have a pile of menus sitting up front. You literally have to be seated first to get a glimpse of prices, and then you feel trapped and obliged to stay.

2. Bland food. I got the swiss mushroom cheesesteak. The onions and mushrooms were sauteed in what, butter? What about some salt and pepper? What about some worcestershire? What about some paprika? It was very bland food. I had to add some mustard to add a kick.

3. Very salty fries. Lots of it, sure. But salty.

4. Meh service. They keep asking you if you want something else to drink other than water. No, I'm okay with water. You asked me that two minutes ago. And they generally aren't just that friendly.
I went here on a thursday during their free taco day...I dont know about you all but I dont find getting cold and hot flashes up my spine while puking at 4 in the morning very exciting. Me and my friend got f*king food poisoning there! I didnt feel better until 5pm the next day. Tch...I am still mad at that...Damn taco meat must've been rat meat. I guess free food means free sh*t at their restaurant. I'll still go there for the two dollar beer special but the bartenders' attitude could be a little less b..chy, I dunno just a thought.
I have a tale of woe about Scholz Garten.

I was in Austin for a work conference.  My colleague and I went to the O'Henry museum and the O'Henry museum lady told us about the Scholz Garten and how O'Henry used to hang out there.  We thought it sounded kind of neat, especially since she waxed rhapsodic over how we could get an outstanding and fantastic German meal at Scholz Garten.

Oh dear.  So we leave the convention center and repair back to our hotels and make plans to meet at Scholz Garten.  We even checked Yelp individually.  I have traveled somewhat extensively in Germany and I should have known better.  Still, we figured we'd give it a shot.

Well, first of all there was an event in the biergarten, which was a bummer.  Second... it was so not what we expected.  The menu had like four German items on them, most of which were poorly prepared.  The O'Henry House ladies were nuts!  (I'm not sure why we assumed otherwise.)  The wienerschnitzel wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't the best I had ever had and the sauerkraut almost certainly came from a can, as did the red cabbage.  The beers my colleague and I wanted "were out because of the game."  When our third colleague joined us, he ate and then we made a hasty retreat.
The food and beer were so great but it was so loud! Much louder than what should be comfortable for a beer garden. 
Also, it must have been family hour or something while we were there because there was an infant and it's hipster parents at each table. Hipster babies scare me. Seriously, we were practically pushed out of a table by this other party who kept having people show up and push everyone down the table and then the mother started freaking out when someone put a beer stein in front of the 8 month old, luckily we had finished eating and just left. I'm sorry I just hate it when parents bring babies into loud bars and then have them scream the whole time. DON'T BRING YOUR KIDS TO A BAR!
But again, food and drink delicious! I guess I would say go really late when there is less likely a chance for there to be kids there.
I really, really loved my meal, which is why 3 stars is hard for me to give. The beer selection here is fantastic and I ordered a beer boot of Hofbrau, which set the tone of the evening nicely. The waitress was snarky and could not understand me and looked as if my questions were an annoyance, but there is a lot on that menu that I had never heard of! The price - I don't know. It was $11 for a scoop of potato salad and about 5 inches of kielbasa...albeit delicious, but to be honest, my friend and I went up the street to another place and ordered more food because it was just not enough and gets expensive to add on other sides. I have noticed other reviewers commenting on the "snooty" feel of the place, and I have to agree.
Excellent German food and excellent service. A must eat if you're in the U District.
Great burgers and fries - I'm not necessarily a sausage person, which is why I am so glad this place has something for everyone.  I love their happy hours and how they always have a beer special every day.

Follow them on Twitter: http://twitter.com/shultzys
The Boy and I went to Shultzy's in late September, right about the time they were starting their 'OktoBEERfest' promotion. Premise: Drink 12 liter-mugs full of Oktoberfest brews before the end of October and get

a) your own liter mug, and
b) "immortality!"......In the form of your name being put on a plaque.

Soooo, we went a bunch of times in October, and each time was awesome. The beer selection was always different--and always German--every time. Depending on the night of the week, we played trivia or watched various sporting events on their many TVs. What didn't vary was the meal I had (the Vienna Beef hot dog with extra fries) or the friendly service. 

Sadly, I'm just a little girl so I was unable to drink that much beer, but The Boy totally triumphed and we went back tonight for his mug. Good thing we noticed a new sign on the wall--$1 from every 1 liter beer ordered goes to prostate cancer research--so we have another excuse to go back several times a week!
better than another German place i know  in manhattan, like the food and love the beer
I go back and forth on my feelings for Bier, but mostly I like it.  The pros are that it's a nice, casual place to get a beer - and they have tons of options.  The atmosphere is fun and it's close to home, which is nice.  The cons are that it's not particularly cheap, and worst of all, they only take cash!  Major fail because I rarely carry cash.  I've had brunch there several times and the crab cake benedict is very good, as are the scrambled egg fajitas.
I live close by and have been meaning to check out this spot ever since I saw it open last year. I finally made it there and am upset it took me so long to go.

The beer selection is great and I was told they are working on adding even more to the already long list of beers. I highly recommend their Krusovice draft.

I only had their house fries when I went (which were delicious!) but know, from taking a close look at their food menu, that their offerings are perfect for the sort of beer-establishment this is. I heard the burger is mouthwatering.

They should be adding outside seating soon too, which will make it even more worthwhile to check out this neighborhood gem.
Cool venue, but thats about it. I was there with a somewhat large group, so I'm not even going to start on the service (horrible). But the food itself wasn't very good. The patio is pretty nice for a picnic table patio- I bet it'd be fun with a concert. But the food is not that great. I had the one meat plate, with pulled pork, onion rings, and steamed broccoli, and shared an order of fried pickles. The fried pickles were amazing, but it was my first time trying them and have since had much better. The steamed broccoli was cold. The onion rings were not crispy. And the pulled pork was really dry with super sweet bbq sauce. This is definitely a place you can skip.
You walk down Frederick Douglass Blvd. and you notice an unassuming and intriguing store front.  You peek in and you see the word 'bier' written on a wall that's majestically overlooking long and rustic wooden tables as well as a stone top bar a little off to the right.  You're rightfully intrigued and you decide to walk in.

Maybe you'll take a seat at the bar and look over their draft and bottle list.  Most likely you were greeted by the friendly bartender who hands you the beer list and food menu.  You may smile a bit when you see that there are things like Six Point Sweet Action, HB Hofbrau Original, Fuller's London Pride and Duvel Green on tap.  Or, you may wonder what beer rock star came up with this handpicked beer selection as you peruse another well selected bottle list consisting of Leffe Blonde, Blue Point Toasted Lager and a Fuller Vintage Ale.

So you grab a beer.  Then you notice the menu has things like bratwurst, beef kebabs and truffle fries and see the little annotations suggesting beer pairings with the food.  The bartender probably walks up to you and demonstrates his unpretentious knowledge regarding the beers by describing beers in a way that a beer geek and non-beer geek would enjoy.  He makes you feel at home.

You order food, it comes, and you realize that you may be in one of the most awesome places in Harlem, let alone maybe in the whole City of New York.  You finish your meal, grab a few more beers and leave mesmerized.
I'm only giving shultzy's 4 out of 5 stars because I'm a former employee. 

I worked for Don Schulze as his prep/kitchen manager back in that tiny kitchen for 3 long grueling years. I've never been a customer of Shultzy's, and I can honestly say that prior to Shultzy's I wasn't too fond of sausage.

I still am not too fond of sausage. UNLESS it came from Shultzy's. I ate at this place almost every day for 3 years, and I'm still not sick of it. That says something. It could partially be.. because I know all the hard work and time that is put in to making everything on the menu. All the ingredients are fresh, we made everything from scratch from the BBQ sauce to hand making the sausage and burgers.

I've never been a customer of Shultzy's. So I can't speak from experience. But if you like beer, and delicious sausage and burgers... then you can't get much better than this place. It pretty much sets the bar.

I am only giving 4 out of 5 stars because the kitchen is so small. So the next time you are sitting there, wondering why your food is taking an extra 15 minutes to get out to your table, take a head count of the customers... then take a look at the guys working in 115 degree heat behind the grill.
Good place to dine if you're looking for a laid-back kinda night.

Great selection of beers. I had the Kolsch which was very good if you like a mild-fruity beer. Our server was very knowledgeable in helping us make a selection.

As for entree's I ordered the lamb kebobs which were tasteful and tender. My date ordered the lamb burger which was just okay.

Service was a bit slow, but forgivable. I would come back again and recommend this place.
I have been here a few times since it reopened as Broadway Brew Biergarten. I first tried them out less than a week after they opened. I liked the different beers available, but the food left a bit to be desired. I had a burger and my friends had wursts. The burger was unremarkable and the French fries reminded me of the ones you get at a fast food restaurant. My friends thought it was a bit odd that the wursts were served in a hot dog bun. I have been back a few other times for beer. The last time I went they had no air conditioning. Additionally, it seemed like they ran out of CO2 as the beer was flat.
I love Shultzy's. They have great food, decent to OK service (really should not be seat yourself and hope someone notices you), and delicious free refill sparkling lemonade. 

What sold me? 

One of my good guy friends and I go out to lunch quite often since he usually has time to kill before work and can meander my way for my lunch break.

We always get one bill, and it's always set in front of him. This might sound like a stupid thing to be annoyed with but (1) Why does he get the bill? Girls can pay too! and (2) It's a friend date! Just because we're opposite gender doesn't automatically mean we're a couple and it's the type of date where one person is paying. Get with the times people!

*ahem* My point - The waiter at Shultzy's gave us separate tickets. Didn't even ask. He just said, "Hey, if you didn't need these separate, it's not a problem for me to put them on one card. Just thought it'd be better for me to print them separately in case that was easier for you guys."

I love you, random waiter at Shultzy's. You either got our friend date vibe, are psychic, or know well enough that the man does not always pay for the meal.

Best part - my guy friend bet me 10$ that the waiter would put one check down on his side of the table, since this phenomenon is something we talk / joke about a lot. I, of course, refused due to every other place we've ever been to proving that it never happens. Should have taken the bet, dang it!
Edit:  Adding a star because they now have wine and beer.  The beer is bottled, but looks to be primarily microbrews.  Score.

*****
I really wanted this place to be great. Unfortunately, it's more like mediocre.

Ingredients aren't the best quality and some of the items seem to be made ahead of time and reheated.  The restaurant has a terrible identity crisis: French name, German & American menu items, Southwestern corn chips with sandwiches, Italian sodas, smoothies, espresso beverages, Panera decor...  They are trying to do waaaaaaaaay too many things and as a result, don't do any of them particularly well.

The one exception to this is the omelets, which are the star of the menu and are always made fresh, made well, and delicious.  The service here is also wonderfully friendly if not always accurate.

I'm glad the restaurant has lasted as long as it has but they're going to have to make some major conceptual changes if they want to be around long-term.  Bringing some focus to the menu and maybe even renaming the place to something that is (1) more familiar sounding (2) easier to pronounce, and (3) reflective of the menu would go a long way.
What a nice evening!! great food , very nice service.
Good solid old world food.
Wonderful server, with a big smile.

Thanks for a great fathers day meal.
This place is a true jewel and the best addition to the area in a long time. I live upstairs and could not be happier this place is two steps away. It's consistent, versatile and just plain well done! They pay attention to the details which I have a deep appreciation for. It doesn't have to be expensive or elegant to show that the owners care about their product.  For example, each beer comes in a glass just for that beer. Simple, but a really nice touch. 

The beer is great. The food is always good and they have something for everyone. After working my way through the menu and the beers (we go about once a week) I pretty much always order a Koelsch beer and the catfish tacos.  I have developed a small addiction to that combo.  The team working there is amazing and I feel like the customers are really great too. Great atmosphere, great energy. I'm looking forward to outdoor seating in warmer weather. PROST! 

See you there!
I was in town for the weekend and decided to catch up with an high-school friend whose working on her masters, we ended up here.  It was pretty packed which normally is a good sign (good, cheap food in a college area) but boy was I wrong.  We found a place despite the fact it was right after a UofW game (but who really cares about them, go BEARS).  I ordered a Cajun sausage sandwich, only to learn 5 minutes later they were out of the sausage, so I settled for the classic Italian.  The whole thing was dry as a result of the sausage being overcooked, the only thing that was pretty decent was the fries, if you like the thin, crispy short.  

The service was not spot on as well, we had to wave the waitress down to get refills more than once on our sodas.
To start...very nice people running this place. I'm not sure if we were dealing with the owners or the managers, but I believe the owners. 

I really like the red brats here. And the fries are pretty good also.

The downside is that it's pretty high priced for the items, but to be honest, it's well worth it. You definitely get your value with them. Oh yeah, try the sauerkraut. To die for.

That is all.
The warm. sort  pretzels - BANGIN'!

The catfish tacos - AMAZING!

Beer is on point as well as the staff. Big up Donald!

The food comes out a lil slow though but overall, great spot!
Great place to go with friends in college - nice booths, nice meals, and like another reviewer said, if this was about their FRIES, it would be 5 stars 100%. Really good atmosphere and really good prices. One of the better places on the Ave for a lunch or dinner with friends or study groups.
It is sort of hard to take a place seriously that doesn't accept credit cards.  Yes, I understand that the credit cards companies take a bite, and yes, it's too much, and yes this is not so much required in Europe and you're trying to be faithful to a concept, blah blah blah.  Get over it.  Get a merchant account.  This is New York City, we don't carry cash.

Also, service is a problem, and I don't understand the problem.  You can hire good servers in this town, go to any theatre audition, they're the people standing in line.  Why must you persist with this crew that seems to care more about their summer sultry fashion statements (which I love, don't get me wrong) than getting me another beer?

Really?  You're this close, folks.  If you wanted to open an authentic european beer garden you've done it, congratulations.  Now, throw us a bone here, we're New Yorkers.

One more thing, have you noticed how loud it is inside?  Sometimes I can't hear the person screaming next to me.  There are simple acoustical solutions for this.  Execute one, please.

Ok, that's all the bashing.  The beer selection is excellent, a rare choice of outstanding brews.  Beer snobs are impressed.  Even my German friends have said "you can get that in the US?"  The food is a fabulous value, well-prepared and well-paired.  There's some talent behind the concept here, clearly.  They get it.  I'm a fan, I go back, they don't need to change anything to get my repeat business, but I'd really like to be more comfortable...I'm just sayin'.
Finally... South Harlem gets a bar/restaurant that actually has a great menu (food-wise AND price-wise) that's realistic than most of the newer joints along FDB (Eighth Avenue). 

Seriously people... If any of you are thinking of opening a restaurant/cafe/bar/etc. along FDB - PLEASE visit Bier International to see how it's done right.
Meh.
I'm rounding up to 3 stars because it was Troy Night Out, and they were obviously too busy.  Even so, the service was still mediocre at best and the food was uninspiring.

Good bar selection, especially on draft.  Prices there were a little on the high side for Troy, but not totally unreasonable.

Food menu... eh.  I'll give them credit for being able to cook green beans and carrots and not turn them to mush.  They were actually quite good.  Otherwise nothing I'd call exceptional.  My fish and chips were average (though the tartar sauce was excellent).  Wife's salmon dinner was bland.  Friend's Reuben sandwich had some excellent corned beef... and NONE of the other things a Reuben should have.

Waitress took forever to pick up our check, and either did not understand the simple cash/credit card split, or tacked on a gratuity without telling me.  Either way, not what I asked for.  It was busy and loud, but she could have at least tried to care.

I'll give them a couple months, if they last that long, and maybe try again.
Whenever I walk by this place, in the basement of a multi-use complex, I think someone drew the short straw. However, its not that bad of a space, find a spot along one of the wooden tables and benches and watch the latest futbol game (mostly... german games, DUH!)

Not to mention, currywurst is delicious...
and a lot of their other dishes....
everything I've had there so far... 

And if you're unsure, ask the servers/owners, they'll recommend the right things
Come during lunch because you will always find a seat and I've never seen a line.

I come here specifically for one menu item (and it's not the beer!).  When I'm craving a BBQ baked potato, I can always depend on the cooks to make me a stuffed potato with all the fixins and chopped beef.  My potato only costs me $6.50.  YUMMY!!!!    

You have to roll me out the door after lunch.
I used to eat here a lot when I was a freshman (2003). My first time there, I had their Swiss Mushroom Burger (w/onions!)...which is absolutely fantastic. I've been eating it since. However, it was always kind of cramped and, while not dirty, the atmosphere felt grimey.

Not anymore. They bought the store nextdoor and remodeled in 2007, more than doubling their size. The atmosphere is great now, I'm tempted to even call it cozy, with a fireplace off to one side. I now stop by for a burger and beer almost once a week.

Great beer, great food, and great atmosphere. I should probably have given it five stars.
This is a great restaurant. The staff is always very helpful and the curry wurst is amazing (which I found out about thanks to the guy working the counter).
I really like the atmosphere of this place...big open spaces and you feel like you're just as likely to see a group of old people playing bunco as you are to see the regular young Austin crowd.

However, I'm a little bit concerned about the food...  The first time I went I had the wienerschnitzel, and I brought along my German boyfriend for a professional opinion.  I didn't particularly like my plate of food, but he assured me that it was authentically German....so maybe I just don't like wienerschnitzel.
The second time I went I had the Reuben and it was SUPER tasty, but the bread seemed kind of soggy...not in a bad way...because seriously, it was GOOD.  I don't know if the toast was soaked with corned beef juices or butter.  I guess it doesn't matter, but it just seemed a little odd.  Also, it was served with plain old potato chips with ridges, which were good, but also seemed kinda out-of-place.  Unfortunately my German was not present this last time, so I could not ask him if this is standard practice in the motherland.

Oh yeah, and I like to consider myself a bit of a Guinness expert...and it was pretty good at Scholz...not as good as Fado or Gingerman, but better than all the bars out there that try to serve Guinness on tap when they have no idea what the heck they're doing.
I love Shultzy's!  It looks like a typical college spot but has some surprises.  They have a decent selection of German beers, usually even served European style in the matching glasses.  Hoegaarden is always on tap and is the Wednesday night special.  The bartender is serious, he spritzes each glass with water before filling to keep the perfect head!  They also make cocktails with real fruit juice.

The food menu is pretty much limited to sausages, burgers, and cheesesteaks but they are all very good.  Almost everything comes with a huge pile of some of the best fries I have ever eaten.  They are thin and perfectly crispy.  The cheesesteaks are not the real East Coast deal but they are tasty and just about as close as you can get in Seattle.  There are some tasty variations too, like one with spicy harissa.

The staff is very friendly and service is quick.  You can stop in for a quick beer and sausage, no problem.  You can also knock back some good beers for hours if in the mood.

The crowd is mostly college students but I don't feel too out of place as an "old guy".  It's a great place to watch a game on the many TVs.  In the summer the front opens up for some fresh air and less of the french fry aroma.  This is a great place for almost everybody.
I gave this place 2 shots.  First time I walked in and the place is EMPTYYYYYY except for a couple of patrons sitting at the bar.  We weren't greeted until we were just standing at the hostess stand for a couple minutes.  Finally the hostess seated us at a table outside, dropped some chips off and left without saying a word.  No one came over and offered to take a drink order or anything and we sat at the table for more than 5 minutes.

Friends of mine had gone in the meantime and raved about the place, said that the beer selection was great and the food was fab.

Against my better judgement I returned.  THIS PLACE IS A MESS.  As a new restaurant you are only as good as your servers.  And they suck here.  We were seated after a short wait with the drinks we had purchased while we were waiting.  We chatted, looked over the menu, finished our drinks.  We sat with empty drinks for quite some time.  The owner popped over to see how everything was going and we mentioned that we hadn't seen our waitress yet.  We waited a little while longer and he came back over and we advised that we still hadn't seen our waitress.  Promptly after this visit from the owner our waitress shows up.  She takes (and screws up) our drink order.  We don't say anything (mistake.)  After another round of drinks is gone, we are left sitting with empty glasses again.  Finally our waitress shows back up and takes the meal order.  We wait 30 minutes.  The owner comes over and explains that it's very busy, apologizes.  We are an understanding bunch so we continue to wait.  Another 30 minutes pass and one from our table goes to track down our waitress (still m-i-a at this point) and we are told that our "food is being plated."  To me this means it's being plated and will be brought right out.  Yet we sit and wait another 15 minutes with still nothing.  We seek out the owner this time and we are told again that it's very busy, yada yada yada.  FINALLY we are ready to leave, because again we've got no drinks and no food.  We should have just left.  The food arrived a short while later and WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.  I tasted everything from the french fries, to the DRY salad that was brought out even though dressing was requested to the spinach salad to the risotto.  The chef here has some serious salting issues.  As in he doesn't know how to use it.  Everything was bland bland bland.  The spinach in the spinach salad was overcooked, bland (no salt) and was sitting in some sort of brown juice.  Not appetizing nor delicious.  I'm all for new businesses especially in Troy because it needs all the help it can get however I will not be visiting this place again and I'd seriously reconsider if you're looking for a tasty meal.
I can say I am impressed with this place Great choice for my 300th Review

we walked in the sign says seat your self, and before we could even get comfy a server was there with menu in hand, we ordered a couple Cokes and started to look over the Menu,
First thing I did was search for Chicago Dog as I had read on there web site that they have Vienna Beef Hot Dogs, and they do have Vienna Beef but they do not make a Chicago dog, well at least I know I can get a good Hot Dog its a start
Then a was looking and I see CHAR-GRILLED SAUSAGE BURGERS Hm-mm that sounds good so many choices but finally I decide on the 

The Chatalas Burger on a Garlic Butter Roll
The burger version of our popular Ragin' Cajun sausage, The spicier cousin of Andouille. Smoky garlic flavor, but a little more heat
smothered with grilled onions and melted cheddar cheese.

it has a little kick to it that I really like it was Spicy but not overly so that it took away from the taste or killed your taste buds like some places I like to sweat not have my mouth on fire

the coleslaw is tangy and cool it was a great contrast to my spicy burger, and the fries were done just right not under or over cooked, they like shoe string fries and they didn't need more salt or even ketchup in my eyes

they had plain mustard and 2 different Beaver Brand mustard's at the Table, plus Ketchup if you must have it, then it is there

my partner had the BARBECUE SANDWICH
Tennessee Tony's BBQ Beef, Paper-thin slices of Rib Eye beef, simmered low and slow in Tennessee Tony's Bourbon BBQ Sauce
it had Coleslaw on the side also and they little bit I did taste was good I will have to get my own to really bite into it next time

now if you just had the fixings to do up that Vienna sausage right (drag it thou the Garden Chicago style) I would be in heaven

oh yeah we will be back to try other items on the menu
beer, sausages and even veggi options. can you really go wrong? No, you can't. This restaurant has been on in the u-district for longer than Ive been alive and will probly out live me
LOTS of great German food for a relatively small price. 

You get  your food cooked on the spot while munching on delicious roasted almonds. 

Then as the smell wafts up from behind the little window you find yourself drooling as the incredibly nice man at the grill hands you your mountain of food.

Once you get home to eat, you find that you have not only a delicious dinner, but a delicious lunch for the next day as well - that is, if you can keep yourself from shoveling the food into your mouth at high speeds.

If that doesn't convince you, I have two words: Elephant Ears.

You heard right. The have Elephant Ears. Seattle must have built up some great karma to have a place like this roll into town!
October and German food, preferably with some beer seems to go hand in hand. As it gets colder out, I seek out more hearty fare and German cuisine is known for that.

Bratz (no relation to the dolls) is what I would call a fast casual restaurant. It is not a fast food joint, but it is informal enough that it is not really a sitdown place. You order at the counter and if you decide to dine in, your food will be brought to you.

The menu is very reasonably priced. I don't think that I saw anything above $10 even for a combo. It is competitive with the restaurant pricing of other places in the U-District. The menu is simplistic as it involves primarily of different varieties of sausages and schnitzels in sandwich and entree form.

I decided to give the #15 combo ($7.95), red currywurst with spaetzle and red cabbage (rotkohl) a try. The red currywurst is sausage made with beef and pork and doused with a curry ketchup sauce. I found the currywurst to be alright, but nothing out of the ordinary. I think I will give the schnitzel a try next time.

As for the spaetzle and red cabbage it compared pretty similarly to the ones that I had at Tizley's in Poulsbo. Except I found the red cabbage to be better here, while the spaetzle was not as flavorable. The sauce that the spaetzle had a mushroom flavor that I thought tasted kind of bland.

For the price and decent ambiance, Bratz is a great place to try German cuisine out. Will be back to try their schnitzel.
I really, really love pork. There. I said it. 

Sometimes I get a craving for porky-ness, and Schultzy's is the perfect way to satisfy it. Don't expect a tubular, brat-type sausage, though. The oval-shaped, freshly made sausages are the patty variety, and they are available with damn near any topping you like.

Pork. Beer. Fries.
Goooooood.
Easy to find w/ available parking. Quaint, authentic German atmosphere--pine walls and furnishings.  Really clean & comfortable.  Food is excellent.  The curry white brat is delicious and not spendy.  Will definitely go again.
One of my fave hangouts! Love it.
Clean, Nice place
Had Lamb and apple flavor beer was yummy! Very nice service, but bummer for not accepting credit cards.
Great place, I really like the truffle fries, chicken dakarois (spelling I'm sure) and the erdinger beer. Laid back feel as well, but unfortunately the waitstaff is a little too laid back too, and strangely the burgers aren't great while the rest of the more complicated food is pretty good. 

Basically, this place is really good - sit at the bar or be patient, order something more interesting than the burger.
What better match could there be than beer and sausage?  It's almost as good a pairing as sausage and fries.  Schultzy's is happy to oblige both combinations, and thus I am happy to eat there.

Although the menu does contain things that do not involve sausage, I've never felt the need to deviate, and although there are things on the menu not served with pub fries, it's just hard for me to give them up (and if I'm eating here it means I'm too cheap to throw an extra $2.50 at a side order of said fries).  If a group of guys want to go out and get slightly drunk and very stuffed without spending a lot of money, this is the way to do it.

None of the sausages at Shultzy's could be considered the best of its kind, but each more than gets the job done.  I favor spicy sausages in this context and pleased that Shultzy's is able to turn up the heat without drowning out other flavors.  Fries are crispy, well-seasoned, and numerous (even my mother likes them), and the cole-slaw is pretty good considering that I usually hate cole-slaw.  There are also burgers and salads and whatnot, but I wasn't kidding about the never being able to get past sausage and fries.

The beer selection focuses on quality over quantity, with an emphasis on Europe.  This is probably not the place to go to find your favorite obscure Czech Pilsner, but it is a good place to go to order a beer you've never tried before with the expectation that it's going to be pretty good.  For those not driving, the German styles are usually available by the liter.

Don't go with a party bigger than six unless you don't mind sitting very close together.  As my roommate keeps pointing out, the dining area has doubled while the kitchen is the same size, so you'll probably have to wait a bit for food on a busy Saturday night.

Want beer and pub food on the Ave but sick of burgers and Red Hook?  This is the place to go.
One of my favorite places in Austin. This is a great spot, especially before Texas Longhorns football games. But I go pretty often for lunch meetings when I'm in town on business as well. It's an old building with a lot of cool photos on the wall and a great outdoor patio in the back. Definitely go there if you want a real Texas-German experience while in Austin.
Shultzy's is awesome!  I come here at least once, usually twice a month for lunch.  Hands down the best rotating selection of lesser known (imports and microbrews) beers in the University district.  Don't go there to eat light.  The salads are a sad little pile of pre-mixed lettuce, carrot and cabbage with store-bought dressing on the side. On the other hand, the burgers are good and the Tim's Steak (thin sliced beef, bacon and cheddar smothered in a delectable BBQ sauce) is utterly cravable.  And the fries!  Thin cut, well-seasoned and perfectly crispy (and they don't skimp on the portions).
being partly german and knowing germany very well im totally digging this place. i approve and will support anytime i can. love the energy, the live music they have sometimes, the food selection, the service and management, their outside seating, the crowd and of course the fantastic beer selection! YAY!!! just wish we would have place like this come to the east! i would be there every day!
Hanging out on the back patio at Scholz's is my favorite spot to enjoy a tasty cold beverage before Texas basketball games for two reasons:

1 - $3 Tallboys of Miller Lite, Coors Light and Bud Light

2 - Lots of burnt orange

There are heaters for the cold night and we've never had trouble finding a place to sit at a picnic table.  It really reminds me of the vibe Biergartens in Munich except for the lack of liter mugs and German drinking songs.  Scholz's works for pre-football game fun as well, but the crowds quadruple in size.
I am giving the Heidelberg 3 stars for a few reasons, but none of them include the quality of the food in the restaurant.  I've never ordered anything off of the menu, and I probably never will.  But I still feel that the Heidelberg deserves 3 stars from me for the reasons that I am about to list.

1) RIDICULOUS Happy Hour on Thursdays and Fridays (unless it's changed in the last year or so.  I haven't been in awhile.) Thursdays 5 to 7, with the purchase of 2 drinks (beers count), FOR FREE you can eat all-you-can-eat tacos.  Fridays 5 to 7, with the purchase of 2 drinks (and again, beers count), FOR FREE you can eat all-you-can-eat chips/salsa and chicken wings.  IPA bottles of beer are $2 so in theory for a total of $5, you can have 2 beers and dinner (albeit an unhealthy one).

2) The Boot.  I believe they have mini-boots now, but the true boot is about 100 oz of beer that you can fill up for $20 with any beer on tap.  Yes, there's a deposit, but hopefully you (or a friend) can make sure you don't break the thing so you get your money back.  I once thought that my friend was ridiculous for finishing 1 boot until I realized the table of large, construction-worker-esque looking men had each finished 2 and some were ordering a 3rd.  That was ridiculous.

3) The Heidelberg is really busy for Happy Hour on Thurs/Fri, but otherwise, it's a pretty low-key place to go for some drinks before you really head out for the night.  I also appreciate the fact that they have a jukebox.

I ate many a meal during college at the Heidelberg Happy Hour and have a few fond memories so that makes the Heidelberg alright in my book.
Recently I had lunch here after years from my last visit.  I used to eat at Shultzy's for their comforting and spicy bowls of gumbo when I was in college.  I had forgotten how delicious their fries were.  My co-worker said they were the best anywhere and the fries didn't disappoint.  Shultzy's fries are skinny, crisp and golden with this rough tasty coating.  How could I have forgotten how good they were.  I recommended the gumbo to my co-workers and I tried something different-the Fuller's London Porter Stew.  I should have stuck to my old fav as the stew was nothing special.  The texture was there, but it needed more seasoning.  I was in the mood for comfort food and the stew didn't hit the spot.  But when I stick to my go-to's on the menu, it's like visiting with an old friend.
I've never had authentic German food, and was a little skeptical based on the pictures, but I am so glad I gave it a try. The man working recommended the Currywust, which is sausage in a curry/ketchup sauce. It was really good, a really different flavor that what you're used to. I also thought it was cool that they have German sports on the tv and it seems like all the other patrons in the place were speaking German both times I went, not sure if that was a coincidence or not, but it's always a good sign when actual German people are eating here.
Nice, relaxing place...usually go there twice in a week for their lunch specials which are good for the price 7 bucks, meatloafs, chicken caesar salad, blt wrap, turkey reuben are the ones i tried the most
The sandwiches and sausage all taste very fresh, although the sides can be a bit lackluster. They have a good selection of beers, and the fries are of the crispy variety (not my favorite, but a lot of other people like that.)
I LOVE the biergarten and the atmosphere BUT their German food is barely edible (I have not had anything else here).

Thus thumbs up for beer and music, but just please don't eat here!
Great food, friendly people, good value for the price. My son loves it and they always remember him and his favorite dish.
Came here with my family on a relaxed Saturday afternoon and was super excited when we walked in and the place wasn't packed! Upon walking in, you are greeted by the smell of delicious smoked meats... FYI, you might smell a little like jerky by the time you leave. If this is an issue, you probably shouldn't live in Texas.

We were immediately seated and began poring over the menu. First off, if you are an indecisive person, you may want to bring along a friend to help you decide what to eat -- there are SO many choices! Sandwiches, smoked meat plates, schnitzel, cheesesteaks.. and then the array of sides you can choose! German potato salad, fresh veggies, fried okra, kraut, red cabbage, fries, just to name a few. 

We started off with an order of the jalapeno corn fritters, which were piping hot and delicious. They were basically corn nuggets with little bits of jalapeno thrown in: not super spicy, but they had a kick. Our table cleared that basket quickly.

I chose the Jagerschnitzel for my main. Schnitzel, for those of you who only know it as a lyric from The Sound of Music, is a pork loin, pounded thin and breaded, then fried til crispy. The Jagerschnitzel (which was at least half the size of my plate) came smothered with mushroom gravy, and let me tell you, this was not your typical canned fare; there were big pieces of whole mushroom adorning the top of my beautiful schnitzel, and it was delicious. The plate came with two side choices, and the broccoli and kraut I ordered were perfect. Mmmm.. sauerkraut. If you've never tried it, this is the place to do so! For a less tangy alternative to kraut with the same German authenticity, try the red cabbage. It's a little less in-your-face than sauerkraut for you newbies.

Another option to top your schnitzel (get your mind out of the gutter, now) is the decidedly un-German queso on the Scholz Schnitzel. I didn't get a chance to try it, but the person who ordered it cleaned her plate, so I would assume it was fairly tasty. 

All around, good service and good food at this place. I definitely want to come back one summer evening and chill in the bier garten; it looked like the perfect place to hang out and enjoy a bottle of Spaten!
Okay, let's start with the negatives. For starters, space wise, this is not really a beer garden. It's more like a beer shrub. Beer Chia Pet maybe. Basically, it's small. For the crowd this place attracts be prepared for some wait time for a table. 

That being said, this place has such a good vibe to it. It's a great mixture of people that visit this spot. The beer selection is pretty good. Any place that has Erdinger and Delirium on tap is win for me. Beer comes in all sizes. Flights, 20oz, and even 1 to 2 liter boots! Naturally I opted for a boot.

The food here is some of the best beer garden food I've ever had. Their truffle fries aren't fries with truffle sprinkled on them. They're more like giant flakes of truffles bedded over the fries. I swear they have a truffle garden on their roof or something. Needless to say we ordered 3 plates of those. They have a big selection of different sausages which were all delicious.

This is a great addition to the growing Harlem food scene. Giving me more of a reason to make the journey from Astoria.
What a great neighborhood spot.  Max and Sean had the great idea to try Bier International this morning for brunch.  Thanks guys for letting me tag along.  

$7 for eggs (any way) + mix green salad + more than enough toasted pita + red pepper hummus? YES PLEASE.  The only strange this was that a small cup of regular coffee was $4! The food was fresh, the service was friendly and the crowd was perfect.  I think I can get past the high priced coffee. 

I can't wait to share this place with more people i love.
Scholz is one of those spots in Austin that I kick myself for not discovering earlier.  A great outdoor patio, I can only imagine what it's like on a gameday, imagine only because I think I'd rather avoid the madness of that.  I'll take my Scholz on an empty sunny afternoon.  

The draft list is impressive and the food excellent.  I believe it's owned by the same people who own the green mesquite.  Either place you cannot lose.  Amazing patio spaces, great service and killer eats.
$4.99 Jim Bean Manhattans?! 

My fiance is working on her masters' at UW and every Monday after I drop her off at class I notice that Shultzy's has $4.99 Jim Bean Manhattans. I've been trying to go for some time and last night I was able to make it. 

I must say that I particularly LOVE this place. They have great beer, the food is not bad, but in general this is a good place to go have a beer with some friends. 

I ordered a Manhattan, dry...not a big deal. It comes with 3 Olives in it. Uhhhh, don't get confused by the glass, Manhattans and Martini's are very different drinks. The staff tried to argue/reason their way out of this, and their only solution was to get a cherry for us. Never did they offer to remake it. The bartender put olive juice in the drink. Gross!!

Stick to what you are good at Shultzy's...beer. The staff was terrible last night and I ended up walking out with my party. I doubt I will ever be back. Big Time Brewery across the street has decent enough beer to be my default beer spot on the Ave now.
Did someone say... Beer? It's hard not to get excited at the notion of getting a little buzzed in the afternoon. Case in point: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQ-Ukh_Eaa8

Great beer selection: not too long of a list (having too many choices scares me), and they have a sampler (five small glasses of different beers) in case of beer newbs like me. Out of the ones I tried, I liked the Riessdorf Kolsch the best. It had a refreshing, clean taste, not too heavy or hoppy. Loved the selection of beer snacks, too - I had the currywurst with fries, and fries with parmesan and truffle oil, yum! So what if the food's not fancy? It goes well with the alcohol, and truth be told, that's what really counts after a hectic 7-hour day spent standing on your feet. Bench seating makes it a little hard to talk to friends at the other end of the table, but it's very practical and gives the place a clean, modern look without being pretentious. 

Cash only, though, so make sure you stock up before making the trip out here!

*Also, this is my 100th review. I feel like this should be a cause for celebration, but I guess this is the only way I'm going to remember it, haha. Hooray!
I had brunch last weekend with a friend. What a great place!  The food was great and service even better.  We both had entrees and two (large) mimosas each.  For $30 a person (with a generous tip), it was a great deal. 

It's a much needed addition to the neighborhood!  It attracts all types of people -- young, not so young :), people with kids, etc.  Everyone is welcome. 

The only downside is that it's small. But maybe that's an upside -- I hope they expand.
I had the Bratwurst dog and my fellow diner had  the SARKburger. I loved my Brat but was instantly jealous of the Sarkburger. Both came with a hearty helping of fries (which were great). All the food was incredibly tasty. They also have a German food slant, which I like. Nothing here is German cuisine, but they have German beers on tap and use sausage to make their burgers. I just wish they didn't charge such a premium. I ordered the Liter of Franziskaner on tap and was promptly charged more for my beer than for my dinner. I know it's a liter of beer, but I've never paid that much for that volume of Franzi, even on tap. 

Seems a great places to catch the games, and I hear their Oktoberfest promotion is really, really cool.
They raised their prices!!  $10 for a sausage burger!  I don't think so!
I would give this place 2.5 stars... but that isn't an option, so three it is.  
I have been here probably a dozen times or so, I work downtown so it is in a great location for me.  The food is decent, there are some yummy salads and today for lunch I got the veggie "burger" which isn't a burger at all... just a marinated veggie sandwich.  Their sweet potato fries are always good... crunchy not soggy.  
I make sure to sit at the bar because the bartender (Karen) is a doll.  I have seen the owner in there nearly every time I am there and I have never witnessed him engaging any of the customers... but maybe it is for the best. 
As bar food goes it is pretty decent.  Depending on who is cooking (I am assuming) the food really fluctuates.  The lunch menu is small which I prefer and they are usually willing to tweak the menu items if you don't see something you like.
Beer selection is good... 
Honestly with a few changes this palace could be really good... but as it is, it is ok.  I have never been disappointed or blown away.
I used to work here many many years ago, but since I was a regular before that I still feel like writing a review.  =)

Shultzy's is the home of the best sausage in Seattle, hands down.  They've expanded the menu a lot more recently, but the best items are still the basic sausages on a bun, with a side (I reccomend the sausage gumbo).  

This place still maintains some of its older eclectic charm, although its "cleaned up" its image a bit and isn't so zany, which I think is fairly sad.  Its strangeness used to be the best thing about it.

Regardless, stop by for some brats and beer, or a bowl of gumbo.  The sparkling lemonade is excellent on a hot summer day around the University Streetfair, and the staff is always friendly.
Went in for dinner about a week ago. It's a very small place, so you should expect to wait a while before being seated. It all depends on when you go in. If it's at the dinner hour, be prepared for a 20-30 minute wait. It's worth it though! 

The food is amazing. We started off each ordering a cup of soup. One was a barscz, and the other a very creamy vegetable. Both were outstanding! We both got the polish sampler. All I can say is that for the quality of the food at the price they offer, you'd be crazy to miss eating at Muza at least once if you're in or around Troy.
The food was amazing, the prices unbeatable, and the staff extremely friendly. I ordered the Hunter's Schnitzel (a giant fried cutlet covered with mushroom sauce) with spaetzle (noodles) and sweet red cabbage. It really was too much food, so a small person could easily just order the significantly cheaper spaetzle, red cabbage, and schnitzel bowl (which is identical to the plate, but just comes with a few strips of the meat on top). Also worth a try: a bratwurst inside a pretzel. The food is fresh and authentic, including their rolls and pretzels which taste like they are freshly baked. It's like a fastfood place where you order at a counter, but wait staff will bring your meal out to you. They were very attentive. Plus the atmosphere is great--If you want to catch a soccer game on TV this is the place to go!
Awesome food to go 

Just had lunch here standing up as they don't have any sit down tables just a couple stand up high tables outside and a couple benches

I had a Schnitzel Sandwich and the BF had a Red Braut and we both had a Pretzel, all made fresh to order so be willing to wait for this good food

ask for the hot curry sauce to dip your Schnitzel in it rocks this is some home made sauce and it is damn tasty

they are gonna be opening a place in Burien in about 3 weeks were you can sit down and have a beer with your food I can't wait
My finacee and I are thrilled to have this modern, fun bar in our neighborhood.  They have an excellent selection of international beers on tap and the wait staff and bartenders are amazingly friendly and outgoing.  The bar food is also really excellent.  Only drawback is that they only take cash, but they do have an ATM in house.
This place is pretty sweet.... I'm so stoked about being able to get a schnitzel sandwich in the U-District.  The bread they use is baked fresh daily, and the gotta couple of options; including a Pork & Beef Brat, and A Pork Only Brat, both of which come on the aforementioned bun. They also have a buncha combo plates, where they chopp up the brat and served it with fries or something. The brats are good... but the schnitzel sandwich it the thing that makes it for me. You can get it plain, or with this mushroom gravy sauce...which I highly rec omened.   The plain version is a little dry, and these cats, aside from a few mustard bottles, don't make with the condiments all that much.

You can get a Brat or Sandwich for under $5.00 making it slightly cheaper than old standby Shultzy's.  Actually, I'd file this somewhere between Shultzy's and Matt's Famous if you're looking for a hot beef (or Pork) injection, and you're hanging out in the University district.

I'm Out

GRR
SO GOOD!!! I'm sure the entire menu is good, but I can't get past the crave-worthy Mushroom gravy Schnitzel and the accompanying spatzel and red cabbage combo. Ultra cheap with whopping portions and plenty of seating. Great for families, college crowd, even sports fans (seems to specialize in oddball soccer, which has its place) and food fans looking for a great value. I cannot say enough good about the variety on the menu and the awesome service and staff. Not to be missed.
It'd be easy to walk by this place without noticing it's there. Tucked slightly below grade level in the same building as Cedars, it served to fill the craving that I've been having with unnerving frequency lately: German-style soft pretzels. 

Bratz's variety comes out so hot in its a paper sleeve (that is, if you request it "to go") that you can barely hold it for the first few minutes without searing your flesh. When it's cool enough to bite into, you discover an extremely pleasing blend of salty, crusty, soft. The sweet mustardy dipping sauce with a hint of curry spice offers a fitting complement.

I'm on a mission to try all the soft pretzels in Seattle, but I may not need to venture much further after my experience at Bratz. Craving: fulfilled. 

(And next time, I'll have to try some of the other fare as well--the chocolate pudding kuchen and various bratwurst/schnitzels look enticing and harken back to my beloved Deutschland visits.)
I love the fries here, but that's about it.  It's a great place to go on a warm and sunny day, have a beer and a basket of fries on the back porch.  I'm not that fond of their sausages.  The tend to be a little dry for my tastes.
Despite the worst location in the world, I like this place.  It is surrounded by State of Texas parking garages and parking lots.

However, it does have its redeeming features including -
20 oz glasses of beer for $4.50.  They have maybe 25 (mostly) quality beers on tap.
food is not bad
great beer garden outside
lots of cool photos of Austin (most of them taken before any of us were born).
apparently they even have a bowling ally in there somewhere (although I don't know where it is).

Apparently they sell something like 90% of their beer sales on the half dozen days that UT has their home football games. I haven't been there on one of those days but I imagine that it also has some of the longest lines in the world.

The beer garden seems like it would be a great place to hang out at night or in the fall (when the cooler weather comes).
I am just a bit sticker price shocked at what it cost me for 2 pitchers of beer, pre-tax, pre-mandatory 20% tip: $40.  These are also NOT some expensive beer either, just regular 'ol IPAs from their tap. I'm used to paying about $12/pitcher of average beer, ESPECIALLY in the U-District where their main clientele is low to no income college students. Ummmm ya. Not going back there. Rip off.
Fresh Food, Amazing Brews.

I believe in credible reviews.
I worked here for about a year (through the remodel) prepping, serving, bartending and cooking (when it was slow i liked to dabble.) 

Some tips from a former employee..

If they have Spaten Oktoberfest on tap, get it. It's smooth, balanced and slightly sweet. In my opinion, a great match for anything on the menu.

Spicy Chicken (or any chicken sandwich)-Ask for it on an Amorosa roll. The shape is perfect and the Amorosa holds up better than the normal hamburger bun.

Fries--don't need much improvement but try dipping them in a side of "burger sauce"--they'll know.
*the burger sauce is not vegetarian, at least not when i worked there. It has worcestershire in it, so vegetarians and friends of the vegetarian, be careful!

Cole slaw--just try it. I hear at the moment they're assessing whether people really like the cole slaw. Personally, I love it. From the beginning of the day to the end!

Sausage Chili--LOVE this Chili. I used to hate that I loved it cause I had to make it so damn much... I'd always put the chili over some rice (red beans and gumbo style) mmm..

Skip the happy hour food. It's decent but the regular menu is what you came for.

Tip your waiter! You're really tipping everyone!
Let's talk about the "new" Bratz.  There is now seating, German beer, German television, a radio usually set to the 90s station, and a menu with more than four items on it. The menu is still fairly compact, but I appreciate the fact that the goal is more to do what they do well than to do everything. 

Pretzels were added early on, and I'm sad that I haven't been ordering them since they first appeared on the menu.  Newer dishes particularly worth trying include the schnitzel cordon bleu and the schnitzel with peppercorn cream sauce..  There's nothing particularly cutting-edge on the menu, but almost everything is satisfying and the overall quality level far exceeds the average for the neighborhood.  For food that's filling and satisfying without being heavy, Bratz remains a winner.
One place that definitely has made it to my list of places I would recommend in the U District, in just my first visit.

A sudden craving to eat sausages while we were  roaming around the U District contemplating dinner options is what brought my friend and me to Bratz. Walking in we were skeptical as to what to expect from the restaurant as it is located away from the hustle bustle of University Boulevard around 3 streets west on 50th. It is easy to miss the place even the it is on the corner of the street as the restaurant is kind of located between the basement and the first floor and you have to walk down a ramp to enter the restaurant.

Once inside, we were greeted into the restaurant and it at once gave you the vibe of being at a neighborhood place and without all the flash and glitz the simplicity of the place is refreshing and welcoming. The food is of great quality with the entire menu being in someway or the other uniquely German. It is a carnivores delight especially their curry sausage, schnitzel, spaetzle, fresh baked soft pretzels, German style hamburger and fries smothered in curry sauce. You just have to try all of them one at a time to appreciate the taste. The food also is able to bring out a distinctly different favor profile to your palate. To top it all off the place does not wreck havoc with your wallet, which is always appreciated.

The always gives me the feel of being a family run establishment with the owner of the place being at the restaurant on most days. They are always welcome and the first time I was there they threw in the curry wurst as complementary just for the fact that it was our first time there.
I went to Heidelberg yesterday with my buddy who was visiting from out of town and I must say I've never been treated to such poor customer service ever. We were told upstairs that it was the bartender's birthday, and once we got downstairs my buddy asked him if he could have have a birthday shot. He said we'd have to ask his boss, Monica. When she passed, we attempted to stop her by saying, "Hey Monica. Do you have a second." She ignored us and went behind the bar at which we sitting. We tried again to get her attention while she stood a few feet from us behind the bar and again she ignored us, except for asking, "How do you know my name?!" I apologized to her and told her that her employee had told us. When she proceeded to ignore us further, I told her that her attitude was horrible and that as a paying customer, I expect a certain level of respect."

She was quite defensive and called my charges ridiculous.

Later in the evening, a customer at the bar spilled his soup which also ended up getting on my friend who said it was hot. After cleaning up the spill, Monica sticks her finger in the soup and tells my buddy, "It's not even f*****g hot so stop complaining like a b***h." Of course he was not pleased and told her that he was surprised that she had never had a lawsuit filed against her. After this final incident, Monica instructed our bartender to close out our tabs and escort us out.

We discussed our experience with the older bartender upstairs and she gave us a shot, but not even that will encourage me to return to this place. You shouldn't either. Monica claims to be the owner, which sucks for those wishing to complain. She should not work in the service industry at all.
I love, love, love Shultzy's, and I don't even eat sausage.   I eat  there so often the wait staff and cooks are beginning to recognize me, and I crave the food if it has been more than a week.  Their cheese steaks are awesome - apparently they fly authentic rolls in from Philly.  And, yes, I have been to Philly and had the real thing.  Somehow Schultzy's cheese steaks are less greasy than those in Philly, but in my opinion just as tasty.  Plus, their blue burger is great, the chicken salad is a nice option, or they have chicken sandwiches.  I give the fries and A+, the home made coleslaw an A+ (if you like celery seed), and they have a beer menu that changes almost daily.  They also now have a full bar since their 2007 remodel.  
For people who do like sausage, they make their own, and everyone who has ever gone there with me loved them (both patty form and long form).  The service is pretty good, although I have noticed that it varies in speed, but has never been an issue for me.  Also, for people trying to be less un-healthy, they let you substitute a salad for the fries and slaw for all their dishes - nice. 
They now offer breakfast as of 2008.
Finally, I had a friend inform me that this establishment is one of the only places on the Ave that doesn't have any major health violations.
One of the reasons I'm starting to love Seattle - they have Pinball everywhere!

Shultzy's has a Medieval Madness  pin http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=4032
The machine is in great condition except for a non-functioning drawbridge, but that doesn't get in the way of fun game-play. 

Can't comment too much on the food here at Shultzy's although some cheese fries were pretty dang tasty. Prices on other stuff seemed a bit high though. The staff was extra nice and friendly.  I'd visit often for pinball if I lived a little closer.
I don't really like french fries, but I could eat their's all day long.   ALL day long.  Seriously.  Really.  Mmmmm...
Apparently this place is Austin-famous. So I checked it out for lunch. The restaurant is a German meats Austin hybridI.  t's a little dirty and dingy, old skool. 

The lunch specials were ridiculously cheap -- 2 bbq meats and 2 sides for $7.95 -- WHAT?? Peach cobbler is an option for a side! I went the healthy route and ordered brisket, smoked chicken, steamed broccoli and red cabbage. 

Meats: Lean. Tender. Good flavor. 
Red Cabbage: Awesome. Totally healthy, no creamy sauce. It was sour and sweet, sorta reminded me of beats. 
Broccoli: For reals steamed. Crisp rather than mushy. 

Lunch for $10, totally stuffed, but not in a heavy sort of way.
Great little Ma and Pop shop. 

Positives: coffee; pastries; food; location; cool owners; German accents. 

Cons: lighting is fairly poor; a decorator is badly needed; sometimes their food portions are smallish. 

Coffee
Their coffee is the best in town. Pete, the owner, tells me they brought a bag of their favorite coffee from Deutschland to the people at Colombia Roastery, who blended a coffee just for them. What's more, they give free refills. If I've gotten any good grades since I've been in Champaign, it's thanks to Pete. 

Pastries
The mom makes them. I love the cinnamon rolls. They also have a raspberry shortbread-type pastry made from almond flour. Very nice.
Nice atmosphere, average price,  slow service, small portions.
German made fast, and it tasted that way. I've never had a bratwurst with gravy before. It was OK. So were the sides. My wife had the hunters mushroom snitzle. She said that it was over done. They only have bottled beer. Nothing on draft. Parking was across the street in the community center parking lot. All of the neighboring merchants threaten to have you towed.
Amazing Polish food for Troy, NY. I haven't been there since they stopped serving lunch here.
Like it like it like it. Viva Harlem. Definitely must comeback in the summer time for the roast outdoor.
I found it odd that the sausages (at least the one I had) was served like a sandwich. The link was split length wise and was laid flat in a hoagie-type roll. The over all experience was pretty bland. The sausage was over cooked and the seasoning was nothing more than a lot of salt pepper. The sauted veggies were soggy and frightfully limp. 

I also think a guy sitting in the table next to me farted. That did not help my over all Shultzy experience.
There are few places in Seattle that I love with the passion that I love Shultzy's.  The homemade sausages are no less than amazing.  The beer selection is always great.  The prices are wonderful. The wait staff is friendly.  There's constantly ESPN news on in the bar.  To top it all off, you can get a shirt for the "Wurst restaurant".  

There isn't one thing on this menu that I wouldn't recommend.  Be sure to try a Baron Beer while you're there, they aren't found too many place around town and they are fantastic (not to mention only 3 bucks between 3-6).
I knew I should've come here long ago. Tried their Wienerschnitzel sandwich and side of spaetzle and red cabbage. Everything tasted so good. If you like German food (or Central European cuisine), this is a place you should definitely check out. I think I'd frequent Bratz more rather than the higher priced German eateries in town.
On our way to checking into our hotel we decided to stumble in here for a beer and boy was it packed. I think they were having some kind of special event here and so the service was slow. I ordered some fries (which were terrible) and Firemen beer. My friends had the fried okra and something else overall, not a bad place, but the food isn't too impressive here so I would strictly stick to alcoholic beverages.
As a first generation American of German parents, I was thrilled to find Bratz and visit its new dining room.  I was hoping the food would be authentic (as we'd recently been to Feierabend, where the food was decidedly NOT authentically German!).  We were very, very happy with Bratz!  The food was delicious, the environment was decidedly German, and the owners were AMAZING!  We will be back -- wieder und wieder und wieder!!
Polish Food is pretty heavy stuff.....Golumpki ...you know?
But Muza has an exceptional Borsht and very tasty, albeit greasy, potatoe pancakes. Charming owner/hostess/waitress was exceedingly busy with every table filled on a Thursday night - so much so, that she brought us our check before asking if we wanted dessert or coffee! The tiny place is cute and cozy. We will be back to try the Polish Platter, because the keilbasa, pierogies,  and stuffed cabbage looked very good. The beef stroganoff was slim on beef and heavy on mustard in the sauce. My husband loved it; I did not. Very reasonable prices. I do not see how they can make money without a liquor license, but word is getting out and they are busy. 'Hope that they  are able to hire another server soon!
I like Scholz's...I have a sort of sentimental attachment to it. I started coming here when my brother was attending school at UT and I'd sometimes need a rendezvous point to pick him up. It has lots of beer. It has lots of good food (which you have to be picky about, but it's generally okay in most respects). The atmosphere is good when there isn't some big event going on, and by this I mean after-work atmosphere. It's cool and laid back and there are usually just a few state employees or political folks hanging out throwing back a beer or two. This place is also the oldest beer joint (and business) in Texas, so that's a neat bit of trivia. 
I don't like sports and don't like large crowds of folks who do, so I wouldn't recommend coming here or within 5 miles of UT on a game day. I'd rather have little Bavarian trolls dance around on my shoulders and spear me with toothpicks and laugh as blood seeped from my wounds, but I digress...
About the food: I've never been to Germany, and probably won't unless they give me a po' @ss state employee grant to go over there and do some cattin around, but I like some of the German offerings here. The Jagerschnitzel is amazing, in my humble opinion. A tenderized pork cutlet, breaded and topped with mushroom gravy is a beautiful thing. Most times any special they have for lunch is going to be worth it, as well.
The Berliner Currywurst is bomb dot com!!! And the place itself is very semi-spacious but a bit on the loud side. That's okay if you like having meaningless conversations. But I honestly do like it.
Shultzy's Sausage is one of the nicer bars/restaurants in the U-district. I frequent this place for happy hours after work. They are gluten-free friendly in that they have an section on the menu that indicates what dishes can be made gluten-free. They also serve gluten-free beer which is not half bad! Although I can't eat the french fries and sandwiches, they look soooooo good and, from what I hear, people like them. Among the plentiful greasy food selections, there are several healthier options such as rice and beans, gumbo and salads. I think anyone can find something to eat here!
Maybe the pretzels are new to the menu because no one's mentioned them yet.  I felt compelled to include them in this discussion because they are the best pretzels I have ever had.  Ever.  They are the large soft type but they have a crispy outer crust that is perfect.  And they actually taste pretzel-ly, not just like spongy white bread.  They are wonderful!  

The brats are also very good, with the authentic rolls.  I'm a fan of the Special (currywurst) but if you're not into the ketchupy yellow curry thing I understand.  

Friendly, fast service!  I personally wouldn't lump Bratz into the fast food category; much better quality and a little more pricey.
I was not sure what to expect walking into Bratz. I am originally from the east coast, and come from a German family. Seattle is not known for their German culture heritage.

So I gave this place a try not expecting much. I am so happy to say I was pleased with the whole experience. The staff members were so friendly and pleasant (always an important thing to me), and the food was wonderful. The prices are pretty reasonable, too.

The previously mentioned staff are very helpful in helping you to decide what to order if you are not familiar with German food. Whatever you order, try the curry sauce on it. Can someone develop an actual addiction to that stuff? If so, I'm in trouble.
Dear Gourmandise,

I love you.  With the fire of a thousand suns.

Gourmandise is a cute, quirky bistro in downtown Urbana, and they have made my breakfast mornings immeasurably better multiple times now.

The first time, I had a bacon breakfast sandwich on a croissant.  Magnificent.  The next time?  The petite omelette special, which is a delicious omelette with bacon and potatoes and cheese (nicely small-sized), paired with a tasty mini roll and a piping hot cup of coffee.  Goodness.

Their coffee is the best I've had at any restaurant/eatery in C-U so far, as well.  The staff (I believe the gentleman that owns the place), is extraordinarily friendly and wonderfully engaging.

Now, the only thing that confuses/amuses me.  With a name like La Gourmandise, you expect some Francophone schtick.  But when you walk in, there are scenes depicting German country life, and a plethora of German inspired foods as well.  However, another wall sports French art kitsch.  WHERE ARE WE?

I've concluded that Gourmandise must be in some tiny spot on the French German border.  Or just Strasbourg.  Whatevs. Delicious.  Go now.
I feel like this place has a lot of potential, but is seriously missing the mark in some ways.

First of all - French or German? (Swiss?) Name is French, most of the decorations are French, but food is German. Now - I'm all for German food (as this seems to be the only place offering any in Chambanavoy). But what exactly are you all going for? Confusion?

Next up - it just seems some details are missing. Let's see here - a lot of the silverware was actively dirty. We're talking actual chunks of stuff sticking to knives. Really guys? Syrup was just that - syrup. Not maple syrup. I know the real stuff costs more - but when you buy it in bulk it really is not that bad. I should know - my house goes through that stuff like it's water.

As for service - everything was fine except that they didn't bring all our plates out at once. I'm not saying they went back to grab the others. I'm saying there was a 10 minute delay. Isn't that taught in Restaurant 101?!

My food was decent, but nothing to write home about. Others in my party seemed a bit more pleased. $1 mimosas are never a bad idea. They have a solid beer selection - way way way way better than most restaurants. It doesn't really seem like a place to drink beer - but still. Nice selection. No fresh squeezed orange juice. Lame.

Another odd note: They didn't charge my credit card until about two weeks after I had been there. Not that I mind so much - but still - huh?

I mean - they're clearly trying. They are obviously new - and I expect good things from them in the future. But they're not there yet. No sir. I hope to post a 5 star update sometime in the future.
First went to this place on a Friday night with my cousin and her friend. The place was packed, but the host kept us informed of how long for a table and helped us find a place to sit at the bar.

The beer selection is vast, that's a given, but I was in the mood for wine. They had the basics and were very accommodating and let us taste a few wines before deciding on one.

When we were seated, the waitress came over relatively quickly to take our order. I had the beef Brochettes Daharolse and the meat was super tender. The peanut butter sauce complemented the beef very well. The portions are large, so be ready to share.

The one negative point is the loudness of the place. There's no sound dampening and every voice just reverberates. Not good for trying to catch up.

This place is around the corner from my apartment and I know I'll come back because the food is good and the people that work there are nice, but I hope they do something about the noise.
I heard a lot about this place and drove and walked by it many times.  Finally tried it out on Sunday. 
My son and I both had the sausage sandwich.  It was OK but they were chintzy with the grilled onions and the bun was just a regular bun that couldn't hold anything more.   
Jess had the  fries were pretty good but I ordered the sald which was just OK.  
The beer was good.  I will have to try this out again and try something else.
I'm adding a star for the solid draft beer selection and for having the Biden/Ryan debate on the big screen outside. The servers are super helpful this time, too.
Austin City Limits Weekend Tour  
Quick Review- Visitor from LA
4

Cool sports bar to visit if you are planning on visiting University of Texas. Its located essentially on campus. I swear all the people here watching the UT game was alums or former players. The beer is cheap, could get nasty drunk with a 3 pitchers at 24 bucks, I think it was a german beer?!? Watch the game here and unwind. Also, the food is cheap but I didn't get anything here.
We find ourselves here quite often for breakfast on Sundays.  It's quiet and comfortable, and there are usually few enough people that I don't feel too stressed out when the kids get a little fidgety (we get there much too early for normal people on a Sunday - 8:15).  Husband always gets the La Gourmandise omelet, stuffed with their very excellent bratkartoffeln (german potatoes).  I have been really enjoying the veggie and egg wrap lately - lots of really fresh veggies that you wouldn't necessarily expect to find (yellow carrots, broccoli, green beans) sauteed in peanut oil, I think.  It has a great, unique flavor.  

Have also had lunch a few times and dinner once (German food).  Everything has been very nice - an interesting change from the usual.  

The prices seem just slightly high for what you get size and presentation-wise, but we find ourselves back here again and again regardless.
I love seeing places like this uptown. Came here while I was living in Washington Heights with a group of six people on a Saturday night. Luckily we didn't have to wait for a table. 

Got the Bier Flight with all light drafts, so good! My favourite was the draft that started with a "K" and sounded kind of like "cheviche". It tasted like flowers. Bayerische Bratwurst with sauerkraut was good, though my palette is not so familiar with German cuisine. 

Cash only and it's very loud. There's not any banks in plain sight, so plan ahead unless you want to pay ATM fees. Also the server was hard to find sometimes.
Founded in 1866, this is the oldest beer garden in Texas. I like to picture good ole August Scholz coming home from the Civil War, and, disgruntled at having been drafted as a confederate soldier, deciding to open up a place where he could drink beer all day long. I don't know if that's what actually happened, but it seems likely enough.

I've been to Schulz's numerous times for group events and have always enjoyed myself. Fabulous outdoor patio with ample seating. Spacious interior. A well-stocked bar and plenty of large tables for groups. Occasional live music. Scholz's is most popular for watching the UT games or for a low-key night on the town with friends. At past events, they've served buffet-style make-your-own fajitas that are absolutely delicious. Top-notch queso. Not bad for a German place that serves Tex-Mex. Ha. They also serve German bratwurst (they have to stick to their roots somehow...). 
 
Prices are moderate and parking can be a challenge, but a biergarten with a fun history (see their website) and a lively atmosphere is not a bad way to spend a Saturday night.

Stop by Scholz's.
This place is amazing!!! I can't rave enough about it. Wonderful authentic German food at a great price!! Do yourself a favor and stop here to eat. 
Why isn't there 10 stars? That's what I would rate Bratz at.
It snuck under Cedar's Restaurant, you have to go below with the reclining steep platform and walk down to finally discover this place. On the window, it has a red flashing pretzel sign, so just go for that because the exterior appearance isn't so noticeable. 

Whilst entering this spot, it contains one booth facing the creme walls or individual heavy duty wooden tables like the ones in olden German pubs. Good choice to use this type of furniture. The counter is simple with a guy in their own merchandise (a yellow cap and a yellow shirt). The guy was friendly, with a smile, he asked my order. He also greeted people with a "Have a very nice day!" when they leave his place. His eyes were really cool too, like a super light brown. 

I got the Wiener Schnitzel Pretzel "Special"(with curry sauce). It costs around ~$6. The TV played a friendly soccer match between Frankfurt and Union Berlin. Frankfurt was winning. The small radio on the corner of the room played old school jams, Michael Jackson, real cool, because I'm into that music scene. There were more tables in the adjoining room up the steps beside the counter. The walls hung with pictures of their own food, lots and lots of them. Making me feel incredibly greedy and craving for every single on of them. 

It felt like a family run business. They spoke to each other in German, although I don't completely understand. I only know Arschloch, Saumensch and Saukerl. I know, bad influence learnt from "The Book Thief". 

My order came after about 10 minutes of waiting. The pretzel (as the bun) was the thick kind but not flavored with anything sweet like the fake ones you get at Aunty Anne's. It was the hardy carb filled pretzel you get on New York street carts, if you know what I mean. It didn't taste like anything. The schnitzel was huge, like my face huge. Spreading arond the whole basket, even the pretzel can't contain the whole of it, it was longer than the pretzel.

The schnitzel had very little breading, so you taste more of the meat, they surely don't skimp on meat! The breading had lots of black pepper bits in it, very thin and crunchy. Over it was the curry sauce, looking like plain tomato sauce for spaghetti. "Curry" sauce was good for the schnitzel or else my mouth would be like the Sahara Desert. It had two slices of lettuce and one slice of tomato. Overall, an uncommon spin from your usual sesame bun beef patty american cheese routine. Try it out at least once.
I stopped in for a brew during FloodFest 2011 (aka: the Irene associated floods). They do not brew their own beer so point off for misleading name.  I couldn't see all the taps so I asked the bartender if they had any hefeweizen on tap. She looked at me like I was from another planet and as though she had never heard the word "hefeweizen". 

To break the awkward silence resulting from my inquiry about hefeweizen... 
Me: which Brown's is that. 

Bartender: its the Whiskey Porter. You should have it, it is good. 

Me: great, I'll have that. 

Sputter sputter splash hissssss. 

Bartender: aakk!. sorry, keg is kicked. 

Me: ok I'll have the Switchback unfiltered ale 

Bartender: we don't have that. 

Me: yes you do its right behind you. 

Bartender:....oh. do you also want this glass of foamy whiskey porter too? 

Me: no thank you, just the switchback. 

There was nothing ceremonious about my friend getting her bluemoon, but she was sad that she didn't get an orange slice with it (and the bartender also "forgot" they had it on tap). Maybe it was brain water-log from all the rain, but even my friend commented something to the tune of "dude, this is weird and we're just here for beer". 

For the record, the babes were not abnormally hot (actually they were average) on the night that I was there and the ceiling is just spray painted gold-ish (not gold leaf) so it wasn't all that exciting visually. So orange bobble head reviewers be damned for teasing me like that. 

Sign on register says $20 minimum on credit cards. They also had a 2 for 1 Monday margarita special going.
This place smelled just like my Polish grandma's kitchen! The food was authentic, well presented and certainly tasted like home-made! Unfortunately service took way too long the night we were there. We waited for over an hour after we ordered to be served. The one and only waitress was sweet and apologetic, but i was ready to eat my vegetable imprinted placemat by the time the food arrived. I had the Muza special which is goulash sandwiched between potato pancakes with a side of sauerkraut. The pancakes were a bit thin, greasy and burnt around the edges. The goulash contained tender, delicious chunks of beef, the gravy was yummy and the sauerkraut was a pleasant compliment with bits of carrot and parsley mixed in. A great place to eat if you don't mind a bit of a wait.
Frederick Douglass Boulevard is slowly transforming into a dining and drinking destination. Perhaps no place is better for lifting a glass than Bier International and their food is damned good too. 

This spartan, industrial space is too small to call a proper beer hall though it has long communal tables. The outdoor space is too small to call a proper beer garden. Yet the overall effect feels just right. Loud and boisterous patrons share the long tables - if your'e lucky you get one along the wall with back support for at least half your party. A single TV hovers over the bar like an afterthought. Sometimes it's on, sometimes it's off. Nobody seems to pay it much mind unless it's a big moment during a big game. One wall is covered with nearly every conceivable translation of beer around the world - this really is an international bar, albeit with a German focus. 

Beer is the star and they recently doubled their number of taps. The Czech beer Krusovice remains the stalwart delicious lager on the menu though there are any number of excellent German, Belgian, French, and American beers to try. This is one of the few places you can get kolsch in the traditional sized glasses (0.2L). They've also got Jenlain, a french farmhouse ale that's fruity, grassy, and yummy. They've also got some old world large format bottles and if it's your birthday consider ordering the boot of beer. I believe they have 1L, 2L, and 3L glassware available in addition to the standard 0.5L. 

Where to begin with the food menu? Locally sourced sausages (I dream about the merguez), addictive fish tacos, wild mushroom quesadilla for when you're not wanting meat, parmasean truffle fries with real black truffles instead of truffle oil, German style pretzels, legit sauerkraut with or without sauteed ham, etc. I could just go on and on with the menu. It's just all so tasty. Someone really thought about a menu that went well with beer. 

This has become my local since it opened. Considering the local I had before I moved to the neighborhood, I'm thrilled to call Bier International home.
Went there on  a Sunday with son for brunch...very very good..had sausage (minimal fat)  with fries..(great fries) and son had club sandwich which had fresh  turkey/chicken and fresh ham on great bread..all good..
Coffee was $4.00 a cup....a bit $$$ for this type of bier garten..or not?
We live down block..great addition to hood..wish it was open for lunch, but demand not there yet..( i guess)..had amber type beer recommended by server..good...
So it's 11am and  this strange feeling comes over me ... (no, not that one!) ... I just had to have a bratwurst. A quick check on Yelp pulled up the usual suspects - Uli's and the German deli in Pike Place market, but I didn't want to head into downtown (or cook them for that matter) ... and then I spotted Bratz in the Uni district. Good reviews, so why not?

Bratz is conveniently located on Brooklyn, just north of 45th. It's basically a store front, partially below grade with a bench and high table outside and a high table inside. It's very colorful and the menu is short, sharp and to the point. Brats (red and white), schnitzel, fries, pretzels, almonds and a few other items. I wouldn't call it small - let's say "focused" (smile).

The owner, Robert, is German and a nice guy. I chatted with him while munching on a red brat and the seasoned fries (which were ready in just a few minutes). For condiments, they have ketchup, curry ketchup, spicy brown mustard and (yuck) American yellow mustard. I also got a little side of the curry sauce too!

Verdict? The food is delicious! The fries may have been a hint saltier than I would like, but that's just me - I'm not keen on any salt on my fries! The brat was great - plump, juicy, the skin "broke" easily and the inside had a nice chunky meatiness to it (unlike the weird pink monotony of a hot dog!)

I will definitely be going again and trying all of the items on the menu!
I went here because I had a $4 off $20 coupon from County Market and like unique little bistros, so I figured this place was definitely worth a try. I had the french onion soup and the Paris-Texas panini (french baguette, marinated and grilled chicken breast topped with onions, manchego, and gryuere cheese.) I ordered mine without poblano but it comes with that too if you like a spicier pepper. Both were very tasty, although I wish the french onion soup had more cheese and the panini was a little bit bigger. This place is pretty reasonably priced and is maybe a buck or two more than anything you would get at your local cookie-cutter Panera Bread, except this place has more character. 

My boyfriend was enticed by the endless amounts of hard-to-find pops  in the humongous fridge next to the cash register. He opted for a "Moxie" and really enjoyed its unique flavor. Personally, I didn't really care for it but at $2.50 for each bottle, the price wasn't too bad if you want something special.

Make sure you check the back of your receipt from County Market to get the $4 off coupon---it truly is worth it. I ended up getting a "free" fresh baked cinnamon roll to go (SO GOOD, especially when warmed up for a few seconds in the microwave) and "free" pommes frites. It's hard to find good french fries, especially in Champaign-Urbana where your options are extremely limited, but these were FANTASTIC. Probably some of the best french fries I've EVER had. It's $2 for a side dish, and it's definitely worth every penny.

Go here.
Beyond thunderdome (horrible)!

Ok, so I'm half Austrian... I know better than to trust a German to make me schnitzel, but I've had it work in the past and based on the reviews... I thought i'd at least swing for the fences.

Walking in the door, I was "not" greeted by a angry looking man. He kind of reminded my of the nihilist Uli from The Big Leboski, this guy just looked pissed to be alive. Anyways, we ordered away....

I freaked out when I saw they offered goulash soup, so I had that along with the schnitzel.

The goulash soup was the most pathetic thing I've ever seen, I think Campbells could do a better job with a can. It was extremely greasy and watery... in fact... it was just bizarre. Ok, but I was there for the schnitzel... so the soup didn't bother me.

When the schnitzel was served, I knew it was bad news bears just looking at the breading. The breading was something I'd expect to see if McDonalds... no.... United Airlines tried to make a schnitzel. Still, being the schnitzel champion that I am... I still had a go. The car (my mouth) was headed down hill at a very high velocity with no brakes after the first bite. I tried to slow things down with the pomme frites (french frys), but no joy.

This thing was more like a German chicken tender at a bad dinner than a schnitzel. I really feel bad for all the people who probably don't know what schnitzel should look and taste like and except this place as great food. 

Luckily, the second best schnitzel I've ever had outside of Austria is just south of Seattle :-)
Fun place in the summer when they have the doors open, but it's just too noisy otherwise.  They've got to do something about the acoustics.

Great food and beers though and a nice change of scenery in the neighborhood.
Service needs some work, but the food is very good and the beer list is excellent. Been in twice for lunch and neither time did our server do a very good job (and I work in restaurants). I usually cut fellow servers slack, but when you're not busy and you only come by our table to take the order and drop the check, that's not really worth 20%... I wanted to tip the bus boy who did all the work...
Otherwise, we love the place! Although the small chairs inside are incredibly uncomfortable... But that's neither here nor there. Oh and cash only. Been open a while; let's get a credit card machine guys!
This is a great place.  The pretzel roll - white bratwurst sandwich was perfection. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
UW district beer/sausage place, with TV screens broadcasting European soccer (when were there).

Had early lunch here with my son, before anyone else had come in.  Great service.

Excellent braut.  The bun was outstanding--warm, light, and minimal.

Outstanding fries.  I am not a big fry fan, but these were super thin cut and quite crispy.

Coleslaw and sauerkraut were ok, but on the bland side.  I grew up in Wisconsin with very sour sauerkraut so am spoiled.

The on-tap German pilsner went perfect with the brat.

My son also loved the fries, and reported the "Hawaiian" sandwich was very good.
I can't  tell you how much i LOVE going to dinner at Muza. The 1st time i went was when i organized a small birthday party for my boyfriend's mother. the place is tiny but not cramped and you can't help but feel relaxed and comfortable. Everything about the food and atmosphere truly says home-made polish awesomeness!  i agree with the previous poster about the Polish Feast- i have had quite the aversion to golombkies since growing up with friends who's mother's would make them for dinner and i'd  find a reason to leave early but the golombkies  at Muza made me a convert. It is a gift to have such authentic cuisine without having to travel to Warsaw.
This is a great place.  The sausage is excellent.  It is somewhat far away, but whenever I'm in the U-district I try to stop by.  I love their bratwurst and cajun sausages.  Their philly cheesesteaks are good too.

The fries are way too salty.
Three stars because the food is good, I love their sausages and sliders and deliciously crispy shoestring fries.

Three stars because the service is consistently terrible. The servers are always nice and friendly, but a little incompetent and the kitchen is the slowest thing in slow-ville. Even when we go in with an hour to spare before needing to rush off elsewhere, and we warn our server that we're short on time, more often than not we still end up taking the food to go. They should be accustomed to being a high-volume restaurant, as a popular Ave location, and learn how to fry up a couple sausages faster by now. Apparently not.

Last time I went I ordered wine and the glass was streaky. The time before that, it took them 45 minutes to bring out an order of chicken wings and since we had elsewhere to be, we (again) asked for the food to go. The kitchen threw a few wings in the box. No bleu cheese, no carrots or celery, just some wings. In a box. Oh okay.

Go here for the sausages and make sure you have at least an hour to spare. It's a great place to watch a game and throw back a few pints - if you're the patient type.
Best heart attack I ever gave myself. Mmm... If you need a nap but cant sleep, come here. Seriously. I need a nap.

I like this place a ton!! There is a very nice German man working the counter who has lots of suggestions and explanations about menu items.

Cool picnic style seating is surprisingly comfy and homey. The brats!! The schnitzel!!! OH MY!!! So yummy. Even now, in my food-induced coma I still crave more.

The curry fries are very good. Om nom nom nom nom nommm.. ...z.zzzz....z...z

Warning- if you dont eat pork or meat this might not be the ideal venue for you as options are limited. However, if a vegetarian  wants to bring in food from Cedars upstairs I'm sure that's allowed!
So today i walked out of class feeling a little ditzy, not your usual Im from california ditzy, but  more of a i hate rain and class was kinda boring seattle ditzy.  I had 30 minutes to kill while waiting for my friend to catch the bus before i've decided the shultzy was the closest place to the stop and i've never tried it.  Apparently the beer is good.

I dont know about the beer, but the food was good.

The atmosphere was good, not the dating type thing but for casual dining i love it, well lit, has tv, spacey.  I ordered German something.... sausage.  And it was good! actually good enough that i felt bad eating the whole thing there so i took just 3 bites and saved the rest for later.  My friend ordered a thing of ceasar and it was also good.

I like the food, atmosphere + location helps, staff was nice =  yeah!
Ill be back for the beer :)

Im only giving it 4 stars because it was 9 bucks for the sausage set, its a little pricey for ave.... but whatever, its still good
After eating at Scholz's last night, my friend and I commented on the sausage we were waiting to digest.

"It was kind of... soft, wasn't it?" I said.

"Yeah, definitely... loose," she replied.

I spent two hours this morning, from 5-7 a.m., wondering if I was going to barf or not. My best friend is STILL barfing almost 24 hours later. Although we're beginning to think she might have appendicitis, but only if her internal organs have somehow reversed themselves.
Polish food right by RPI, it's perfect when the weather starts to get cold.  

The pierogis and stuffed cabbage are great, I wasn't too keen on the potato pancakes, a little soggy in my experience.  

Reasonable prices as well, a must go in the winter.  And the owners are so nice, it feels like home, and not just because it clearly once was one.
I think I need to spend every Tuesday at Shultzy's! They have trivia and $4 tequila! Yes, for $4 you can get a boozy, limey, strong margarita. WINNING! In addition to Tequila Tuesdays their trivia will also bring you here. They have a nice array of questions ranging in every topic imaginable and they're hard enough to be challenging but not excessively difficult. 

Our server was really attentive and friendly. Our group of 4 found seating immediately and were definitely taken care of throughout the course of the night. When 2 additional people joined us there was no problem squishing them in and our glasses (whether water or margarita) were virtually never empty.

The food itself was probably the least memorable aspect of the night, but it certainly wasn't bad... rather it was just okay. The bacon cheeseburger I had was a little on the dry side and it could have used some more cheese. The fries were most definitely fried perfectly and everyone at the table seemed to devour theirs. The chocolate cake was the one epic food item. It was the size of a small house and was so rich and decadent and was perfect for our table of 6 to share. I always, always have room for dessert and in all honesty I don't like sharing but the portion was so generous I had no problems doing so.

Great trivia, awesome drinks specials, and outstanding service compensate for only fine food. I'll definitely be back!
Bier International is my favorite place in this neighborhood. The food is wonderful and consistently tastes so fresh and delicious. I never fail to order the Truffle Fries when I'm here (ask for the chipotle mayo to go along with them-it will make the fries even better!) The lamb burger is also a favorite, cooked to perfection, with a fabulous mint yogurt sauce on the side. The brunch AND the dinner are both amazing. Try the Crab Cakes Benedict or the Pancakes with cornmeal at brunch and enjoy a free mimosa along with it--how incredible! The beer selection is large and impressive. The Hofbrau is a personal fave. If you are not a beer drinker, they offer wine and delicious champagne cocktails.

I also love the customer service. Everyone there is very welcoming and accommodating. I especially like the server Jeff. He is always very friendly and professional. He makes you feel like you're his only table in the restaurant, and he has a wonderful knowledge of the food and drink menu. Overall, Bier International is a gem in this neighborhood with a cozy and homey feeling. I will continue to return. Get there now!
I love the sides at Sholz, most importantly the German potato salad and the braised red cabbage. The quarter chicken I ordered was dry, so next time it's an all sides veggie plate for me. I also like drinking beer and sitting in the Garten on a nice Sunday evening.
First thing I have to say: $1 mimosa Sundays!!!!! =D  
Okay, besides that (but seriously, how awesome is it that you can have mimosas with brunch in Chambana??): Cute little German (Austrian?) bistro with delicious food!  The decor inside is adorable, and everything my friends and I have had so far has been great.  They serve breakfast all day, and they also have an impressive array of sandwiches (hot and cold), soups, salads, and drinks (their coffee drinks are okay, better than any Espresso Royale, but it's not going to beat out the likes of Morning Cup/Aroma/etc).  It's a mom and pop shop, so service can be slow, and they can be a little pricey ($7-9 for an omelette/sandwich/etc).  Oh, and they have no water at the soda fountain, if you want water you have to buy a bottle.  Otherwise, one of my favorite places to grab lunch after church on Sundays =D
I think the key to any real man's heart is probably a German restaurant with lots of good beer and a variety of tubed meats - enter Shultzy's.  Located on the Ave right next to the University of Washington, this is a great campus watering hole.  I have been a few times, and it has yet to disappoint.  

On my most recent trip they were in the middle of a huge Oktoberfest promotion featuring 24 different beers.  While they were not all available each night, their rotating tap made sure that there was enough variety on each trip and a reason to return again.  

Service has been good on each visit.  The patio provides a great option for seating both when it gets crowded and obviously when the whether gets nice.  

While this may not be my FAVORITE place on the Ave, this is definitely must try.
A decent beer selection, but that's it.  Hands down the worst service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  Calling this a biergarten is a joke.  Why, because they spell it "bier"?  The food is bad to mediocre, certainly no representation of German food nor a reason to trek up here.  10 minutes to get a menu and it's empty. 10 minutes after I asked to place an order, no one has come back yet.  This is the third time I've been here...only at the insistence of others and convenience, and each worst than my last.  Will my Belgian ale cure my ill will?  No, it's worse now.  Not only will I never come back, I'll actively tell people to stay away.
I've been here on quieter nights, where there are few people and the atmosphere is more laid back. Typically, the food is what you'd expect from a biergarten and is generally good. Unfortunately, after my last experience, I won't consider coming back here before a large event. 

To start the evening, one of my friends ordered food and drink at the bar in the back room. I then attempted to order a beer immediately after him, but they refused to take my order, insisting that their manager told them they could only take food orders. I sat down at our table, hoping the cocktail waitress would provide service. The beer never came after I ordered it, so I went in search for the bar. Lines were long, and taking a long time. Walking to the outside bar, it was impossible for any of the bartenders to recognize I was there, even though I was the only person standing there. One had their back turned... the other walked over, helped the other with ringing in a check, then walked away. I ended up walking back to the table, where my friend had finally found a beer for me. Twenty minutes later, our cocktail waitress came by with the check, mentioning at that moment she realized she had never brought me my drink. 

On top of that, the friends I had met there ordered food that took a while to come out (about 45 minutes to an hour). Understandable if there's a large crowd, but there was a point where a waitress was "auctioning" food to the entire room. I'm sure she had no clue who had ordered it. 

I've waited tables before in a brewpub, so I know it's frustrating when it's busy. I'm typically very patient. When the waitstaff is rude, though, and an hour passes by where the only service you've received is what is described above, something needs to change.
Great neighborhood spot. It stays open late during the week which is a great thing (Tuesday-Thursday until 2 AM and Friday and Saturday 4 AM). Great selection of beers at fairly good prices. I agree with Paula K., it is a little small, not like the other biergarden's in the city, but definitely would recommend if you're looking for a place to get a low-key drink with friends. PLUS! If you know how to spell B-E-E-R in another language, you'll get to add it to the way of "BEER spelled in other languages". Enjoy.
great beer list. great place.
Ok, so I have to give credit where credit is most definitely due.  I last wrote a not so great review about this place, so I want to set the record straight.  This is still one of my favorite German places in NYC.  The last time I was there was clearly just a one off, bad night.

First I have to commend the owners and staff of Bier International.  They had been contacting me vigorously for months, yes months, to get me to come back and try them again.  Folks, in NYC, you simply don't come across people that care that much anymore, so that says a hell of a lot about this place.

I finally returned there over the last weekend, and Bier International met my every expectation, once again.  Actually, there was a surprise: a band playing Afro-Cuban music.  Not German, but who cares.  It was such a pleasant contrast, it made the meal that much more enjoyable.

I recommend the Currywurst with a good Hefeweiss bier.  Also, be sure to get the Parmesan fries for an extra $1.  You'll know why when you do.

This place still has it's original flavor, vibe, and good service.  Keep up the good work.
First, note that they have changed their name to Das Cafe. Second, they have excellent food!!! My husband loves German food and after seeing a story in the News Gazette, I thought it might be worth a try. On a few different occasions we have had the Rahmschnitzel, Oktoberfest platter, and apple and cherry streudel. Their food is delicious, prices are inexpensive and the couple who own and work there are great! They have a good selection of beer and wine and also have a varied and interesting selection of soda...they even have Ski! We went with a group last Friday and since it is a small restaurant, you can actually hear each other talk, which is a rarity these days. We have only been for dinner and I am hoping to make it to brunch on Sunday...$1 Mimosas!...and for lunch sometime. A great little gem in downtown Urbana!!!!
I've been here a total of three times; the first was just for beer consumption, the second and third time I actually ate here. The first visit was pretty pleasant. Our waitress was really helpful when it came to me selecting a beer...although she kinda smelled weird...like she ate something with blue cheese and garlic in it. Still, she was super nice and attentive. The second visit i got the opportunity to eat, but only had a Organic Strawberry Arugula salad. The greens were fresh, and the salad itself was evenly coated with dressing. I didn't realize until I was almost done with my meal that the small bowl of cheese that came with the salad was not cream cheese (I'm semi lactose intolerant), but in fact goat cheese....SQUANDERED! My friend had the Catfish tacos...which looked delicious (and according to her, they tasted just as good as they looked). Our waiter was nice, but went M.I.A when it came time to get our check. It was weird...he never came back, and someone else had to present the bill to us

Third time I came here, it was evening...kinda packed, but I still wanted to try some of the more substantial items on the menu. I opted for the "Empanadas Capo Verde", which were nothing short of amazing. will definitely be coming back here to try more of the items on the menu.

What's cool about this place (besides the beer and the food), is the fact that it's SUPER laid back, and although it has the possibility of being pretentious and snobby...it isn't. You feel totally comfortable eating here with some friends, or by yourself with a book, laptop, or just to people watch.Can't wait to come back and embark on some more nomnoms on the menu.
I love the food, and I love how they recommend beers to go with the meals.
Large selection of beers(even though I am not a huge beer fan)
I did not really like the seating, reminded me of cafeteria style.
Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable though, so they get an extra star for it. 
Very convenient location
While randomly searching for some place to eat we came upon Shultzy's. I may have mentioned this in previous reviews, but I really love beer. So, knowing they have good beer at this place was a definite interest. We went in and were seating after short order. I ordered the chili which was actually pretty good, however it was fairly spicy. Even for me, which is saying something. They had a decent selection of beer, I definitely liked the black lager which I had. 

Other than that the atmosphere was pretty good, the server was pretty nice. They had a couple of TV's on, but I didn't really pay a lot of attention because it was baseball and UFC.  

In total a pretty good place.
The Heidelberg (this review is only for the bar downstairs) is a place that I wanted to like so much more than I actually did.  I love German beer, I love darts, and I had hoped that Heidelberg could be a comfortable place to enjoy some beer with friends.  Boy was I wrong...

The biggest problem for me was the rude attitude of the bartender from whom I ordered beers.  Another reviewer mentioned that they felt "guilty" when ordering drinks, and that description is incredibly apt.  When I ordered beers, I felt like I was bothering the bartender (who was doing nothing otherwise).  This is a bar - I'm supposed to order drinks, what's the deal?

The place is also ridiculously smoky, probably the function of low ceilings and poor ventilation.  The darts area is actually great (high quality darts and board), but it can sometimes be very difficult to get a spot on one of the two boards.  I can see how Heidelberg can be a fun bar for some, but I feel quite out of place when I'm there...
Horrible service and absolutely mediocre food. If I was 21 and drunk this would be fine. Unfortunately I am neither.
I've only been living in Harlem for less than a month but from what I've been discovering is that the neighborhood is a diamond in the rough. Although Harlem can be quiet far from the bourgeoisie manhattan attractions around the Meat Packing district, you can still find similar lounges and bars like this one without travelling too far and the people you'll find pass 96th street are much friendly and more interesting. Oh the chairs and benches kinda sucked but everything else was awesome.
Word of mouth calls the food served at the family restaurant at ground level "authentic" (to Germany, I presume), reports that it arrives in "generous portions," and recommends the schnitzels.  Me, I only eat sausage on my knees, so I'm an upstairs/ downstairs gal at the Heidelberg.  

Upstairs,the live entertainment is wildly hit-or-miss, but the venue is so peculiar it seems like a particular treat when it's a hit.  Stand-up comedy every Tuesday is worth the $5 admission exactly once, because the same very funny guys are there every week (~10:30pm).  If poetry slams are your thing, the soap box sets up on the first and third Tuesdays of the month around 8pm.  Besides occasional rock shows, the "Club Above" is a dance club on most weekend nights with little to recommend it.  

That's when it's time to head downstairs, to the Rathskellar.  Long wooden tables, cozy high-back dark wood booths, a familiar juke box and darts in the back, prompt and smart cocktail servers, and lots and lots of beer.  Almost divey, almost hip, almost a townie bar, and mostly just German.  People aren't nearly as interesting to look at or interested in looking at you as at they are further down Main St., which makes it a nice stop for a last call with few expectations.  Oh, and slip a doodle or trinket under the glass on the tables for future drinkers' entertaiment.
I went to a catered event here. The food wasn't so good but the beer was. I might come back b/c the servers were nice and I liked the beer.
I like this place.  I've been here twice, once in the evening and another time during lunch.  I've always liked my food and the staff has been the great.  The imported beer here is excellent.
The Cajun sausages are good but I think my new favorite is the chorizo, dubbed "El Diablo".  I haven't had chorizo since I was in middle school, so this brought back some memories.  The only bad part about this meal was having it before catching a flight.  Four hours on a plane with a bit of heartburn is no bueno my friends.  
You are going to have a lot of college kids in there, but hey we've all been there sometime in our lives, right?  There are also a lot of professors and visitors to the University of Washington that frequent this place. 
(Side note: take a walk on the campus of UW--it's awesome.)
Use the automated parking machines located on virtually every curb near the university.
When given the choice: fries or cole slaw, order extra fries, they rock!
i decided to try Bratz after reading some reviews, and i feel like everyone is raving over their curried ketchup. but don't come to Bratz JUST for the curried ketchup.

no, come to Bratz for their fine, fine sausage. and all of it looked good. i decided that wrapping my lips around a red - or beef - bratwurst would definitely be the best way to go, so i got a brat with sauerkraut, fries and a beer. 

another reason to try Bratz is because the guy behind the counter has a heavy german/austrian accent. this means:
     a) he's gotta know what he's talking about
     b) he's gonna recommend me a great beer
     c) he may be the guy from Die Hard

i've been doing, what i call the beer roulette lately. i tell the bartender to surprise me with a beer they have on draft. i'm sure they're pouring me the most expensive ones on tap, but who doesn't like trying new beers?

anyhow, the guy asks me if i'm in the mood for a light or a dark (weisse or dunkel, if i remember correctly from my college trip to heidelberg). i tell him dark and he hands me a Maximiser. it's 7.5% but no bite, just like i remember those lovely german beers...which leads me to yet another great reason to go to Bratz - you can get really hard-to-find but really good german beer.

the wait for food was probably about 10 minutes - but good sausage needs time to cook, right? the brat finally hits my table and it looks awesome - but the bun, to my delight, is about 1/3 the size of the length of the bratwurst! it's a meat-asterpiece! it's a vision of meat-donna! it's one of the 10 wonder-wursts of the  world! so much sausage, so little bun, so genius!

so i take the advice of everyone on yelp! who has reviewed this place and pour a heaping blob of curry ketchup on the my brat-tip and chomp down. the brat is awesome. they've got natural casings so they snap when you bite into them, which i love. the meat is juicy and perfectly spiced - not spicy like an italian sausage, but with a good, solid, bold flavor.

so yeah the sausage was awesome. what wasn't awesome was the curry ketchup. i guess it's just not my thing - i've always been a mustard guy. ever since i can remember, mustard was the condiment of choice for me. so i put down the curry ketchup picked up the bottle of spicy-brown goodness and bites 2-11 were perfection.
this little place tucked away in Harlem is a decent spot, with good, minimalist decor, communal tables reminiscient of most Oktoberfest events i've been to, and with a quite respectable beer selection. They were very accomodating and got my friends and I (a group of 10, and when you see the size of this place, you can appreciate this more) a table right away! While ordering, some issues started to pop up, one (or two? i forget) beer was not available, there were not enough boots (big glass boots with up to 1 liter of beer) at the establishment, but we all ordered, whether people chose American beers (like the Bronx Pale Ale, which is really good and not very easily found) or European beers (like Delirium Tremens, Duvel, Hoffsbrau, or others including a strawberry flavoured beer that my girlfriend loved).
The food was good, but not fantastic, two of my friends' ordered brats that were bland, small portion, and not so memorable. I had the wieners and kraut, good, filling, and a very generous helping of Kraut. Word of advice, get the kraut with bacon, the thick pieces of bacon work perfectly with the kraut and give a deliciuos taste! Also, the truffle fries with shaved parmesan were AMAZING!! Some of the food items were not available, but overall it was great service and quite fast getting the food and beer to us, so we were very satisfied!
And as a tip, go there for your birthday, they give you a bottle of wine as a gift when you're leaving! #winning!
I believe this is the oldest establishment in the city of Austin.  It's a great bar for a casual drink and has some really top notch food as well.  Excellent BBQ.  Fantastic Wiener Schnitzel.  And a great selection of beers on tap.  My sister had her wedding reception here 10 years ago and it remains one of the best wedding receptions I have ever been to.
This place is a lot of fun. The beers are great (daily rotation of what is on tap) and the food is wunderbar! Trivia on Tuesday nights kept me and my roommate coming back for 8 weeks but sadly, we must move on to bigger and better endeavours. We definitely hit it up every once in a while to revamp our taste buds.
Law school has kept me from Yelp reviewing but I thought I'd do one for a restaurant I've been meaning to review for a while.  I really like Shultzy's for their beer specials and the big private booths.  They are a little bit pricey for me to work it into my normal lunch rotation (and they lose a star for that) but its a nice spot every now and again and good for catching an NFL game every now and again.

My favorite thing hands-down on the menu is the Chatalas burger.  The sandwich is hot with the cheese nice and melty.  Grilled onions are perfectly done.  Your hands are sure to be messy after you finish but its finger lickin' good.  The sandwiches comes with slaw and fries which I'm not a huge fan of.  I've had a few of the other sandwiches and they are all hot and tasty, but chatalas is my favorite.  I think the fries tend to be a little too shoestring size-wise, not much consistency and you have to eat a stack of them for any substance.

Drop the price (or do some lunch specials) and improve the fries and Shultzy's would be a five-star joint.
So our venture into this joint was kind of awkward and adventurous at the same time.

After attending the graduations of plenty of my friends in Frank Erwin Center, we decided to go get a couple of beers somewhere close by. A friend spoke up and suggested this place. I hadn't seen it or heard of it before.

We went, saw the place was awfully crowded. Must be good!

Went in, order a bunch of beer. 
Offer to pay.
We are refused *confused face*.
But you just gave me beer, am I not supposed to give you something in return?
Its a private party sir, its all taken care of.

Oooooooooohhhhhh.....

Ok then. Can I have 3 more beers then. And whats good to eat. Mmmm. Potato Salad. The rest was BBQ, which my friends gorged down.

So we unknowingly/knowingly crashed a party. We were loud, singing and being merry. I think everyone was staring at us. Because we were the only large group of drunk Indians. Who cares.
FANTASTIC environment! Great beer selection! Outstanding food! Great wait staff! The beer is reasonably priced too. Delirium is $8, whereas many other places charge $10.
This place has a great atmosphere. There is always fun music playing and the food and drinks are really good. I am a beer enthusiast so it is always nice to find a place that actually has good beer on tap. Even though the food can be a bit pricey, it is all very tasty and the fries are awesome.

The service can be hit or miss so be prepared for that. A perk is that the female servers tend to be pretty cute. Try to stop in when a server named Sassy is working. She is funny and definitely not hard to look at.

Overall, Shultzys has good food and beer and a hot serving staff.
Went there and it was really average, pretty boring menu... I didn't see the shepards pie or bangers and mash that others have mentioned. Looked like the same menu I could go to at least 6 bars in Troy and get.

I ordered the Cheese Steak, got a Chicken Philly instead.. I mumble sometimes so I gave them a pass. The sandwich was really super dry, it was half the size that I expected, and had maybe 2 - 3 ozs of chicken on it tops. Waffle fries were good though, but not a ton of them either.

Food came out super quick, waitress was nice. I love the building but I always have loved it... but that building and space seems to deserve so much more then bar food. Would like to see at least some interesting specials, if it is going to be regular bar food it should be done exceptionally. 

I am going to try it again and update my review. Hopefully they progress, but I would probably give this a 2.5 for now more than a 3.
Can't we just bulldoze Scholz Garten?

I work in the neighborhood and occasionally pop in here. It's always a bad experience. 

I attended lunch yesterday with several coworkers. I ordered a coffee and was given a cracked, leaking mug. When I told the waitress, she replaced it with ANOTHER cracked, leaking mug. By the time I left, I had coffee stains all over me. 

I ordered the Jambalaya for lunch. It was cold and runny. It was like no Jambalaya I had ever had. It was served with two slices of WonderBread (wtf?). 

The servers have no character at all. They're bored, disinterested, and frankly, not very good at their job -- Our drinks went dry several times (they totally stopped refilling coffee on a day it was in the 20s), and behaved in a way that suggested they were doing a huge favor to take our order. 

It's like part of their training requires them to suck. 

I've given up on Scholz Garten.
I have to admit, I wasn't impressed.  I FINALLY made it here this weekend during the UT Game after living in Austin my whole life and hearing all the hype.  Okay, okay, I know it was probably the worst UT game to check this place out considering the fans have literally given up for the season, tailgaters found something better to do, and many just  simply gave their tickets away.   

The weather was nice and the place was virtually empty during the 3rd quarter, so we sat outside after I toured around the inside and checked out what beer selection they had.  Without the crowd- this place isn't very inviting.  The TV's were lame and hard to see unless you were sitting right in front of the stage b/c they were low.  I could imagine at night it would be a little more lively as I saw some lights hanging in the trees outside, etc. 

The beer selection was okay- very limited outside.  $6-7 for drafts inside. I did not have a chance to check out the food.
I find this place a bit crowded and small for a beer garden, and it's not really gardeny because it's indoors. So it's more of a "beer room". But the selection of beers was pretty good and they had a lot of interesting food options. They definitely didn't stick to German cuisine. I enjoyed a slice of pecan pie with my brew. The service was pretty good, and I thought the mixed up crowd was really interesting too. An exciting spot for Harlem!
1:  Boot of beer.  Delicious, wonderful sudsy beer.
2:  The Schultzy - crispy bun, incredible sausage, and simple.  
3:  Great fries.

I'm really not sure what could be missing from this joint?  The sausage took a while to get to me, but with the boot - I pretty much just didn't care.  Great atmosphere, look forward to going again.
Don't let the name fool you - Bratz isn't just another hook-em-with-a-cute-name U-district dive. This place is the real deal, serving up plump, delicious sausage and succulent spaetzle in a surprisingly classy joint. This close to the ave, most restaurants look like grimy cafeteria rejects...so imagine my surprise to walk out of the rain and into this immaculate, tastefully decorated little cafe. Bratz boasts more seating than its basement location seems to imply, and I was glad to see soccer on the large flat screen tvs.

The food is the real star here though - the schnitzel is crispy and wonderful, and the special recipe sausages are the best I've had in Seattle. I was so glad to see decent red cabbage for once, too...some places I've been to turn it into unpalatable slime. Hooray for Bratz bringing us the good stuff in a cafe so close to home. I'll be glad to come here whenever I'm craving decent German food :)
I have lived in the neighborhood for over 10 years and great places like this have been opening up in the area.  The Bier Garden is bright, clean and intimate, and it has fun beers to taste.  The truffle fries and hummus platter are pretty good staples.  I don't find it over priced, just low key and fun for a late afternoon or early evening.  The service was attentive but not hovering.  Note, they accept cash only, but I think that's great.  It's not over priced at all.
This place is strange to me. The clientele is mostly a Jager and drinking-out-of-boot-glasses crowd. If that helps you. Also if it helps you, they have tons of Jager specials which completely drown out any taste of liquor. 

Me, I like my drinks booze-forward so I know what I'm drinking. (answer? bourbon, mostly)

I've compromised here. Defaulting to my early 20s I sometimes get a PBR (Piss-water Beer Relapse?). Or a whiskey ginger (it was poured strong but somehow I still didn't like it - type of soda?). 

I've been taken here by some seriously cool cats on three separate occasions so the locals must have a history here ("It used to be cool!"). I really like the space. Dungeon-like without being oppressive. Besides the strong bleach smell that hits you with a great sickness to your stomach while coming down the stairs, the bar, even when mostly empty, doesn't wreak. Doesn't come up smelling like roses either.

The jukebox, in so far as I can tell vis a vis songs chosen by fellow drinkers, is god awful. Kind of classic rock anthems from the 70s on through present day. By the end of the night there more than likely will be really loud Dudes yelling, "Yea BROOOOO!!!" Not really my pint of beer. 

Anyway. On off days/off hours there are some regulars that seem rad (but also out of place). During later evening times, I can't survive unless I bury myself in pleasant company en masse. 

With friends this place is a 3 star. But if my pull my head out of my tuchus and look around, it's a two.
It's really great to have a place like this in the neighborhood- but why are there always so many babies?! Why is this ok? There were two screaming babies there while we were eating dinner, and every time I walk by, there are babies inside. It's honestly what made me wait so long to try the place out. The food was good, and the beer pairings were great. Even the prices are good, it's not worth the ambiance of a daycare at night.
Maybe I should have gotten sausage since they specialize in that, but I was in the mood for chicken sandwich. Got the Spicy Chicken sandwich, with peppers, cheese, and maybe jalapeños, I forget. Got the side salad as well, and an iced tea. It was all fine although unremarkable and "spicy" is a bit of a misnomer for that sandwich, which was pretty bland. Don't intend to return but I wouldn't cry if I had to eat there again.
I am a big fan of their cheesesteaks.  My most recent visit with a friend allowed us to try a special they had...their taco cheesesteak.  Delicious!!  We also had the spicy bacon cheesesteak, which was pretty good.  Adding some of the sweet hot mustard made it extra delicious.  I like the thin and crispy fries that come with the sandwiches.  I've only ever been for lunch, and find it to be a great lunch spot.  SO tasty!  Check it out!
My food took forever to arrive and then was an entirely different order. I never got a water refill and couldn't wave down a server to even get a fork and a napkin. When I finally got service they were really rude. I'm super easy-going, but this was just ridiculous.

No one was in the shop, so I'm not sure what the deal was. I think their "seat yourself and hope someone notices you" strategy isn't working. No reason it should take more than half an hour to get a sandwich for a party of one (and an expensive one, to boot). 

The fries were good. That's about it. I won't be coming back.
Top Notch!

This place is a welcome addition to up and coming Harlem.

Nice decor and great crowd.

I have been there 3 times already and it just keeps getting better, hopefully they can keep it up.

Great selection of beers and the food is delicious.

The burger is one of the best in the city!  Also, try the parmesan truffle oil fries.

Only negative: it can be a bit loud.
Gourmet German food including schnitzel, sausages, spaetzle, fresh baked soft pretzels, German style hamburger, fries smothered in curry sauce,  beer and currywurst...and even various combinations of the above. They have red and white curry sauce, as well as a mushroom hunter sauce.

* Wiener pretzel ($6.95) with curry sauce (50 cents extra):  The pretzel takes forever to bake or heat (20 minutes?). The sandwich is simple (schnitzel, lettuce, tomato, curry sauce) but shines because of the giant, thin, hot, schnitzel (pork cutlet). Why did I think the red curry sauce would be good? It was too salty and not a good combination of spices. 

However, I loved that schnitzel...crisp, non-greasy exterior, light breading, juicy interior, full of flavor. The pretzel wasn't the best choice because the inside became soggy. I suggest trying their roll or ordering schnitzel not served in a roll. 

The tables are massive wooden picnic style. Each table gets a bottle of curry ketchup and a German flag. They had a soccer game on TV. Great value, homemade German comfort food...but the food takes forever...what happened to German efficiency?
Shultzy's has been an institution on "The Ave" since it opened in the late 1980s.  It's changed a lot from its early days as a 12 seat lunch counter serving a very limited menu of sausages, Tim's potato chips, soft drinks or sparkling lemonade, and abundant attitude from the resident grillmasters.  The new Shultzy's, down the street from its original home, is big with comfortable seating, televisions, beer/wine/liquor, an outdoor patio seating, and even a few pinball/video games.

What hasn't changed is the quality of the food.  Don Schulze (founder of Shultzy's) is on the grill at lunch most days, making sure the food quality remains consistently tasty.  Wife Susan and daughter Emily are often waiting tables, so they're making sure the service is professional, albeit with that Shultzy's attitude that regular customers know and love.

When I eat at Shultzy's (which is every time I come to Seattle), I tend to prefer the sausages and "sausage burgers" (same inside as the sausages, but in patty instead of link form) because they're handmade at the restaurant by Don and his staff and they're served on a crusty roll with "O's and P's" (onions and peppers to those in the know), Sauerkraut, and a variety of mustards if you desire.

My favorites are the El Diablo (hold the sour cream if you're like me) which is a spicy Chorizo link butterflied and topped with salsa and cheese and the Novie Wedge (a Sweet Italian sausage topped with marinara sauce and parmesan cheese).  I can't say anymore because I'm starting to drool on my keyboard.

That's not to say that Shultzy's doesn't have other good things on their menu.  I've tasted the mushroom-swiss burger (juicy and delicious).  I also like the sausage chili and the sausage gumbo; I'm not sure which I like better, but they're full of sausage (good value).  Ask for some Tabasco if you're like me and like your chili and gumbo spicier than usual.

And get some french fries.  Really!  You can thank me later.  These are some fantastic crispy thin-cut (not shoestring, but about halfway between shoestring and McDonald's) fries.  They're fried in non-trans-fat oil now, but they're still as delicious as ever.

Lunches are crowded, mid-afternoons and dinners are a little less so.  UW gamedays are fun but insanely crowded -- if you're looking for a place to have fun before or after a UW game, Shultzy's is a good choice.

What not to get... Well, unless you're a small child, skip the All-Beef Frank (or ABF in Shultzy's-speak).  It's a hotdog -- a good enough one, but probably about the same as you'd get at Costco.  

Note: After being a regular customer for several years, I became a partner in Shultzy's Sausage back in the early 90's.  I currently have no connection with Shultzy's other than having been a patron for nearly 20 years now and I'm friends with the Schulze family.  My review reflects the opinions of my stomach only, not my heart.  :)
The Heidelberg is the one German restaurant still standing in Ann Arbor, but that's more a testament to its Rathskeller (downstairs) and the Club Above (upstairs) than the restaurant itself.  It's a sort of cheesy Bavarian impostor with moderately Americanized versions of the food I came to love in Germany, although Metzgers (now located west of town near Dexter) is considerably better.  I've never eaten their appetizers, but they offer tacos, nachos, wings, and other assorted snacks.

The selection of German beers is their calling card, although a full bar is available on all three levels and patrons can freely carry drinks up and down the stairs. Local bands are showcased on the top-floor bar, which is my favorite of the three levels.

I avoid Happy Hour because I don't like being forced to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with inebriated strangers. They should call it "letzte U-bahn nach Hause" hour. Instead, park at the upstairs bar where the matronly bartender is polite.
Wednesdays = Hoegaarden and dinner at Schultzy's.  $3.99 for a .5l is nothing to scoff at,  but when it's washing down the most delicious sausage gumbo in town... just forget about it.  Think a really dark roux with lots of okra and their homemade sausage that has just the right amount of kick to make that Hoe come in handy.  Their fries are crave worthy, their chili is yum, and I would definitely recommend their breakfast as well (and the hair-of-the-dog cocktails available to make that 'morning after' a little brighter).  Bonus: The staff is GENUINELY NICE and attractive to boot.
I like this place.  It's relaxed, has a great selection of beers, and serves good bar food.  

I ordered the Vesuvius sandwich the first time I came here, and I must admit that after eating half of the sandwich, and half of the skinny fries, I felt disgustingly full and guilty - which, sometimes, isn't a bad thing. 

It must have been a really good thing, because I came here at second time in the same week and ordered the salmon caesar, probably out of guilt for eating the mountain of fries during my earlier visit.  The salad was delicious, and the currant cidar I ordered along with it was great.  

Service was a little slow, but I hear that's their reputation.  I was in no rush to get anywhere anyway, so I didn't mind that so much. 

Next time I come, I have to try the beer in a boot - you know, on a Wednesday afternoon. :-D
This place is lame. It looks like they are trying to be a biergarten, but since they know nothing about beer, they fail. Actually, it's kind of obvious that they don't give a crap about beer, and they're just trying to cash in on the growing popularity of craft beers and biergartens. They even spelled "Hoegaarden" wrong on the blackboard menu-- "Holgaarden." For real? It says it right on the tap. 

They have Rare Vos on tap, and when my boyfriend ordered an Ommegang, the bartender corrected him, "actually, it's not Ommegang, it's Rare Vos." Yeaaaah. Lame, dumb, lame.

Out of all the different types of businesses one could open, why would the owner of Broadway Brew choose to open a biergarten? I'm baffled. The least they could do is hire someone who has a clue.
Great spot for watching husky football and the giants world series win. Nice big hd tvs all around. The sausages are solid and the sarkburger is great too. Best fries so far in Seattle too- thin and perfectly crisp. Waitresses are really nice too- willing to split up check no matter how big the group. Oh and they've got a good selection of beers- which you can drink out of das boot if u so desire.
Everything I've had here has been tasty.  I especially like their Spanish omelets, eggs Benedict, and prosciutto and asparagus panini.  It is an eclectic menu for sure, mostly German inspired.  The service is friendly, food is usually served pretty quickly.  I am not a coffee drinker, but even I like to sneak a swig or two of my husband's iced coffee.
I love that this place is actually run by a German. Way to keep it authentic. I ordered the currywurst plate with fries and at first was a little disappointed because my brat was sliced and covered in a red curry sauce rather than served dry on a bun. Then I re-read the menu and realized it was my mistake for ordering clearly what I received.

PROS:
1. Friendly staff. When I realized my dish didn't come with bread, I simply asked the guy in the back if I could please have a roll. He didn't charge me for it. Just gave me one!

2. Good fries. Well seasoned.

3. Lots to choose from. Brat plates with sliced dogs in sauces. Or dogs on buns. Fries. Spatzle. Schnitzel. Apple turnovers. Elephant ears. Etc.

CONS:
1. A wee bit too much sauce on my brat.

Next time I'll try a brat on a pretzel bun, and an elephant ear. Oh, and the sugar almonds wrapped in tissue paper like you'd get at the fair!
Awesome bratwurst and schnitzel.  Aside from the poorly-chosen name (anyone remember the Bratz dolls of the early 2000's?), this place rocks.
Most authentic German food this side of the Rhein! 

Bratz serves authentic German wurst, both red and white, in a manner typical of Berlin. The food is complimented by friendly staff, delicious candied almonds, and the iconic soft-pretzel. 

Future expansion, I have been told, will encompass a dining room with beer garden; as if the Berlin-style curry-wurst wasn't enough of a selling point! 

wenn man an Deutsches Essen denkt, soll man an Bratz denken!
Best food on the Ave if you ask me, and that's saying a lot. Sausages are all amazing, however I like to stick with my SARK burger, as it is one of the best burgers I think I've ever had. Lot's of good beer's on tap, especially all of the German beers. The food isn't that expensive, so that's always a plus. Maybe I'm just a Shultzy's homer, but I love this place, and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a nice sit down restaurant on the ave.
The Heidelberg is three levels and essentially three different worlds.  The basement is a dive bar, long and narrow with lots of places to sit & dart boards towards the back.  The main level is a restaurant and the upstairs is a unremarkable bar that has more music/karaoke sort of events.  

I've only been upstairs on Wednesday nights, karaoke.  It can get PACKED by later on, so don't go there with your heart set on getting to sing all your fav's... it could take a while for you even to get up there once.  There are usually good beer specials, but mixed drinks are pricey - Jack Daniels for example is about $6... which is expensive, even for Main St.

The basement bar could have turned into a favorite for me, I like the space & I love played darts.  However, I avoid going here at all costs because (as numerous other reviewers have noted) the bartender has the WORST attitude I have ever encountered.  She's the first bartender who's actually made me feel guilty for ordering a drink.  Umm... isn't that what you're SUPPOSED to be doing at a bar?!  She has said such rude and inappropriate things to both people I've been with and to me that I've been flabbergasted.  The first time or two I wrote it off thinking "ohh, she's just had a bad day.." but after numerous occasions, and hearing stories from others, I've had to give up that theory.  

For example, my friend sat at the bar one evening, patiently trying to get a beer... Monica (the bartender) walked past several times, helping other people.  Finally, Monica stood right in front of my friend and started doing paperwork, as if taunting her.  My friend said "excuse me, is it possible to order a beer?" and Monica glared at her and snarled, "Well, if you'd made eye contact with me when I'd looked at you earlier, you would've had it by now".  My friend's jaw just about hit the bar... and the townies who were nearby just shrugged & said "that's how she is".  It's as if some of them almost find her disdain for helping customers endearing.  Umm, not me!  I'd much rather head to other places where I'm greeted with a smile & the bartender is a jovial person who's fun to banter with.  I sure don't need to pay $6 for a jack 'n coke + tip to be treated like that.

The other downside to the Heidelberg are the womens' bathrooms (can't speak about the mens...).  The space between the edge of the toilet and the stall door is approximately... ooh... I'd say 3 inches.  So if you are any taller than 4ft 6 inches, you are going to seriously struggle  and will have to contort yourself into a very strange position to get anywhere even close to sitting down.  A nice visual, I know.  

BOTTOM LINE:  Craptastic bartender attitude and bruised knees make this a place that you're better off skipping right over.  Trust me, you're not missing anything.
They have claimed to have the best schnitzel in town.  In a city with the biggest Oktoberfest outside of Munich, that is a big claim.  I haven't tried all the schnitzel in town yet, but the Metro serves them up delicious in many different styles.  You can find the breading and topping combination for you.
You just have to try the truffle oil fries! Amazing!!! Always very busy so you may have to wait on getting a place to sit. One downsite is they do not accept credit cards as of yet. Hopefully that will soon change. Great place to hang out on a Friday night.
Love the barbecue here! I'd pick it over Stubb's any day.

The beer selection is good, although not quite as expansive as Flying Saucer. 

I also love their German potato salad - always a winner with brisket.

-1 star because the staff is never that friendly and they don't have many side options that aren't potatoes.
My friend took me here for dinner on Saturday and I was absolutely blown away.

The Concordia House is a German Beer Hall and basically looks exactly the way you would expect: dark wood, crests aplenty and all sort of stuff painted on the walls. Plus, the servers wear dirndls!!! 

We were seated by an elderly German man (I think the owner) who told us that we should both sit facing the middle of the room, so that we can watch the dancers. Apparently, they have a live band on Saturday nights and people dance! I am SO EXCITED at this point. 

It only gets better. I order a pint of beer and instead, am served 0.5L of beer! Metric beer! 

My friend orders the chicken schnitzel, and I order the Concordia Platter: 1 small schnitzel, 1 smoked pork chop, 1 Oktoberfest sausage, dumplings (basically stuffing in gravy) and sauerkraut. I drove 2 hours through a snowstorm to get there. I was leaving there hungry.

The meal was good, not the BEST I've ever had, but definitely very tasty. The schnitzel was great as was the sausage. My dining partner was very happy with her chicken schnitzel, which was basically took up half the dinner plate.

For dessert, we split an apple strudel, which was homemade, but not quite sweet enough. 

During dessert, we were treated to a two man band featuring a guy on drums and a guy on the accordion and keyboard, as well as a bunch of seniors ballroom dancing across the floor. It was pretty spectacular.

This place gets 3.5 stars for food, 3 stars for service and a billion stars for atmosphere. I will definitely be back, and with friends!
This place is pretty good- a nice spot to grab a drink and eat a burger if you are in the neighborhood. As my friend Lauren K mentioned the seating is less than ideal- wooden benches that are modern but leave you wanting a cushion badly. The food was pretty good- I tried a burger with truffle oil and some great toppings. The waitress struggled quite a bit to get the order right but overall a decent experience with good beer and food.
Friendly waitress, minimalistic but pleasant 'Euro' flair to the place, and the food was solidly good.  An international soccer match was playing on the big screen TV.  The word 'beer' was written on the wall in various languages.

Though it wasn't the best bratwurst or sauerkraut I've had, considering it's location (Harlem, where one doesn't exactly think of the go-to place for German fare), it was quite astounding.

I'll be back!
This is the perfect place to go for group meetings during the day or just with a bunch of friends anytime.  I love how the booths are so huge you could lay down sideways and they have a giant selection of beer and great food.  Perfect college hangout.  And duh, of course it's always packed, that's because it has good food and beer and is a block away from the UW.
Don's probably one of the best sausage makers in town.  I would rate this place higher, but I think I prefer the simplicity of when this place was a little hole in the wall next to the copy shop.

Big beer, good fries, good sausages (go for the spicy stuff -- diablo or the andoulie) makes for a good combo of cheap grub and a good time.
If you're looking for a German style beer along with a brat or burger in a casual atmosphere - this is your place.  It is a college bar, but it is not a dive.  Nor is it filled with a bunch of drunk frat boys (at least not at dinner...)  The sausages and sandwiches are good and the fries are thin, crispy, and salty - just perfect in my opinion.  They usually have around 8 beers on tap.  They also have a decent happy hour every day (all day Sunday!), with a few cheaper food choices and a discount on beer.  Kids are welcome, but there usually aren't very many there.  A good place to try if you find yourself in the U-District.
Love the food - very authentic and tasty. Having grown up in Germany and loving Schnitzel and Bratwurst, this little eatery serves German food as good as I remember it from my hometown's best butchers. Can highly recommend it. Yum!
Very friendly. We had a awesome brat, almonds, an a pretzel. All were great! John the owner was very nice and helpfull.
I hadn't been to the 'new' expanded Shultzy's yet, so some friends and I decided to skip our usual german sausage and beer joint for a little Shultzy's sausage.  

The new digs are pretty, and the quality of the food hasn't changed, so in those aspects Shultzy's was alright.  That said i agree that it's lost a bit of character in it's growth- it's just not as intimate as it used to be.  The wait starff was friendly, and working hard, but we did struggle to get a few of our drinks out.  

Overall they did alright, but i'm struggling to decide between three and four stars here - the price is pretty cheep, the food pretty good, the beer pretty good - no real complaints, but we wern't wowed either.
I haven't officially eaten a meal here, but it's been a nice dependable place to go for a few drinks; we've only been to the restaurant floor, though, not the top or basement. I wasn't extremely impressed with my kaese spaetzle or the other barfood-like appetizers, but it's pretty awesome that spaetzle is available as a option! I liked all the beers that I tried, though I can't remember there being anything particularly special (not that I would know, necessarily). It doesn't get too loud or crowded, which is nice, and seems to've become a sort of handy back-up option if we're in the Main St. area.
Shultzy's has good burgers and sausages, many beers on tap, and a good happy hour.  But their service is slow.  Really slow.  If you go for lunch, plan on spending 90 min there, and don't expect that your check will be tabulated correctly.
What can I say to describe shultzys goodness?? I've been going to this fine establishment since my toddler days, back when it was at its hole in the wall location up the ave. Since last weekend the only thing I've ever ordered was the original sausage patty deal, but I recently discovered their tasty cheesesteaks. 

The service is alright at best, but the food they serve is worth the 'tude. I love shultzy's!
As a German who has lived in the US for two years now, cravings for German food have become a pretty standard part of my life. When we lived in Chapel Hill, NC, I pretty much had to make all German-style food myself at home. 

But when I moved to Seattle recently, my German friends Ralf and Lars spoke in high praise of the Currywurst sausage (sliced red brat with curry ketchup sauce) at Bratz in the U-District.

I have to say, the Currywurst - or "Brat Special" as the menu calls it - is right up there with the best back home in Germany. 

Lars told me that the (South German) owners have all the sausages made fresh according to their own family recipe. I haven't tried the Schnitzel, but Lars said it's also home-made by the owner's mom. 

I noticed that the menu at Bratz is very tight, mostly focused on brats, schnitzel, fries and pretzels. I think this is done with freshness in mind - lots of German-style restaurants in the US have too many entrees, and there's no way they can all be offered fresh on a daily basis.

Bratz made me feel right at home in my new hometown and I'll sure try the Schnitzel next time.
To avoid ridiculous walks and long lunches I normally have a strict rule about always having lunch south of 45th St closer to work. I've walked by this place at other hours and it always seemed appealing, but not RIGHT then. Today I was out at the U-District Street Fair and all the food was so expensive and the lines were so long and I thought maybe now is the time for Bratz! And it was, oh, yes it was.

The regular brat comes on a big crusty spheroidal roll such that the ends are sticking out on either side. There are a variety of mustards and ketchups for your use. It is juicy and good and cheap ($4). They are building indoor seating and obtaining a liquor license, so come June there might be a nice place to watch soccer inside.

There are so many German stamps in my passport that the last time I entered the immigration official greeted me with a "zo, do you live in Germany?" I feel qualified to say that Bratz is better than many of the bratwurst stands I've visited in the Bundesrepublik. It's also the best sausage-like meal I have had in the north U-District. Much better than regular hot dogs at Taste of Chicago or Po Dog (dear god, $7 for a thin regular hot dog, not even a real sausage, I am never doing that again). The sausage at Shultzy's might be a tiny bet better, but Bratz is a fair bit cheaper. And the last few times I went to Shultzy's, it took so long to get my meal that I now realize it is faster just to walk 10 blocks each way to Bratz. This means Bratz is now a notable exception to my south-of-45th-only rule.

Save some room for ice cream at Full Tilt around the corner!
I heard a lot about this place on their sausages. So I ordered the sandwich version of it. Frankly, it was standard fare. Nothing particularly spectacular about it. I could see myself coming here once in awhile if I was UW student, but that's about it. Oddly enough, the fries are somewhat addicting. They didn't seem special at first but I found myself mindlessly picking away at them unable to stop. I'd say the fries are better than the sausages.
We visited La Gournandise yesterday the service and food was very good,the place is clean .
I had some Hunterschnitzel with fried potatoes and blue-cabbage was very good.
My boyfriend had the Schweinebraten also with fried potatoes and red cabbage,he does not really like  red cabbage but he love that red cabbage they served there. 
I had my favored wine (spaetlese)with my dinner,that made my day. 
My boyfriend had his favored beer Erdinger Hefeweizen with his dinner. 
Like that the owner speaks German .
Oh and I had some Appelstrudel for dessert,very good . 
The prices are out of this world .I know I will be back soon! 

I was happy with my first visit there.
I will let others that enjoy german food know about la gourmandise.
Next time I will have me some german coffee and some potatopancakes,oh I can't wait.
They got outside seating,love that too .
There are items on the menu for over a $100, and its cash only.  Come on.  One star just for that.  

The beer is great, and the food is pretty good as well; but it doesn't matter, since its a new place with very expensive items and its cash only.
We finally checked out the Heidelberg last night for dinner. I'd heard great things about the bars when I lived in Ann Arbor, but that wasn't our scene with the baby in tow.

Having spent a few months in Germany last year, we found the food to be pretty decent German fare, but we were used to northern Germany, and these were Bavarian specialties. We still enjoyed our meals. 

The biggest drawbacks for us were just because of kid stuff (and there were high chairs available, so I'm assuming it was intended to be a family restaurant). First I forgot to order the baby's dinner. Oops! All my fault, I know, but I wish the waitress had asked if she would be eating something.. Secondly was the fact that since the restrooms on the main floor have been remodeled (they're bigger now!), there is no changing table in either restroom. The waitress offered to block the front door and let us change the baby in the vestibule, which was kind.

I have to add that both the bartender and the waitress were great - definitely not at all representative of typical German customer service (because there is no customer service in Germany..).
Five stars to their fries! thin, light, and crispy, full of flavor. Coleslaw was well made, too. Decor was entertaining, casual, and lively. This is totally an beer-and-meet-centric place.

It's unfortunate that the hot dog wasn't that extraordinary, it was a-ok.  Plus, it took 25 minutes for the waitstaff to serve them. 

My spicy chorizo hot dog was smothered with melted crappy processed cheese which killed the flavor of the precious sausage. I ordered side coleslaw but the amount of fries were the five times of that of coleslaw. It turned out to be ok because both were exceptionally good.

Wait stuffs were super nice though.
Shultzy's has a full bar, solid beer selection and good deals on said beer.  The menu is mostly burgers and their trademark sausages, either in hot dog or patty form.  They have an outdoor patio in the back that is great for groups and warmer weather.  And they have sweet potato fries, which I can never say no to!
I can't complain. My french toast (bread from Mirabelle) was delicious, fairly priced and a petite amount (that's all it should be).  It was a Sunday special and I would most definitely go back and dine!
just my experience:  food was good.  service was good.  beer selection was good.  Ive been a few times and this is generally the rule.  Hard to get service when its packed - but i guess that makes sense.
Just read my very short review from a year ago, my oh my have times changed!

UPDATED:

I came here on a Friday after work and tried the Bier Grand Sampling with 5 5oz samples of beer. I think I had Erdinger Dunkle, Erdinger Urweisse, Duvel, Delirium and the Krusovice. So nice I had to try it twice.

I came back Sunday afternoon and had the Bier Grand Sampling again had the Jenlain, Krusovice, Deirium, Erdinger Urweisse and the Erdinger Dunkle. I think the Dunkle is slowly but surely becoming my favorite. It was getting ate so my friend and I decided to get something to eat, I had the Krainerwurst sausage and it was to die for. I love spicy food and mustard, the absolute best. I ordered the pretzels thinking I would get sourdough pretzel bits but they were 2 full freshly made pretzels! 

Communal tables are a still a bit weird for me, you're either forced into someones creepy conversation or you have people budding into yours, like this man did to my friend and I. Other than that, Bier is definitely becoming one of my favorite places to hang in Harlem.
I like that it is smaller and more intimate than it's larger, more noisy counterpart on Frederick Douglass (the Beer Garden). Also, the ambiance feels more Bavarian because the seating is by long wooden tables, with smaller tables on the terrace.

Since I'm eat only fish or vegetarian, there was not much in terms of food selection (which is full of wurst this and wurst that), but the guacamole and chips that other diners were having seemed quite tasty.

Lots of interesting beer options - I've only tried the Erdinger, which is delicious!
Yeah, right on with Amber. I gave this place two chances, both for takeout, before writing a review. What strikes me is that this is a brew pub that has decided to open with no alcohol. As a result, half the restaurant looks barren and kind of depressing. Now, if they had phenomenal food I would see the logic in opening before securing a liquor license. That, however, is not the case.

The first time I ordered the avocado salad with chicken. The person who took the order said "ok, should be a few minutes." I work right across the street, so I waited about 15 minutes then headed over. I then had to wait another 15 minutes for my salad to come out. I honestly felt like I could have gone to the store, grabbed the ingredients, chopped them up and tossed them together faster than it took to pick up my salad here. They didn't put a cover on the container of balsamic vinegar, so it ended up getting all over the bag. The lettuce in the salad was dingy and unappetizing. I didn't feel like the it was worth it to pay extra for chicken.

But I am a fairly understanding person. They just opened, so I thought I'd give them a second chance.

The second time the pickup process was just as frustrating. It seems like there is a severe lack of communication happening there already. We asked if we could split the check 4 ways, and the waiter got snippy and said "Well, that's going to be really difficult. I don't know." Then the man who I assume is an owner came over and quickly split up the bill using their computer. The waiter, realizing he made a fool of himself, tried to play it off as a learning experience for him. Whatever dude.

The food was much better the second time (thus the extra star). I got the salmon with two orders of vegetables. Pretty good, but definitely not good enough to make me want to order from Broadway Brew again.
Who'da thunk a place serving German food and beer would hit it big in Harlem. It sure has, and for good reason: open, clean design; unpretentious food; and, of course, damn fine beer. There's a little something for those that don't like German food (like me), but it would be a shame not to try the lamb sausages and the recommended pairing, a mouth-watering amber Czech beer. The patrons can be as international as the menu, or as local as the staff. I'm already a repeat customer.
UPDATE: they finally got the outdoor tables! a godsend to a crowded place that is filled with children 5-9pm.
pretty good food, nice decoration and cheaper than expectation
This is one of my favorite places to grab a low key beer in my 'hood on a weeknight.

The set up is cool and inviting, the crowd is a great reflection of the neighborhood's diversity, chill service, the beer list is impressive and the menu is simple but has some nice offerings. 

I highly recommend grabbing a seat outside and ordering the truffle fries with your favorite brew.
I've been waiting a long time for this place too.  I've known the owners a while, and they are good guys.  First look suggests they've really got it right: genuinely international beer selection, reasonably priced cheese and charcuterie (full menu starts next week), in a modern, comfortable space.  Great addition to the neighborhood.
The waitress was nice and patient with my friends and I. One of our friends just landed at SeaTac, so we waited on him to order. But when we realized what time it was, two of my other friends ordered and paid first since they had to go. After those two left, the three of us wait for our other friend before ordering. We felt bad because the waitress always came around asking if we need anything.

I was going to order the bratwurst sandwich until I saw the sausage plate. It came with German potato salad, sauerkraut, hot peppers, 1 bratwurst, and a giant pretzel. Everything was pretty tasty, although the pretzel was over salted. I only ate half of my plate, and took the rest with me. The leftovers weren't so great. The sausage became hard and dried out.

There was a poster on the wall with specials, but the information on there was wrong. Even though it was wrong, the waitress charged us the price it said on the poster. 

Overall, 3.5 stars for this place.
We went to get the Heidelberg because a friend had suggested that we go there.  I was excited because I had gone to UofM for undergrad and had always heard of the Heidelberg and really wanted to check it out.  My buddies were talking about the "Das Boot".  We got seated and decided on the 2L "Das Boot".  The waiter was very courteous, but was a bit nervous.  The waiter had to check to see if they had five 2L Das Boot's.  He went and let us know that they only had four, so we changed the fifth order to 1L... 

We ordered food and the waiter had said that he had to charge us for  water?!?!?  He had said that the manager stated that if we wanted more water we would be charged $2 for bottled water.   

But the waiter was nice enough to bring us more water.  The waiter was really nervous because he had mentioned how he had to sell us the bottled water for $2 or he would get fired.  

We asked to speak to the manager and the manager avoided us and avoided our table.  

I think the manager is racist b/c our table was the only table in the restaurant full of Asians.  

The manager is terrible and intimidates their employees.
What a fantastic spot!
An extensive list of beers from Europe, Africa and North America paired with an even more delicious food menu. The guacamole for starters and Kebab in peanut sauce are delicious. Also be sure to try the Tusker beer from Kenya and of course the HB lager in a Maß or a Stein (it's 1L) 

Happy drinking!!

PS on Fridays and weekends be sure to get there early to get a seat!
Shultzy's is one of my all-time Seattle favorites. Their selection of beers is fantastic, every item on their menu scrumptious, and their fries are purely magnificent. On top of all that, their staff is consistently excellent - friendly, attentive, and courteous.

Give Shultzy's a try - you won't be disappointed.
Loved it! Came in because it's one of my dad's old haunts. It was getting late, just managed to get our order in before the kitchen closed. Food was good, beer was cold, service was very pleasant. As I sat waiting for our food I was looking at the pictures posted to yelp. One (thanks Sarah M.) showed a floor-plan that included a bowling alley. At the end of the meal we asked about the bowling alley, and this resulted us being taken on a tour (that also included a look at the Saengerrunde Hall - http://saengerrunde.org). Now I don't want to go all history on you, but this location has some serious history, not only including the aforementioned bowling alley and music hall, but also with an author by the (pen) name of O. Henry. 

So while the drinking and dining experience would definitely be a solid 4-stars in my book, and would be totally fan-worthy in my opinion, the personal tour at the end of our meal made this a truly 5-star experience.
I recently celebrated my wedding reception at Scholzs Garten and could not have imagined a better experience. It was truly a wonderful evening and that has everything to do with the event coordinator, Haley. She was unbelievable and was fully equipped to handle any questions I had. She even thought of things I did not have the foresight to see. This woman is amazing, I even had a mild breakdown the day of and she was able to calm me down like no other. She is a pro and her crew was pleasant and professional. My family and friends were as impressed as I was and continue to give me positive feedback on everything from the atmosphere to the "best barbeque".  When you only have one evening to make it as magical as you've dreamed. You want THE best of the best around to insure that everything goes as planned. I had one better with Hayley and Scholz Garten, I had everything go better than I could have dreamed possible. I enjoyed a truly amazing experience.  My sincere thank you to Hayley and crew at Scholz Garten.
For the bar downstairs - This used to be a place I frequented when I was younger and had a great time mostly.  Now however, everything has changed here except for the decor.  The whole place seems to have a layer of grime and is not well kept, or kept at all for that matter.  The staff appears submissive and/or depressed, probably due to the dictator woman they have running the place.  She claims to be the owner..... I've never seen an owner that is as rude, condescending, and greedy as this one.  The last time I went, I ordered a beer that I've ordered many times before on tap.  They brought me a bottle.  I wanted it on draft so I took it to the counter.  I then asked if I could exchange if for the tap beer.  She said that they have never had that beer on tap and that I would have to pay for the bottle because they already opened it.  She was so insistant that she never had the beer on tap I figured it wasn't worth arguing.  On top of her sh**ty attitude, she tried to charge me $2 for water and wanted a $20 deposit for the big boot beer glass.  I paid for the bottled beer and left it on the counter.  I'll never go back in that basement again.

For the restaurant on the ground level - Most of the food is very good here but I recently heard that the long time chef might be leaving.  I wonder if it might be due to the owner.  I can't give a review either way on the restaurant; I'll never go again because of my downstairs experience with the owner lady.

For the charity poker room upstairs - This is the only reason I would even step foot in this building again.  I would hate to support a business whose owner is like this one, however  I play alot of cards and it is close to my home.  If there was another poker room just as close with the same company, I would definetly play there.  John, the upstairs bartender is helpful and attentive and gets the only positive part of this review.
4 stars for being a HUGE piece of Austin history that also serves ice cold brew that's cheap by the pitcher.

No stars for the food, which isn't bad, but I'd say the place is more about chillin' and taking in Austin roots than anything else...aka, go for the history if nothing else
The brat with beef instead of pork was ok, but as I am unfamiliar with German food I can't really compare it to anything else. The restaurant seems clean and maybe it was a language barrier but the woman behind the counter seemed bewildered that I would ask if there were any bratz or schnitzels with no pork (I try not to eat pork if I can avoid it), until the guy who was in the kitchen came out and explained that the only meat dish with no pork was the German-style hamburger. Kind of a bummer but I guess that's how it goes.

Two negatives about this place: 1) they cook your food to order (a good thing so you know it's fresh) but depending on what you order it takes a while even when they are not busy, much longer than your typical grab-and-go restaurant in the U-district; and 2) while I would assign this restaurant a $ for being less than $10, a schnitzel and fries to go will cost you just under that, pretty expensive for what I consider a glorified hot dog.
Northern European soul food at it's simple best.  Just honest volksfood at a good price.  You don't have to be German to love this stuff, but it sure hits the spot for those of us who are.
Love the inside of this place as it makes a good retreat from the outside world.  It has a quaint, saloon feel to it.  
They had several specials that day and I went with the pork chop with two sides for $6.50.  The pork chop was big, juicy, and tasty.  The german potato salad and cajun rice were the perfect complement to it and just enough food.  Our server was warm and attentive.  I will be back to try one of their meat plates.
The food was decent,  the service was rude. I would of gotten better service and cheaper  at BK or MC D's,
We had a wonderful lunch here today.  I had a brat with curry sauce.  It was fabulous.  The schnitzel was done perfectly.  Good German beer washed it down.  This place is small and great for the students who live in this area.  That is, the price is right.  For a very good hearty lunch, this place is hard to beat.  I hope to come back.  It was some of the best German food I have had.
This place makes me laugh, because there was a whole lotta puking and bathroom visiting while on my 3rd visit.

But I laugh because it was a charming young buncha frat gentlemen. I don't know if it was too much of the sauce, or too much of the Shultzy's, but it definitely got the best of them.

And bless their hearts, they actually tried to clean up the muck, so that you could actually put your hands a little bit into the sink before you touched any of their leavings. Sweehearts!

They do sausages nice. They do fries nice. You'll spend $20 and feel like wikipedia-ing "food borne illness" just to make sure about... something.

And then you'll feel inclined to look up whether the Seattle health department's ever shut them down. Brats a-go-go!? Meh, just give me a beer.
Having good food is only half the battle. This place has pretty terrible service as far as pick up orders go. First of all they ask me when I want to pick it up, which would make sense if the food was already prepared but its not. They should tell me when the food will be ready because ideally i want it immediately, and that is something they just cant provide. So even if you say i want to ppick it up in 20 minutes it most certainly will not be ready, they should know how long it takes to cook their food. This brings me to my second issue with this place. I say i want my food in 20 minutes, and they say it will be ready. In the 2 dozen or so times i have been there not once was my food ready when they said it would be. Because of this I started arriving 5 minutes after they said it would be ready, and still i have to wait 10 to 15 minutes. I DONT WANT TO JUST WAIT AROUND! if they simply told me when the food would be ready this would prevent all this pointless waiting. They realize it is upsetting and have even compensated me for my wait time with roasted almonds, but a man can only eat so many almonds. If this place served anything but the best german food in town they would certainly be out of business by now, but they do serve the best. I just want to scream at them to get their act together, then I woud have no problems at all with this place.
Loved this place, way better then anything you can get in Leavonworth. Good value as well. I ordered the hunter schnitzel that was very close to something found in Germany, only sampled the currywurst and now can't wait to go back and order it for myself. Loved the inside of the place, looked very authentic.
Great if you crave delicious schnitzel and perogies in a quaint setting - a house in Kitchener converted to a restaurant many years ago.  No fuss just tasty food and big enough portions at decent prices.  If you're a yuppie and value pampering and decor then go elsewhere.  Just cash or debit - awesome fair for real people.  My 18 year old daughter and 81 year old Mom (on her birthday) both gave it a thumbs up!
Go here for the beer selection. The food is pretty tasty as well. It's very noisy and the service is average. For some reason, lots of kids/babies at this place which I don't particularly care for but nonetheless, I like this place.
If you like bier and have a flair for things international, trust me, you are going to dig this bar.

Since moving to New York, I seem to have developed this weird predisposition for bench seating. Perhaps its me clamoring for intimacy in this atomized city-- I like sitting on the subway too-- something about rubbing elbows with random people gives me a thrill. Bier International certainly does not disappoint in this regard and the elbows you rub up against seem to be pretty chill -- an obvi plus. 

Now I am no aficionado, but I enjoyed each of the Belgian beers I tried and was oh so very tempted by their appetizer menu (next time I'll make sure to work up an appetite beforehand). 

This is a great and desperately needed addition to the Harlem scene.

When to visit: to meet friends, to hang out, to relax, and to discuss unimportant matters. 

CASH only.
Shultzy's is a great place to meet up with some friends and wrap both your hands around a big 500mL glass of Hoegaarden. Or have some cocktails. Or food. Shultzy's does many things well.

I never knew Shultzy's when it was "more German" and less mainstream, but I like it fine as it is now. The two cocktails I've had, the margarita and the John Daly, were both excellent. The margarita, nice 'n stiff, was served in a highball glass with the usual garnishes of lime and salt. The John Daly also came in a highball glass, deliciously stiff, a nice blend of sweet tea, sweet tea vodka, and lemonade. Thankfully, the lemonade played second fiddle to the stronger tea and vodka. I also split a large order of shoestring fries with someone. The fries were nice and crispy. I usually like thicker fries, but I liked these just fine. 

I was remiss in not trying a pretzel, which I should do next time, or maybe one of the chicken sandwiches.
I know it sounds ridiculous, but if there's one thing this neighborhood needed, it was a beer garden.  The only mellow place to relax and eat for years has been Society.  While I don't want to knock Society, it's a little over priced, every time I go there they forget something, it takes an hour to get my food, but let's be frank if it left there would be a hole. 
However Bier, is cool, great staff, AMAZING french fries with parmesan and truffle oil for I think $4- What!  YEs.  The burgers are good and filling with a really good I think like chipolte kind of sauce, it's little peach colored and tangy/spicy it's goood.  I do prefer the fish tacos though- they leave room for the fries- and beer.
Awesome gem in Harlem. They have am assortment of beers. Tried the sampler and the waitress was able to capture of likes. Truffle fries are awesome and catfish tacos were great. The place had a great vibe and easy to come in and sit right away.
Awesome addition to Harlem.  Great crowd on a Sunday afternoon.  Food & beer are fantastic.  Service is wonderful.  Absolutely no complaints.
I'm not as big a fan as I hope, but, it's a good place. Worth visiting.

My family had a rehearsal dinner at Scholz's back room in December of 2007, and it was actually a huge hit. It went without a hitch, they were very accommodating, and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves. The beer is good, as most Austin bars have shown to be the case, but the inside of the establishment is what I really want to comment on. The vibe is one of rich cultural history (albeit it strong, German history), it feels great to be in there. Men's groups still meet there to talk shop, and young groups of people meet there simultaneously to discuss problems of their day, a most interesting juxtaposition. There's German paraphernalia all over the place (which has a special place in my heart), and they've got a few good German brews, as well as the staples of a Texas bar.

If you've got some family in town and there's nice weather, take them to Scholz Bier Garten. Their Beer Garden is fantastic, can hold lots of people and everyone I've ever encountered there has been more than happy to make some space for me. It's not a dump but it's also not an assuming place, no false sense of importance (although it is very, very important to a lot, i mean A LOT of people).
Bier International has a lot of the makings that could make it an absolute amazing place to go, but is currently lacking a lot of the professional execution elements.

I am writing this slightly sour review, not to put down a place that's packed with potential, but in hopes that someone there will see this and hopefully make the changes needed in order to make this place into what could be.

Yes, it's currently packed night after night with people not only from the neighborhood, but all over NYC.  And why wouldn't it be?!  After being rated as a great up and coming restaurant in Timeout Magazine  this place has been packed with people looking to enjoy it's amazing beer selection and surprisingly yummy food!  I've loved the beer and food every time, so much so that it's really the only thing driving me back each time.

But every time I go, the stories all the same...  Wonderful beer and food, coupled with an overpacked house that's completely understaffed and therefore the service is beyond poor.  Tonight I went once again hoping for a different experience, but once again I ended up spending a good portion of the night waiting for service.  In the end I had to make my way to the bar to find anyone to help, and we ended up leaving much earlier then expected because we just couldn't wait any longer!

Look, I'm the last person that wants to put down a place...  After spending countless years in the food service industry, restaurant management, and putting up with the obligatory undeserved rude customer, I hate putting down a place, especially their service.  But my conclusion is this...  Yes, chances are likely I will come back to your cute outside dining area again Bier International - to enjoy your yummy foods and tasty beers.  But in the end this continuous problem with service and management is only costing you money.  Countless other people around me tonight were having the exact same problems, and numerous others left early because of frustrations with service.  The restaurant is loosing money when people walk out, or leave early due to poor service.  

This place is clearly doing well with the amount of people I see in it each night and the food/beverages are quite well done...  I was hoping that since it's influx in patrons, changes would have since been made to it's management, but I'm sad to this won't be my regular spot due to nearly non-existent service.

PS. The "Boots" were fun. :)
The Heidelberg serves good beer in the basement bar and the German food is widely believed to be authentic. 

Although dinners are on the expensive side, for a downtown restaurant not-owned-by-Main-Street-Ventures, there's a lunch menu with special mostly ranging between $5 and $8. These include sandwiches, a hamburger, salads and soup.

The first Tuesday of every month, the Heidelberg is home to the Ann Arbor Poetry Slam. The event starts at 7:30 and costs $5 for non-members. You can bring your own poetry to read during the open mike part of the show.
Bring Cash!! And if you are like me...and not a HUGE beer fan...order the bierlini...it's totally yummy!! Can't wait to go back and try the truffle fries and some other food. EVERYTHING that came out of their kitchen just smelled so perfect! 

A little loud for conversation...but the service made up for it. Super chill spot in Harlem...check it out!!
The potato pancakes were good, and extremely fried. I mean, they were thin, crunchy, and dripping with grease. It was great. I got two things of apple sauce, because the waitress thought I would want some--I didn't ask, she just decided to be extra nice. The staff is extremely friendly; it's all an in-house family operation. Even their website was designed by the owner's son.

I had the Banana crunch, described on their website as:
Two Fried Bananas topped with a crunchy Peanut butter, Vanilla cream, & brandy sauce.
but described more accurately as an orgasm for your mouth. Eat it. Eat it.
I've been to Germany on a few different occasions and am hooked on schnitzel and spaetzle.  We tried it this afternoon.

I had the hunter (yaeger) schnitzel with spaetzle and potato salad (substituted for red cabbage).  The schnitzel was good, the spaetzle was good, and the potato salad was definitely German.  My only complaint: the hunter sauce was a little thin and there was too much of it, with the whole place swimming in it - great for the spaetzle, but not for the potato salad, and only somewhat so for the schnitzel.

My wife and daughter had the wienerschnitzel, which was very good, with spaetzle and red cabbage.  (I'd definitely recommend this one.)

My son tried the currywurst, sausage with a somewhat-spicy curry sauce (basically a spicy ketchup).  If you've ever had one of these in Berlin, this was dead on.  It was interesting that they sliced up the sausage though (good for my son, but doesn't match the Berlin experience).  This was served with fries, thin, crispy, and seasoned nicely, but there was quite a bit of curry sauce that got on those too - the sauce is fine, but I don't really like it on fries.  It would be nice to separate the two and let me choose to put some on the fries (they have a bottle of the curry sauce on the table).

They also have sandwiches (the wienerschnitzel sandwich would be great), soft pretzels, roasted almonds (given to us as we were leaving as a thank you gift), elephant ears, etc.  They have some daily specials as well; today they had roulladen, but were already sold out at 2:30pm when we got there.

Their indoor seating now has space for probably 20-30 people.  All entrees are less than $10.  Portion sizes are good (not huge).  This is a very casual place, with a large-screen TV (watching the UW game while we were there) and some rather large wooden furniture.

If this were as good as the German gasthaus meals, I'd give it five stars.  It's not quite that good, but still the best I've found in the Seattle area.
This place is good for large groups. The tables are large and there is plenty of seating.

Jenga and yahtzee is available. There are large buckets of peanuts all over.

Sometimes the waitresses dance on the bar and give out free shots (very weak).

The beer selection could be better for a beer garden.
As we all know, there are restaurants, BBQ joints, guitar players, etc. that are "in" to the extent that it's socially incorrect to criticize them.  Try saying something negative about Stubb's or Stevie Ray Vaughan, you'll see what I mean.  Scholtz is one of those places.  It's a "famous Austin institution," blahblahblah, for reasons you've probably heard 1,000 times. That's why it's still there, NOT because the food is yummy or any such thing.

If Scholtz's were just opening today, they wouldn't stay in business a month.  It's very crowded and noisy, with clunky wood floors and the staff LOUDLY clattering dishes nearby. When I had to leave, the guy at the next table had to get up out of his chair to make room for me to get out of my chair. 

And there is NO complimentary chips and salsa, an unforgivable sin in this town.  You want chip and salsa, it's (gasp...) FIVE DOLLARS. 

I got the sliced beef sandwich, which is pretty standard BBQ fare.  It was pathetic. I got 4 little 1" X 3" slices of brisket between two pieces of thin-sliced white bread, and a TINY little dollop of absolutely tasteless BBQ sauce - I'm talking maybe half a teaspoon.  And a handful of potato chips. That's it. $6.50.  Of course, after a couple of minutes the thin-sliced white bread compressed to the thickness of a sheet of paper.

Oh, and I got iced tea.  $2.00.  Hello.  

Yeah, go for the atmosphere, the "famous Austin institution," blahblahblah.   Whatever toots your tooter.
This is a fun place to go if you want some decent food with your beer while listening to music or watching sports. It's dingy, dark and very old Austin. All of their appetizers are pretty good (for bar food) and their queso is delicious. It's also a good place to have a party. They cater a nice appetizer buffet with quesadillas, queso, sausage, salsa, nachos, chicken strips, etc. The food is okay ... nothing award winning and that's fine with me. I know it's not trying to be a 5 star restaurant. 

I give them 2 stars because my meal was edible, but I left wanting to punch someone in their face. The service is flat out despicable. Today we went with a large group of people from work. You would think they would try to be nice to the people who come in from state office buildings because they get a lot of business from them, but we were given a lot of grief over moving tables together to accommodate our group. The girl who was "helping" us had a bad attitude. She made a big fuss and showed no sign of friendliness or desire to solve our seating problem. She made no attempt to see that we were happy with our food. No one checked on us to see if we needed anything--and we were afraid to ask for fear that we would get our heads bitten off. 

The waitress asked me on two separate occasions if I wanted something to drink and both times I asked for water. She never got it, and eventually after I had waited for 15 minutes without a drink, she asked another waitress to get it and it was practically slung in front of me without a word. Another person from our party asked for a drink and she rolled her eyes as she was going to get it. We were not being rude or overly demanding, but she made it obvious that we were severely inconveniencing her by being there.

If you want a really good meal and pleasant dining experience, go elsewhere, because it's highly likely you will leave here in a very bad mood.
What an awesome find! Bratz is the real thing. I grew up in Germany and know a good Currywurst when I eat one and the Wiener Schnitzel totally takes me home. Everything, event the Almonds, is high quality and made according to the German recipes. Good chance you will run into me when you go check it out, because I am going to be a regular.

Five stars. Highly recommended!
Food is good, service was awful tonight. 20 minutes wait for drinks and water. Messed up the order.  Only the second time in my life that I have tipped so low. I won't be anxious to return.
Is there such a thing as too much beer?  In my younger days, I would say only if it was lukewarm in plastic cups on a ping pong table.  Now that I'm an old lass of twenty-five, I've learned that a large (1L) boot of beer may in fact be too much beer.  That doesn't mean the beer was bad (it wasn't -- Bells is always a good choice) nor is it any reflection on the service, which was great.  But when you're in a chugging contest with 5 of your male housemates, you may find yourself cursing that giant glass boot and whatever is left in it.  Just sayin'.
Good food and beer! Not really much else to say.
Heidelberg can be very good, in a very limited way.

When should you go? Friday happy hour (5-7). All-you-can-eat wings and chips with two drinks! And for the drinks, you can get the Hofbrau bottles for $2.50 (used to be $2), which is a pretty good deal for one of the most famous German breweries.

Otherwise, stay away. The "German" plates are poor imitations of the real thing, and not particularly cheap. The crowd tend to be somewhat weird and sketchy. The music frankly sucks. Don't bother, unless it's Friday happy hour.
When I was still in college I always stopped by Shultzy for a cold one and a brat, since then they've remodeled (and are still remodeling) but  luckily the food still is great.

The place is clean and roomy, and it has a pub-ish atmosphere.  Their beers are pretty good and their sparkling lemonade is freakin' awesome.

Now to the good stuff.  Sure their specialty are sausages but I really come here for their fries.  As the Seattle's French Fry Fan I give Shultzy's a French Fry Seal of Approval.  They seriously have one of the best textured, seasoned, shaped, fries I've had.  The fries are REAL shoestring, I only say that because it's seriously thin (not think and mushy), and they have the crunchy yet soft on-the-inside texture.  Imagine fries that kinda have the same texture as the fried onions you get at Red Robin (you know the Whiskey River BBQ Burger).  Yeah... thats right... yum.  They also are seasoned to perfection, not salty, just right.  I love em, and you will too.

The only thing that I complain about is their prices.  I mean c'mon 8-9 bucks for half a brat?  Crazy... well it's what I need to do to get my fix of one of the best fries in town.
I still really enjoy this place I do but other than physically being in Harlem I don't think they have much attachment to the community.  As a medical student at a local Harlem school I approached them a few times to hold a fundraiser or happy hour to support some of our local outreach programs.  I pretty much got the runaround, till there was finally a "No".  I still love the place and food, but I am a little disappointed.
This restaurant was quite a bit better than I expected it would be. Fortunately the coffee was nice and strong (but still smooth and delicious). Since I went for breakfast, this was almost a prerequisite for interest in the rest of the meal. Their omelets and sandwiches were pretty good but the star was really the side of potatoes. Since this place has a bit more choices that fit my tastes than Pekara, I'm sure I'll be back to try the food here again soon.
The food was about a four, and the service was about a one.

My friends and I went here for our innaugural week of Burger Quest, wherein we pick one restaurant a week in an attempt to eat the city's finest burgers. So we all ordered the burger. They only have one on the menu, but you can choose from many cheeses, which is nice. The waiter was pleasant and chatty, but he neglected us after taking our initial order. We had to ask several times for napkins, and one of my friends never got the water she asked for, despite bringing it up to the waiter four or five times. Also, they were out of the beer that was recommended to pair with the burger, so our waiter suggested a different, lighter beer that was terrible with the meal.

The burgers themselves were pretty good, but of the five orders, three of them were messed up. That's not so good. I would have probably given the entire thing two stars, but after complaining to the manager, he gave us a 20% discount on our bill, which was very generous and we appreciated it. That integrity move boosts it up a star.
I have never had a beer at Shultzys,  and perhaps that would add an extra  star. 
Schutlzy is a lunch place for me. It's a block and a half from the office and its beckons me in regulary. The allure of a good german sausage, an iced tea and the best crispy crispy fries.  
I've  never strayed far form the standard sausages, because getting a good sausage with kraut onions and mustard delights me so.

The service could improve, and I'm looking forward to additional seating when they expand.
Great place to hang out with your friends before a Texas game and have a pint of Shiner Bock or Spaten Optimator.
Good food, great curry fries, nice staff.
If you enjoy authentic golumpkies, perogies, and kielbasa, you have to try Muza's "Polish Feast"!  I've tried other places that serve Polish in the area, and only Muza has a chef that can make something comparable to Mom's recipe. Nice job!
Friendly hostess who also brought our food. I think the food was okay for the price we paid but the coffee was excellent nice and strong unlike American coffee! Probably will give it another try soon.
Success does not always breed success. Make the bad man go away,  I want the old Shultzy's in the little hole in the wall to come back.

The old Shultzy's had a great limited menu and ALL the items were great. The sausages were large, tasty and expertly cooked. The toppings were excellent and the choice in mustards were commendable. As has been oft said, the crew working there were the icing on the cake. We would drive well out of our way (read up north) to enjoy the old dive.

The new -and now twice improved Shultzy's offers no grill entertainment  or interaction with the cooks and the product is ...well just OK. The sausage is smaller and now it's served a top of bed of boring fries with a marked increase in price. None of the tables had mustard on them nor was there the condiment corner table to abuse and this is a wurst palace! I had to ask -twice- for some mustard choices and that wasn't the worst of it.

It's great to hear from employees that the owner still cares and is involved, that's worth a lot in my estimation. I just wish it translated to less improvements in the food and ambiance. They seem to have forgotten their roots and have become a clone of the Feierbend model with similar prices.
It is great to see restaurants coming into scenic downtown Urbana and also nice to have German food without the long drive to Gibson City.  Das Cafe is good for brunch, lunch, and dinner so that also makes it stand out.  The scrambled eggs and salmon are particularly tasty, bratwurst and a soft mini pretzel are the sort of thing I should not eat for lunch but I so want to, and the selection at dinner is great.  Ordering at the counter should not put anyone off-the waitstaff have always been attentive.  The red cabbage is my personal favorite and it goes well with the multiple forms of pork available (wurst, braten, schnitzel).  There is a small but excellent selection of beer.  If I could change one thing, it would be the tables and chairs but the place is bright and clean and the variety of good food is great.  The hollandaise sauce tastes more like chicken gravy than lemon but I half wonder if someone didn't just make a mistake that day since everything has has been so good (asparagus on a sandwich? you are my new best friend).  Coffee and pastries are also good.
I only found this place at my last year at RPI and sadly I still remember the great food they made here.  It definitely has a warm and homey feel to it and the service was great when they're not busy.  

I never had polish food before but it was definitely a treat.  My actual first time having this food was a take-out of the Polish Feast and man that had the best of everything with the pierogies, stuffed cabbage and kielbasa.  I ended up coming here a couple more times trying there other dishes that were just as filling and delicious as the Feast.  They also offered specials from time to time.

My only complaint is how busy this place gets especially on a Friday or Saturday night with large groups waiting.  At most I've seen only two waitresses and one chef which is no easy feat when they're dealing with a full house.  Still recommended even for a take-out.  

Oh and one of the best things they do is when you order a glass of water, they give you ice cubes shaped like olives!  Definitely missed those....
Blahbaty blah blah!    

I wanted to like this place,  I really did.   I root for any new place that opens in Troy.     After planning to go to Jose Malone's and finding no parking because of the Brown's lot charging for it (the parade?) I decided to boycott the whole area.     After driving back around, I remembered that this had just opened, so here we go.  

It looks like they haven't actually opened yet.    Empty shelves and a barren bar ( no license yet?) 


This place hasn't found it's niche.  

The menu is all over the board.     Mexican, Spanish, American, Irish. Etc    
(Sadly, they fall short , in the ones we tried at least)
They had 50's music playing, flat screen TV's showing sports and horse racing while the place is adorned with wine paintings.  
Say Wha?
They served us tortilla chips after we sat down.   

Why chips? I'm not sure but they were stale  New restaurant and stale chips?  Doesn't make any sense to me either.  

We ordered a few appetizers instead of meals to try stuff across the board.  

Guacamole- (okay, pretty whitepeopletized but the best thing that was on the table. Served with the stale chips didn't help)

Calamari- Mushy, bland and bleck.

Fish Tacos-See above

Irish quesadilla-  Didn't try this but I was told it was okay, the corn beef was apparently too salty.

Salsa-This came with a dish but it was also TOO salty while the chips had NO salt.  Go figure.

I'm not sure what it is about this location that says "Try too hard!"   Judges Inn had the same issue.    Reductions?  Really?  Get over yourself.  You're a bar in Troy.  Do a few simple things and do them right.

It wasn't the worst meal I've ever had and the service was quick and friendly so they get a 2.  


Unless this place straightens up and flies right, I wont be back.   (depending on the beer they serve  ;] )
Go for the truffle fries and the Dilirium draft. The crowd is a fun mix, so it gets rowdy. Fun place to day drink or grab a few beers and apps after work. Ambiance is real minamalist cool and there's outdoor seating when it's warm out! 

I went twice in one week. Embarassing? Yes. Neccessary? Aboslutely.

Cash only.
Bratz is the hidden gem of the u district. Nestled under cedars, this restaurant is too often overlooked.

This was my first encounter with German food, and I am far from disappointed! It's what I imagine down home German cookin' to be. Even the staff exude hospitality. I felt as though I had stepped into their home kitchen. The food took a little long to come out of the kitchen, but We could tell it had come fresh out of the oven!

My tip: Bratz pairs perfectly with a rainy Seattle day and a good German beer!
We stopped into Shultzy's again a few nights back.  This is not unusual.  As mentioned in my earlier review, it is a favorite "guilty pleasure" -- a place where we can get good (if not especially good-for you) food served fast, in a comfortable setting, and with always friendly and accommodating staff. 

This time, though, they really outdid themselves.  There was a minor problem with my husband's order.  When this was pointed out, not only did the staff immediately address the issue and remake his sandwich, they comped the sandwich AND his drink.  This was completely unexpected and unnecessary, but very much appreciated.

This totally earns them an extra star!  And, this is why we continue be regular and happy Shultzy's customers.
It seems Scholtz has everything going for it, central location near hundreds of offices and the Erwin Center, fascinating history, large beer garden, good beer selection so why does it still kinda suck?  Two reasons in my mind.  The food is mediocre at best.  It is sort of a greasy version of an Americans idea of what German food might taste like.  I'm not an expert, but I do spend several weeks a year in Germany.  The second thing is the service.  It is beyond horrible.  They never have enough people and the ones they do have just could;'t  be bothered to actually get you anything.  I went to a German language meet-up there and we couldn't get any decent service or even save a few chairs (we had 20 people).  Think about it, 20 thirsty German speakers treated rudely in a place with 'garten' in their name?  How did this place survive this long?
Good german food and beer.  Not quite the environment or quality of Die Bierstube but, very good none-the-less and it isn't a bar so under-21 yearolds are welcome.  They do have a full bar though and they make a mean Dark and Stormy.
I liked my food (brat sandwich).  The fries and the german potato salad were both really good.  They have pretty decent drink specials, but the atmosphere is somehow lacking.... unless you're real into college kids.
Shultzy's is always a fun place to go with a large group of friends. The happy hour is great, especially the sweet potato fries. 

The food is reasonably priced, it is always filling. I recommend the Sark burger if you like pineapples and the sweet and salty flavors. You can never go wrong with any of the sausages. The fries are the thin and crispy kind. I always seem to keep eating them even after I am full.
Went to their dinner buffet one night. The variety of food offered was actually quite good, although the salad bar could've been better. 
I tried almost everything and the Schnitzel was my absolute favorite. I probably had 3+ pieces. The red soup (I'm not sure what it's called) is also recommended, since it was a bit sour and totally worked up my appetite. Same with the sauerkraut.  I had apple strudel for dessert. Mmm...very enjoyable food and atmosphere. Loved it.
Yuuuummmy!!!!! :D 

I love hot dogs, I love bread thats crunchy but not so crunchy that it cuts your mouth into a thousand pieces. You know what I'm talking about, chewy rolls that are soft but you have to RIP into! :D 

Bratz are like hot dogs ... but a much more elevated version that tastes infinitely better. 

Its kind of a tucked away little place, but the people are friendly and the place is super clean [ when you peek in through the window ]. As for me? I just got the Red brat. Yuuuuuuuummilicious!!! Its got a kick to it, a great amount of seasoning, and you know how when you bite into the dogs it has that little po-P! from biting through the skin? ( heart ) thats you how can tell its a great dog - ... or brat in this case! 

Yuuuuuuuummmy!!! This is delicious and though its a little pricier than Costco hot dogs I have to say but its worth it! 

Oh! And I also got their roasted almonds ... and THAT is some kinda happy almond! Its cinnamon, tossed in melted (brown?) sugar and crunchy! Yum yum~ ! :D They also have elephant ears and I really want to try that and the potato salad. I'm sure I'll be kicking myself later on for spending $12 on fast food (seriously, izzy?) but it'll be so yummy I won't mind. 

P.s. on Fridays and Saturdays they are open until 10 p.m. so if you want to grab a small snack ... :D 

Also! They are giving out free souvies right now :D Spiffy ~ !
German food?  In Urbana?  It seems odd to me, but here it is!

And it's good.  Really good.  It's the best German food I have had outside of Germany.  It's pretty authentic, with crispy schnitzel, delicious potatoes, and a refrigerator full of German beers and fancy sodas to wash it down.

The breakfast offerings are also quite good.  The eggs benedict is awesome, my favorite in town.  The coffee is good and comes in big mugs.  The potatoes and sauerkraut are also crispy and tart, respectively.  Everything is hearty and just good.

I have never been disappointed with a meal here.  Decor isn't too complicated, but that's fine.  I like the German samplers a lot.  Usually service is pretty quick. 

The only thing keeping it from a 5 stars is that sometimes I find myself craving just a little more food when it's all gone, for the price.  That said, the prices aren't bad and are certainly in line with what you'd expect on Main Street in Urbana.

Highly recommended if you like German food at all, or the more French inspired breakfast dishes.  It's also not too crowded at breakfast time, especially compared to Courier.
Great food!  Great coffee!
We found Muza while looking for different ethnic foods to eat in the capital region. I read the reviews and had very high hopes, but was a little taken aback by the actual restaurant. I guess it really is in a house - so it's somewhat of an awkward strange layout/vibe. The food though TOTALLY lived up to the reviews.  We had several excellent items from the menu including the perogis, Muza special (two potato pancakes with goulash in between), and the Shnitzle. I think the Muza special was my favorite. One of the sides, steamed cabbage, was absolutely amazing as well. If you are looking for a homey Polish style meal, heavy on potatoes and cabbage and sure to fill you up and keep you happy for a long time after, then Muza is definitely the place to go!
Yum...yum....yum...
3 for the food, 4 for the ambience, 4 for the beer and 4.5 for the fries. Yep, their delicious fries deserve more points than the beer and the beer is worthy of praise (as long as you like German beer). 
The hamburger could have been better- I like mine medium but it turned out to be well-done, which is a no-no. But, all is not lost, I mean, if you're there not to have a big meal, you're in good hands and if you're like me and love sauces, ask for their chipotle hot sauce and mustard sauce-- it makes eating fries all the more fun.  
For newbies, check out their beer sampling.
The Philly cheesesteaks and coleslaw are awesome. Must try if your in town.
After living in Germany for a couple of years, I came back to find the Heidelberg.  I was pleasantly surprised when I took the first bite... not bad at all.  It's pretty hard to make everything just exactly the same, because of ingredients, but the general idea is pretty much there.  Good food, not too expensive, and it's on THIS side of the transatlantic flight.  not bad. 

I can't speak for the rude barkeep downstairs, but I used to enjoy heading down  there.  Great beer, too!
This place is amazing! They really only do one thing and that's make really, really tasty traditional German brats. Hopefully when you go you will run into the owner who speaks in a thick German accent and will tell you about where he's from and chat with you for a long time. If you speak a little German (which my wife does) he'll treat you even better.

The brats come with a little round traditional German roll which has the brat sticking out either end a considerable amount, but the rolls are amazing and freshly made. The brats are delicious and you get your choice of white or red brat. I slightly prefer the white, but both are much better than the standard "brat" you get elsewhere in Seattle. They have packets of regular mustard, but they also have spicy mustard which is much better in squeeze bottles. If you're taking it out make sure to put some on before you leave, rather than be stuck with crappy yellow mustard.

They also have candied nuts (I think pecans) which the owner gave us for free one time we went that made a really great slightly-salty, but mostly sweet desert.

I haven't been back since they opened the little seating area, but that should fix the one problem this place had which was that it had no place to sit. You could really only carry it out or stand around.

Oh, one more thing, this place is cheap! Like two people can eat for $10 cheap. It's really hard to complain about good, simple traditional German food at that price. Go here, eat the brats, be happy!
Throughout my college career, I never bothered to take a look at this place.  Sadly, I went there my first time after graduating from UW.  Oh well, I guess better now than never right?

This is a great place to hang out with friends and just to get your drink on.  The service is great and they give great recommendations on drinks.  My waitress suggested the Jon Walter (?), which was an Arnold Palmer with a twist.  Quite delicious and if you go there, I suggest you try one of those.  We also munched on some chilli cheese fries which were fabulous.  This place really knows how to make some bomb fries.  I could eat them all day :)
I thought I was standing beneath the Eberswalderstrasse elevated U-Bahn tracks in East Berlin eating at Konnopkes. 

Spicy curry-ketchup on pommes is beyond. "It's beyond!"
I had lunch with a friend today who suggested we go to Bratz.  I had never been, but was keen to give it a go.  I am very glad we went.

I went with just the basic (white) brat and fries.  I have never been to Germany, so cannot speak for its authenticity.  But, I do know it was good.  Very flavorful.  It was served on a standard size (round) sandwich bun instead of a hoagie roll, but that was just fine.  The roll was was very tasty and the extra carbs were not missed.  The fries were fine -- not the greatest I've had, but certainly not the wurst.  (Get it?  The "wurst"?  At a German place?  I'm sorry.)   I did like, though, getting to top them off with the curry-flavored ketchup that graced our table.

It is an order at the counter and then have a seat kind of place.  The service was very friendly and our meals were served up quickly.   Unfortunately, that may have in part due to the fact that place was nearly empty.  It was a bit past prime lunch time, but not too much past (about 1:15 PM).  I hope that is not par for the course.  I want people to go here so it will still be there the next time I want to go.

And, there'll definitely be a next time.  I want to check out the schnitzel with the curry sauce.  Or maybe the schnitzel with the mushroom sauce.  Guess I'll have to go back more than once...
Historic -  good service - good food. We had the pork schnitzel with salad and a couple of nice beers!  Fun place to hang around outside - as long as it's not too hot.
This place was OK. I have a bunch of friends who are beer fanatics, and given my limited beer knowledge, I would say that the beer selection is only ok.  First off, the seating is straight up uncomfortable-- wooden benches with no padding wouldn't seem like a big deal, but it was distractingly unpleasant. 

The food was so so-- I had a burger. Ordering was a painstaking process since the waitress was either hard of hearing or could not understand me.  As far as beer gardens go, I much prefer Harlem Beer Tavern and Bohemian Beer Hall for atmosphere and service!
The Metro is one of those places I always wondered about. It looks like a dive, and you can't see inside because of the curtained windows, but their sign, which boasts "Best Schnitzel in Town!" seemed to exude such self-confidence that I had to see what it was really like. So my bf and I decided to give it a try for supper one night. 

We were pleasantly surprised with the interior decor. I expected vinyl booths, cheesy wood panelling - but I found it quite charming inside, with brickwork, hardwood (looked original) flooring, and a lot more room than you'd think from outside. 

We had a pleasant young man as our server, and he did his best for us. We ordered the schnitzel platter for two, and were rather flabbergasted by the massive amount of food we received. Four kinds of schnitzel, plus a couple of add-on dishes. Let's just say we had schnitzel for the next 2 days for lunch at home. I don't have much schnitzel experience to compare to, but I didn't LOVE them. They were just "good". 

There were a couple of strange things we noticed. Somehow our order was taken and our food served while a group ahead of us still hadn't even ordered. The servers- while pleasant - seemed rather overworked and harried, and it wasn't terribly busy. 

Overall, I would say you get value for your money when it comes to the food. It's definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for schnitzel, and a lot of it.
This place is awesome.  You definitely get a home-y type feeling as soon as you walk in.  My overall experience was wonderful.  Me, my husband, and son got 3 different dishes and all 3 were amazing!  Our server (although a bit slow, she was the only one) was extremely helpful and friendly.  We are only passing through, but I would recommend this place to anyone in the area!
Ok if you are not a bar person, just stop now & find somewhere else to drink water or whatever. This place ROCKS! I had the greatest time during the weekend of Purdue/Michigan (Take into account that I attended a small Liberal Arts school i.e. I don't give a flying f*ck about college football.) I had a great time going to watch my Arsenal match earlier and walked around for a bit trying to find this place. Once we got here the beer & spirits kept flowing. Oh yes besides having a plethora (3 Amigos!!!) of suds there is an intimidating amount of spirits to choose from. I'm a snobbish bourbon drinker & I couldn't complain about the selection. I also met a ton of people who work in and around Ann Arbor's restaurant industry so you know the place is money...
Great location and nice pre-game spot.  Love the outdoor seating area.  However, food isn't that great.  Sometimes the service is left to be desired.  Pretty much a Game Day spot, only.
Awesome beer selection burgers, salads, and catfish tacos.
Staff were overwhelmed, but that's what you get on a beautiful Saturday when you're one of the only bright bastions of tasty beer in Harlem. That doesn't forgive the 10 minute lag between walking to the bar and getting a drink, or the uneven pours I saw doled out amongst patrons, but with just a couple clearly not beer expert barkeeps in charge of keeping a mob of happy drinkers at bay, it's understandable. 

I'm waiting to go back on an off day/night so that I can sit and relax, but overall, this mini-beer garden is a very welcome addition to the block! 

Communal tables seating maybe 60 people, meaning that with the 100+ who were inside, things got a bit cramped. Combined with bright lighting and casual but tasty-step-up-from-pub burgers and other items, Bier International made me feel comfortable and like I wanted to become a regular. I hope they get a sidewalk seating permit for next summer!
After leaving Latitiude, this place felt like a library, in comparison, even though it was packed with neo-Harlemites. I power chugged a few Six Point Sweet Actions, and didn't even get my bartender's names. I did speak! I remember that. But the fraternal handshakes and slice of life conversations were elsewhere. The woman sitting to my right got up and stared at me as if I was a stalker from a great thriller movie. I almost spit in her eye.  I could not place the downtempo background music.  It is in the n'hood, so I guess that I will try them again, but i think I hang over at Chocolat or Mocha more!!! So I can 'feel' the n'hood.

I wanted to make sure that my drunk behind was somewhat clear about my review, so I went back, after typing this....

I met a couple of gents who were into social justice and metaphysical elitism  from Texas who wanted to holla at some Puerto Rican hotties from the Bronx.  They were talking their validating stuff to me while some manipulating opportunist was trying his mack hand on the ladies...Typical bar stuff.

The moral of the story is go early and be a story in the lines of CBS' How I met your Mother or come late be a segment in As the World Turns.  

It is up to you...
A U District stalwart.  Go there for good beer and good food!
Okay, so let's tackle the things they're best known for first. Their chili is seriously good. Hearty and delicious and kind of spicy-- I crave this regularly. I've never actually ordered sausage, but I've nibbled off of my friends' orders and I think it's pretty good for being sausage (of which I'm really not a huge fan in the first place). As for the fries, I may be the only person who actually doesn't like them that much. I feel like the fried-to-unfried potato ratio is just a little too skewed, but I'm not big on skinny fries anyway. A small handful is usually good enough for me, but if I eat my entire basket then I feel a little gross about myself.

I've always ordered something different here, as they have such a huge selection of different burgers and sandwiches. My personal favourite is the bacon bleu burger, although surprisingly enjoyed the buffalo burger a lot. The patty is lean without losing the beefiness.

As others have said, service is a little slow so don't go here if you're on a time crunch. Servers will walk by your table several times without stopping, even when it isn't busy... they're just overall very chill so make sure you have plenty of time to eat or drink!
We've eaten here many times and it's a go-to eatery when friends are in town and we are in the U-district....or if we just crave a nice burger and their awesome fries. Great atmosphere, friendly service, good food, and lots of delicious beer! Will be back again and again!
It is a good place where enjoying German beer and original frankfurters and wieners. Now they have a nice outdoor space right on the sidewalk, much better than inside.
The food here is just like the stuff you get at a real live German biergarten--no-frills sausage on a roll that's too small (though, if you're a true German you don't eat it like a sandwich as we do here), curry ketchup, salty fries, all eaten at a picnic table. All that's missing is the liter-sized beer and the cigarette smoke. 

I really really have to go back for a schnitzel. I know it has to be good. I'll let you know.
The food here is always good. When you walk in, I was immediately treated like part of the family. I even see the family around town and they speak like we're old neighbors. I especially love the kisses from grandma, she's gotta be my favorite. Everyone is so nice. Now, the food..... Delicious. Authentic old world Polish and Hungarian food. The hot or cold kraut, the potato pancakes and the Vienna schnitzel. Delicious, and it pairs so well with the Polish beer. My wife loves the perogies and golumpkis. Remember to try the desert crepes, they're definitely on the radar
Leckeres deutsches Essen!! I lived in Germany for 2 years and this place was a bit of 'home' for me. I had a Koelsch with my Currywurst and Jaegerschnitzel mit Spaetzle und Rotkraut. The helpings were plentiful and perfect for 2 to share. I can't wait to try the other menu items. The owner was friendly and it was great to be able to put my German to use. I will be back! My only peeve? I wish it were closer to my house so I could go more often.
I haven't tried the beer here, but the food is TERRIBLE. Pathetic looking (and tasting) salads, lame burgers and wilted fries. Needless to say, I won't be wasting my time, money or calories here again. 

*one positive note: the wait staff is very nice and helpful!
We had the Currywurst (hot pork sausage, curry ketchup over fries) and the Hunter schnitzel (schnitzel with mushroom gravy, spaetzl and red cabbage).  Both were fantastic and fresh!  The service was great and they have a huge variety of dishes to try.
I've been pestering my friends to go to Shultzy's with me for a long time... I love good sausage [ha] and it's always been appealing to me... my friends always countered with how expensive it was. I figured $10 for a really good sausage and fries is a reasonable price to pay, and I was really excited that today I was finally out with people who had been to Shultzy's and wanted to return. Yay, success!

Everything was just sort of meh, and for the price I paid I expected a better tasting sausage -- seriously, I would have preferred a plain old Mariner Dog to this, and that is sad :( I had the Ragin' Cajun, and there was no heat to it, at all. Not even really heat temperaturewise, it was just sort of warm... The bun wasn't anything to write home about [think Costco food court but not as good]. However, the toppings were delicious [grilled onions, peppers and I added some sauerkraut for an additional fee] -- so I continued to eat it. The fries were very thin cut and generally mushy, and they came out just warm, not hot. It wasn't food that should be sent back [unless the request was "put it in the microwave,"] but it was not worth the cost.

The service was slow but friendly [I think they were disappointed only one of us got a beer -- I know refilling waters sucks], but the wait time was reasonable because they were busy [lots of UW departmental commencements] so I give servers the benefit of the doubt in instances like this, so my two-star rating only takes into account food and the cost vs the value of the meal.

I still stand by with the belief that a good sausage can totally be worth $10... however I know now that that $10 on a good sausage will likely be spent elsewhere.
This place is amazing, Anytime I am on a downtown Ann Arbor adventure, I always am sure to end my night at the Heidleberg. with "Slimmer" behind the bar, its always sure to be a good time. She is an amazing bartender/owner who loves what she does. The food is great and the atmosphere is always a good time.  If you are in the mood for some live tunes, there is a club upstairs with bands and live music, or you can go downstairs and chill in more of a bar setting.
We used Scholz Garten for our wedding rehearsal dinner. The whole experience was amazing. Hayley, the event coordinator, was incredibly easy to work with and gave us everything we needed. The waitstaff was super fast and nice. 

The food was great--all of our guests loved it. 

THANK YOU!
I love me the Schultzy's especially last year when I was in a sausage eating kick.  The place has one of the most amazing After School Happy Hour Specials on full Liters of beer.  I loved to go in here on a gorgeous Seattle day, order up my beer and the Italian Sausage.  The Italian Sausage came with grilled peppers and onions and crispy mozzarella on top.  It was almost too much to eat with one's hands so I sometimes fork and knifed it. 
I have also had the chili and the fries which are both amazing as well.  My friends have done the Kosher dogs and other sausages and no one leaves disappointed.  The space itself is nothing to write home about, but I love the communal feel here.  It doesn't mean you are sitting with anyone else, but it feels like you could easily strike up a conversation with anyone around you.  
This used to be a regular stop for me about a year ago, and I have to stop by again to revel in great beer deals and even better dogs.
One of my favorite places to chill. Not only is the beer international but so are the guests! Really diverse groups of people come here. A basic Euro menu (Sausages and Fries, Cheese plates) with a few other things on there. Great ambiance, good beer, GREAT PEOPLE! They also have a DAS BOOT.
I have to admit I have never been inside this place.  And never will.  Every time I walk past the place at night it is filled with 20 something  riff-raff.  Young guys with with baseball hats on sideways,  gold chains, pants down to their butt with their underwear showing and squeaky clean white sneakers unlaced.  Get the picture?!  And their female counterparts...looking skanky as ever. This has turned into a local thug/ hoochie mama hang out.  So, unless you're into that scene, avoid it!  Too bad it has turned into that type of hang out since the interior is great and I would want to hang out someplace like this, less their current clientele.
The first time I came here I tried one of their burgers and it was pretty dry. I decided to give it a second chance and came here for happy hour and I guess it was a little better, but not much. They are known to have the best chili cheese fries in town, but I disagree. I also tried their hot wings and they tasted like Applebee's, which aren't the best either. And their Washington Apple Martini didn't taste like apples at all, it tasted like those nasty cherry liquid cough medications that many of us used to take when we were little kids. They don't have the cheapest happy hour, but I guess if you have a group of people who just wanna get together and chill somewhere close to the UW campus, then you can settle for this place. It's pretty loud and packed during happy hour, so go early if you have a group.
This was the very first restaurant I tried when I started at the University of Washington four years ago, so it holds a special place in my heart. =] 

I am sad to see that people have had bad experiences with service because I have always had pleasant experiences here. The very first time my friends and I came, the waitress was so sweet to us. She was a senior at UW, so she chatted with us about school and things we should do. She also memorized our orders for the next time. Although she is gone, all the other waiters have always been friendly and gotten my orders correct. It may be that the other reviewers had problems with the service because the atmosphere is so relaxed. You just walk in and plop yourself down at an open table. The restaurant has the feel of a local college bar, not the feel of some stuffy chain. 

The food is really tasty if you don't go in expecting the usual healthful Seattle fare. I suggest the andouille (love Cajun!), which is a spicy sausage that they top with sauteed peppers and onions, or the Coleman cheese steak, which is topped with provolone, bacon, sauteed onions, and spices. YUM! I also love their french fries because they are salty, crispy, little pieces of deliciousness, but I can see how some people would not like that. 

If you are going their to drink, I suggest getting a raspberry slamminade (raspberry and citrus vodka and sparkling lemonade). They are SLAMMIN'!
My wife is from Germany and she used to love eating at these little curry wurst stands on her lunch break.  Tonight I took her back 18 years and she loved it.  Bratz is the real authentic deal.  The stand is a true hole in the wall with no place to sit but the food is delicious and cheap.
Scholz Garten oldest business in Texas! How awesome!   It was really convenient to the Frank Erwin Center and the IMAX theater downtown.  The food was great, fast, and, affordable.  We had an excellent waitress and all 5 of us ate for about 55bucks.  It was a bit noisy inside when it got crowded after the Davis Cup let out but I will definitely be back again!
Tough crowd around here... I appreciate Scholz for what it is and save my "authentic" German dining experiences for Fredericksburg. First and foremost it is an awesome biergarten with tons of Austin history. Most people should be able to appreciate that alone. I agree, the food is ok at best, it is fine drinking food, but the atmosphere, culture, beer, and people make it great. Try it out before a UT basketball game, or if you dare a football game- it is amazing and crazy and energetic- gets me excited just thinking about it. So, I love Scholz. It is a good time with an awesome biergarten. Next time you are not out for a 5 star meal, go grab a cold one, enjoy the sun and some Austin history. I'm heading there now before we head on to the UT basketball game!
was in town on a biz trip and our partner took me here for lunch.

the beer was great.

the food is all right. i ordered their suasage with curry and it was ok. also ordered a side of their fried liver; it was also just ok.

i'm a hugh fan of suasages, other than that do not know much about german cuisine. gave it a 3 star for that reason.

this place is very popular during october for their 'october fest' tho.
OK I cant begin to describe this places level of awesomeness. They have wooden Pomme Frites forks. Awesome!! 

The food is authentic and the best damn German food in Seattle. I should know as I lived in Germany. The Brats are so flavorful and I almost always get the curry wurst. It will rock your world. The schnitzel is also as good as it gets and dont forget the Pommes Frites easily the best in Seattle. The reason that this place is so GOOD is that it is run and owned by a German family. Their love of the food shows through.  

I should also state that for those of you who have not been here for awhile you need to come back. They have expanded and now have indoor seating, a TV playing German Soccer and of course Sounders games and will soon have German beer. The menu has been expanded and they have like twice as many items as before.
Relaxed atmosphere (almost like a beer garden), great beer selection, tasty snacks (those truffle fries are good, but they sure stink the place... you'll know what I mean when you get inside) and welcoming service. Surely out of the way, but a solid place if you happen to be up there. Despite their attitude "either you continue to order or leave the table for somebody else who isn't waiting for it yet", I would definitely go back.
Although the name is off-putting to the German ear, this little daylight basement restaurant is as authentic as your grandma's Sauerbraten. Egged on by my son, who sniffs out these good deals, I finally stopped by to sample. First visit, I tried the Currywurst (a roadside (Imbiß) dish that GIs dote on but is virtually unknown south of Munich). OK, so it's a nice, not spicy Wurst covered in a mix of curry sauce and lots of ketchup  -  not haute cuisine, nor even up to Gasthaus standards. Price was right. Was shocked to the core to see photos of Bratwurst held prisoner by a bland-looking soft round bun. Sacrilege! Faux pas! Clearly an American custom has sneaked in the menu  -  German Wurst always is displayed proudly NEXT to the bread, not encasing it. Remember that, travelers. 

My second visit (with my son) was much more satisfactory. I gamely ordered the Schnitzel platter with Spätzle and Rotkraut, confident that the kitchen could not meet my high standards. What a revelation: the two (2!) breaded pork cutlets that made Vienna famous were perfectly seasoned, with breading intact, and well-pounded, yet juicy tender (mürb we call it in Austria). Accompanied by the required slice of lemon, a flawless execution of the red cabbage  -  not too sweet, not overcooked, with a good red wine taste. Try that anywhere outside of the Alpenland and you will be lucky to hit one of three. This is a home run at less than $9 per plate! 

I talked with the owners and tried their version of another Austrian standard, the Gulaschsuppe. This often very spicy thinner version of the Austrian/Hungarian national dish Gulyás was a bit too minestrone-like and the bits of tomato and onions are not found in an authentic Gulaschsuppe, because the classic recipe uses tomato paste and the onions are caramelized and reduced to the lovely deep red sludge so beloved by Gulasch- and chili-heads alike. Also was a little light on the caraway. A Gulaschsuppe also gets its heat from a proper Debreziner (like a Frankfurter, but packing HEAT). But then again, there are many variants of Gulyás and many ways to reach a higher culinary state.  And I haven't found a Debreziner anywhere in this town. 

The owners are from the Pfalz (Zweibrücken) so for the Palatines the wine selection would be first choice. But this is a beer joint, and the selection is as authentic as the Schnitzel platter I consumed. They also make their own pastries, so I will try these next time. Meanwhile, take my word  -  at last a good, friendly German place with authentic dishes, German TV and an astounding bargain all around! Hut ab!
This is the kind of bar the residents of "trendy" West Harlem have been waiting patiently for. A laid back venue with a minimalist decor and a diverse, delicious beer selection. The food is tasty with a lot of small dishes. The staff are friendly and pleasant and the owners "remember your name". A perfect meeting spot for afterwork, mid-week, and brunch (afternoon). Can get really busy on weekend nights.
Quick, tasty, German food.  

I passed by the sign a few times and told myself I needed to stop and grab lunch one day.  Well one day finally arrived and I found myself at the ordering window.  

The staff was quick and attentive.  And offered free samples of their spiced almonds.  Yum!  We ordered a red and a white brat, with fries and a pretzel.  The fries were great and seasoned nicely.  I really enjoyed the white brat.  And was very pleased with the quality.

The pretzel really did overshadow everything.  They are phenomenal!  I highly suggest simply coming by for one.  Overall a great lunch stop.
I have been here twice.  The first time, a Friday around 6:30ish, I expected it to be full of young people, just off work, starting their weekends with a range of beers from around the world.  I did not expect it to be full of REALLY young people (like 3-6 years old), strollers, high chairs, and bartenders pouring apple juice...which was the case that night.  I was definitely under the impression that a place called Bier International was more so a BAR rather than a restaurant for Mommy and Me classes.  I get that there are young parents in the neighborhood who have children, who want to get out, hang with friends, etc., and I guess bring their children along....but it really seems strange to do so at a place where beer is the focal point.  It was odd and it made me feel weird.  The second time I went, a Thursday, the crowd was age-appropriate.

Anyway, the beer selection is okay.  The draft selection is not extensive and a number of the beers you can find at any Irish pub these days (Delirium Tremens, while good, is not really an inspired choice). There are some solid options (Kwak, Duvel Green, Dunkel) and I like that they have the appropriate glass for each beer.   The wine selection is slim and not great.  Is it too much to ask that a place have good beer selections AND good wine selections?  I have yet to find such a place.

Food-wise, the yucca fries are really, really good  (Bonus, they pair nicely with beer.  Any beer).  The croque-monsieur is sinful, in the way that it is more like french toast with melty cheese and thick slabs of ham.  This can either be a good thing, or a very, very bad thing.  The bratwursts are pretty good, but the plate is heavy on the fries, light on the meat, which is less than satisfying.

The communal tables offer plenty of opportunity to befriend your neighbor and the bartenders/waitstaff have been, for the most part, friendly and knowledgeable.  And yes, as other reviewers have noted, CASH ONLY (but there are ATMs within the block).
Dear Schultzy's,

I wish I could give you a better rating cause your food is pretty decent and your fries rock.  But, the last time I went there I got horrible service.  Several minutes went by before we were even acknowledged at our table, it took even longer to order and get our food, then when all we wanted to do was pay and leave you couldn't even get that done in a timely manner.  You weren't even busy.  So, like this letter our relationship will be brief and short.

Sincerely,
Disappointed in Seattle

P.S. You got a whole star alone only because of the fries.
Great place for a beer! Zeigenbach is $3 for a 16 oz. draft, which is a good deal in the area. The nachos are also great!
I have yet to do a pro & con list on Yelp so here we go:

Pro's: 1) Yippee! German beer!
2) Chef makes great tasting and inventive fare.  Cheers to chef!
3) Close to my haus.  No cab ride watching lame Ch 7 newscast.
4) Communal seating.  Wine bars are so 2008!

Con's: 1) Cash only.  "Do you take IOU'S?"
2) Loud.  I said "Do you take IOU's?"
3) Service is better at the bar.  Know your bartenders.
4) Hipsters with baby strollers blocking me in and blocking me out.
I was amazed how good the food here is. If it were $10 for a schnitzel lunch, I'd still give this place a 5, but it's $7! I had the hunter schnitzel and my daughter had the pretzel brat. She ate nearly the entire thing, and she's 3 and very picky.
When my friends wanted to meet me here for lunch and I heard the name I was picturing one of those hyper-colorful hot dog kind of places. Thankfully it's not - it's actually pretty cool and reminded me more of a pub atmosphere then anything else. 

The food was tasty and the portion sizes were just about right. I had chicken and it was very good and not at all overcooked. I also recommend the sparkling lemonade! A little spendy for everyday (You're looking at about $15-20 per person for lunch) but still a fun place for once in a while! 

No dedicated parking but plenty of street parking, also there are two smaller pay lots directly across the street. I don't know how much they fill up on weekdays, but on the weekends they were both totally empty.
Schultzy's offers a large enough menu that pretty much any meat eater will be able to find something they want.

I tried the Andoullie because the description on the menu immediately sold it to me. I was expecting it to arrive with a pile of grilled onions and peppers on top but when it reached the table I was a bit disappointed. The toppings were far from generous. I bit into it expecting a super smokey flavor but it didn't deliver much on that aspect either. However, it wasn't a bad link overall. It was generally tasty and the fries were super thin but oddly addictive. I found myself eating chunks of them with my fork far after the point of satiation. The slaw wasn't bad either! This was surprising as the coleslaw I've had in restaurants similar to Schultzy's has been watery and flavorless. 

Schultzy's is not the place to go if you are expecting a true bargain deal. At $11 w/o tax for my Andoullie, I did not think the food was completely worth it - but I wasn't kicking myself over the amount that I spent. Not a bad place to grab a meal.
Great selection of draft beers (I usually the Bier Sampling - 5 small glasses you select from their beer list), good food. I've tried the fish tacos that were really good once, and the chicken quesadilla that was just ok. Also tasted the truffle fries which were well seasoned and flavored but a bit mushy.

Try to get a sit outside, and remember it's cash only.
I finally got around to trying Bier and was not disappointed. We arrived just after brunch but before the kitchen opened for the in-between time. The waitress left a food menu and promised to let us know when the kitchen reopened. And she did.
In the meanwhile, we ordered a sampler and Sugar Hill. The 5oz serving sizes are perfect to get an idea of what you like and what to avoid, since you won't find the usual suspects of Heineken and Stella on tap. Also, the draft beers come in a variety of sizes, so you aren't stuck with a pint when .3l is more than enough. Every beer comes in the appropriate glass, so you'll get to enjoy all of the notes and flavors as they were intended.

The food far exceeded my expectations. The Truffle Parmesean cheese fries were stellar. I felt bad for the guy at bar eating his with ketchup! It truly didn't need it.
The mushroom quesadilla was light and fluffy, not too cheesy, great variety of mushrooms, just amazing.
The hummus platter was also fantastic. The hummus was spicy, the tabouli was light and not overdressed and the babaganoush was smoky.

We agreed it was loud but it's a bier garden! I was also surprised by the number of kids present, lots of strollers but thankfully no crying babies! Also, the bathroom was spotless, thank goodness!
Our waitress was patient, explained different options and offered suggestions.
The only surprise came when the check arrived and we discovered it was cash only, so come prepared. But nothing is overpriced, the beer and food were lovely and they offer wine for the non-beer drinkers.
I'm looking to try the strawberry beer next.
Still douche-bag free on a Friday night at 8PM! That is hard to find in the U-Distrct ;)

The more I go there the more I realize their fries are maybe my favorite fries in Seattle, perfectly golden crispy shoestring fries without being too crispy. My favorite is still "El Diablo" but the "Atomic Norm" with chicken sausage, wing sauce, and blue cheese crumbles is a close second. I think next time I'm going to try to recreate one of my hometown (Cleveland) favorites and put the fries and coleslaw right in my sandwich. :P
There is something about this place I really like but I cannot pin it down.  Perhaps people are friendlier here than most places?    The basement tends to have a more "hippie" feel then a lot of Ann Arbor bars.    Perhaps that is why people here are friendly, they are just stoned and chilled!  They lose a star for turning the upsairs into a poker room.  We used to see hot females and cool dudes dancing and getting drunk to live music (fun times!) -now it is  just degenerate gamblers and middle aged drunkards getting in their daily fix.
I haven't been to Shultzy's since the many years when I attended the U.W. The German sports bar has decent prices for happy hour on Sundays since it lasts the whole day. A big plus to bring in the folks.

The food and beer selection is adequate for a quick trip in and out for HH, but I'm not sure how the regular menu is like if you want an entire meal. 

The restaurant doesn't have any special feel to it and it just seems like your typical bar restaurant.
Let me start by saying this is based ONLY on the Rathskeller..

It was a weird night to begin with as my husband was drinking...he may have A whiskey after work every now and again but this night it was multiple whiskey's.  He was on a Jameson kick and we had just left another bar after being told they didn't have any whiskey at all.  We asked someone where to go and the Rathskeller was mentioned.  He perked up right away as he'd been wanting to go there since we moved here.

Well the first complaint was the heat/humidity...I seriously began wondering if the Rathskeller was a large humidor as we were all treated as human cigars.  The bartender did end up burning us after all....

Which brings me to the worst part....My husband ordered the Jameson Gold (yes I know it's top shelf) but a 750ml is usually around $65.  Patron Silver is around $40 and that's usually about a $10 margarita. So I figure the Jameson should have been around a $12 drink.  (Still too much to pay for any liquor but apparently I married a whiskey snob).  However, the bartender decided he wanted to charge us $18 for a drink!  I think he was pissed that I ordered the Puerto Rican rum and coke they had on special for $2.
Two hours after leaving, I still smell like fried food.  Sit outside if you're going to eat here.  

I've been here about four times, always during a team lunch, and the service is usually unbearably slow.  Today we made it in and out in an hour and twenty minutes- record time for this place!

I'm only awarding two stars because the steamed broccili was greasy, the peach pie was more like a bread pudding, the red cabbage was more the texture of canned cranberry sauce, and the german potato salad was just... eh.  

My coworker sitting next to me couldn't finish her pulled pork which was just sitting in a pool of grease in its little bowl.  It looked so sad.

I've been seriously spoiled by my Texas Hill Country upbringing and German home cooking.   My gramma would have sent this slop back to the kitchen.  I smiled kindly at the waitress and tipped anyway.
I go back and forth about Shultzy's, oscillating between 3 stars and 4 stars. First, the good. This place has a nice cozy, but stripped down look that doe seem to fit my idea of what a Bavarian sausage haus would actually look like. It's great for groups with huge 6-person booths that are both surprisingly comfortable and surprisingly private. They have a gas fireplace in one corner which is great to get a table for 2 (or even for 1) near during Seattle's cold, wet winters. During the summer they have a back deck in the alley (which doesn't feel like it's in the alley at all) where you can get outside in the sunshine and enjoy the weather.

The food is good, but never really blows me away, but unfortunately I'm comparing Shultzy's to a 135+ year old restaurant in Columbus, Ohio which makes the best sausages I've ever had. I always get the Uncle Norm which is a spicy chicken sausage patty on a hoagie roll and it doesn't disappoint. The fries are the thin-cut 'straw' fries which are better eaten with a fork than with your hands, but are very tasty. I order the fries without salt because there are just so many of them that my mouth literally feels like it's burning at the end if I get the full-salt ones.

The beer selection is great if you like German beer and OK if you're not a big fan of German Beer. They usually have something I want to drink on tap and recently have been carrying the Snoqualmie Black Frog Stout pretty regularly and it's delicious.

With all of that good, you can see why I usually lean toward a 4-star rating. However, the food is pricier than I'd want it to be. By the time you get a beer and an entree the meal is $20 each even at lunch. Also, as I said before the food, while good, isn't exactly amazing especially since they're working with what should be the easiest thing in the world to make mouth-wateringly good: sausage, beer and fries. Instead the burger and sausage seem to remind me more of something I bought at the supermarket and pan-fried up on the stove than something truly delicious. Also, I'm not the biggest fan of German beer.
I went there on a Sunday evening and just wasn't in the mood for beer, although the beer selection looked great. They have Oktoberfest specials (1 liter mugs!!) with three selections at a time rotating throughout the season. The food was ok, I had a burger and it was a little dry and not quite worth the ten bucks I had ot pay for it. I do like the German theme and my friends really enjoyed the more traditional German food, but still not quite worth it for the price tag. I'll skip the food next time and just have some beer.
Went hear on a date on a Saturday night. Cool place. Very loud, not from the music ; but the loud talking. 
We sat at the bar, the kitchen had just closed when we walked in ; 11:pm.

The atmosphere is cool, decor cool, the service good. I will be going back to taste the food.
My husband met the super nice owner of this gem while walking our dog. Funny enough they are both German and they then of course struck up a convo (I have no idea what they said to each other). The end result, we now get to eat German food, not made by me, and it's really good. 

I love the Jaeger Schnitzel mit spaetzle.

My husband loves the currywurst. 

Our 5 year old loves the bratwurst and fries.

It's all great and the service is very friendly!
Succinct version: poor value, poor service, decent food. The decent food saves it from getting one star.

Shultzy's used to be decent--a few years ago you could get a beer, sandwich, and fries for a little over $12 including tax and tip.

Nowadays the same combination costs about $17, but the portions have gotten smaller and the service has gotten worse.

Over the last year I've experienced consistently bad service (though it's worse in the evenings). Water refilled infrequently, difficult to order more drinks, even outright contempt from the server when we flag them down to order more drinks (this doesn't make any sense), takes way too long to get the bill. 

When you're with a large party, all of these things make the automatic 20% gratuity even more irritating.

It's also ridiculous that the beer "specials" are $4-5, which is more expensive than a regular beer at most other bars nearby. I know they have nice imported beer but some of the stuff is local and/or domestic, so what gives?

All that being said the food is decent for what it is (greasy and in need of an accompanying beer), though more sausage and less fries would be nice. $10 for a small sandwich and a pile of fries is way too much. $8 would be slightly pricey, $7 ideal. I gave up on ordering any of the sausage sandwiches (patties or links) because they almost always come out too dry, and go for the cheesesteaks instead.
I'm only ever in the Rathskeller (basement area), and on busier nights, it's hard to seat a large group. It also gets difficult to flag down a waiter/waitress. But there's a decent selection of beer, and where else in Ann Arbor can you get DAS BOOT!!! ?
Make sure to bring cash!!! They do not take credit cards....

PROS: Awesome beer selections, friendly and fast service, a chill open setting and tasty bites...

Cons: The acoustics blow inside....for some reason it is very very loud so difficult to have a convo without yelling

** First come first serve for outdoor seating so wasted 4 tops.....
*** Lots of stroller moms with little kids...seriously..its not cool when little jimmy is running around uncontrolled the hell brings kids to a bar at night???? Get real...at least teach your kids some table manners...

Overall this place is great. Both times I went with friends we were all happy and buzzed.
It's a fairly odd thing when I'm actually craving for hot dogs and cheeseburgers at the same time, because it's almost always cheeseburgers. But go to this place, and you can have the best of both worlds. Their fries are crispy, tasty, and oh-so-delish. (I'd probably just come back here for the fries alone.)

Their service could be a little better though, napkins are almost always necessary when eating with your hands in my book (unless you like wiping your greasy hands on your pants/shirt), which I don't. They must've ran out or they were rationing.
This is a great pre-game spot.  I remember coming here in my college days when we would drive down from Lubbock to see the Red Raiders try their best against the Longhorns.  We'd always come to Scholz before the game for some beers and noshing before heading over to watch the games.  

Now, many years later (not saying how many), it's the same, friendly vibe at Scholz.  They have a great beer selection, a few wines, and friendly servers.  

I can't speak for their food, but I was in an island of silence as the people around me stuffed their faces.  Must have been good food!  

If you happen to be in Austin and are not a Longhorns fan - yes there are some of us - don't let that keep you from some pre-game lubrication.  While most of the bar is wearing burnt orange, they aren't obnoxious to the away team fans at all.  Unless, of course, you're obnoxious to them.  In that case, you deserve whatever comes your way.

Go, drink some beers, and enjoy the game!
The food here is OK.  It isn't French, as the name might suggest, and the presentation leaves a lot to be desired.  The prices are high for their offerings and people might be better off going to Crane Alley next door.

(We were just there again this morning and they botched our order.  They gave us prosciutto in a vegetarian sandwich.)
Great, relaxed spot for meeting up with friends. I'm not a beer drinker, but I thoroughly enjoyed their wine selection. Try the rioja, if you're into reds. There are some wonderful veg-friendly food options as well. I fancied the Mediterranean platter. The smoky baba ghanoush  was surprisingly delish! The bartenders were friendly and attentive, which always heightens any experience. Sadly it was a rainy day so we couldn't take advantage of the outdoor seating, but the space is open enough to give you that outdoor-sy feel anyway. 

Hit up the ATM before because this fine establishment is cash only!
Love their beer selection, but not quite a fan of their food.  Been there twice, but I can't quite remember what my first experience was like. My second experience was during happy hour, and I ordered a lamb burger?  it was so-so.  Definitely enjoyed their thin fries though, and definitely enjoyed watching my friend eat the fries with a fork. lol.
My roommate and I were in the University District on Saturday running some errands, and when lunchtime rolled around, we decided to pick Shultzy's for a fun lunch on the Ave. 

Bad choice. 

Upon arriving, we were seated near the bar. Our waitress took our drink orders, and promised us waters. Thus began the worst lunch ever at Shultzy's. 

First, my roommate found a floater in her drink. When we hailed down our waitress, she quickly replaced it, and all was good. However, when we got our poutine (fries with gravy) there were no napkins to be found (had to wave down a waitress again), and no water to wash it down with.

After 20 minutes the waitress came back and took our food order. My roommate told her about her tomato allergy, and was assured that her order would be free of  tomatoes. When our food arrived 40 minutes later, her entire entree was full of tomatoes and she had been given the wrong kind of sausage (which also happened to somehow be completely tasteless), and I was served the wrong size salad. We also weren't given any utensils. AGAIN had to hail down the waitress!

My poor roommate got her plate back several minutes later. It was cole slaw, white rice, green peppers, and the wrong kind of sausage. That's it! No bun, no topping on the rice, nothing. She resorted to covering her meal with mustard to make it bearable. I scarfed down my tiny salad and was still starving. 

Thanks Shultzy's for taking over an hour of our afternoon to completely screw up every aspect of our meal. And we never even got waters!
Neat. Food is reasonably good. Brunch menu has not a huge selection though.
German food prepared by real Gemans!  The Brats are very nice, high quality ingredients, the fries are well seasoned, the bread for the brats is just like in Deutschland too.  Their location, down in the basement a the corner across from Safeway isn't so great, and their signage is terrible but it's worth finding.  Try the potato salad too, oh and the roasted almonds they make (in the classic paper tutte) are also classic imbi food.

btw, they're at the corner of 50th and Brooklyn (not as shown on the map here)
I was cranky. It had been too long since I had something in my mouth. I longed for something to fill my void. I couldn't take it anymore. I needed something to fulfill my needs and what better than a big, fat, juicy sausage?! 

Maybe it was the fact I was a bit hungover, or maybe it was the fact I hadn't eaten all day, but DAMN that was some good food. We sat in the front by the fireplace and watched the football game, and despite the fact the Seahawks got owned by the Packers we enjoyed our meal. Really enjoyed it. The food was fatty and a bit greasy, but oh-so-delicious. I usually hate shoestring french fries, but these were perfectly seasoned - salty, but not too salty. I highly recommend the cheesesteaks and of course, the sausages. The sausages are huge and come in between some really soft buns. Ahem!

Not only do they have hearty, greasy baskets o' yummy food at reasonable prices - they also have lots of reasonably priced alcohol. I noticed on their drink list that they have DAILY drink specials (yes, daily, not just for a few hours) and the drink specials were cheap - right around $3 to $4. They offer lots of great imported beers from Germany, Belgium and England as well as some local microbrews. 

I felt comfortable and cozy in this place. The service staff was friendly and very attentive. Even though there was a football game going on, the customers weren't rowdy or obnoxious. The open kitchen adds to the ambiance without making it feel pretentious. I would consider this place more of a restaurant than a bar and in fact, they actually close at midnight - so I think they consider themselves that too. 

All in all, this is a great, cozy place to get drunk and shove sausages in your mouth. My only gripe is that this place is in the U-District. I hate going there and trying to find parking! But, I will be back. Good sausage always keeps me coming back.
Bier is a small local beer joint that has an interesting menu of beers and some pretty good burgers. seating is first come/first serve so if you want a spot at the bar or a table, better get there early or late as its popular with the locals for sure. Service was very friendly and a nice change of pace from a lot of spots in the village. If you find yourself at the top of the park, definitely stop by.
Bier is a cute beer-garden-esque restaurant in the strip of gentrification known as Frederick Douglass Blvd.  I like the communal tables, and although I went at a rather inconvenient time for a beer garden type restaurant (I can hardly walk outside in this winter, let alone sit and sip on a frosty beer), I see that it has a lot of great potential!

Service was friendly, the ambiance was simple but nice, and the menu of beers was a good size.

Their brunch menu was more limited, though I really liked the toast/biscuit thing that the crab cake benedict was served on.  They accidentally gave me a dinner menu as well, which I was happy to see (for the next visit) but was sad that I could not order off of this time.

*Keep in mind that it's a cash-only restaurant.  There's an ATM at the Dunkin Donuts next door that only charges a $1.50 fee (as opposed to the HSBC $3 fee).
This place was great... When i went to Berlin a while back I loved a fast food dish called Curry Boulette (Basically hotdog and hamburger smothered in curry sauce).  This place had it and it was great.  Next time I go I will probably try the schnitzel since that also looked pretty delicous.
One star less for you Shultzy's! And that's because of the following conversation I had with my server:

Me: (Pointing at the wine section of the menu) What is your house red?
Her: Um, I dunno. Are you sure you don't want a beer? We specialize in beer.

WTF? What kind of server asks "are you sure you don't want beer?" Yes I'm sure! I don't drink beer. In fact, I'm positive I don't want beer. And how totally uncooperative to not just say, "I don't know, let me check on that for you," and then give me an appropriate response to my question. 

So I would like to amend my previous review when I said "If you are like me and don't like sausage and beer, let me reassure you that you will not go hungry and thirsty here." Apparently you will go thirsty here if you unlucky enough to get that server.
Scholz Garten offers precisely that "I know what I am getting feeling." You walk into Scholz and just know that the food will be mediocre, probably purchased, and well... just that stepchild. This is the place to be for game day and perhaps concerts, but it will never be on my go-to for a quick business lunch. Sort of reminds me of Stubb's.

The menu is pretty straightforward, but they certainly offer way too many things. For lunch, I was torn between... well the whole menu, since the specials just did not sound appealing.

I ended up trying their "special" of a lunch-priced 2-meat tray. Sure, at $8, it is a steal, but I certainly cannot foresee myself going back to feast on this extremely mediocre cue.

My smoked turkey was OK; it was fairly dry. My smoked wings were not super tender, and the sauce was bland. They pretty much sucked. I had a bite of my buddy's Reuben. The meat was chewy, and one slice of bread was just dripping in grease. Not the greatest meat and bread combination ever.

Definitely would not recommend Scholz, save a possible game day situation or perhaps a special concert. Do not return for the grub, under any circumstances!
I dropped by here for the infamous "Das Boot." I found this place a bit claustrophobic and uncomfortable. Maybe since there are no windows, and it's awkwardly decorated? Five of us split a boot, and immediately left after we were done.
As a vegetarian, a place with 'sausage' in the title seemed like a place for me to walk past and ignore. However, I saw a sign out front one morning which proclaimed $5 for a breakfast burrito and a drip coffee. The breakfast burrito is vegetarian and has eggs, onion, potatoes, and other spicy stuff and the coffee was surprisingly good.

I can't speak for whether they have anything else of value, but I thought the breakfast burrito + coffee was worth it.
my husband and i love bier.  Donald always takes good care of us.  i'm not a beer drinker, i go for the snacks.  the food is good.  i usually have a bierlini and some food or stop by for Sunday brunch.  it's loud & cash only, but a great neighborhood spot.  You can count on them to be consistent.
This is a relatively new place in Harlem.  The selection is a little limited but the service is good and the vibe is different from the norm.  Very friendly staff and they have a decent bar menu.
Having gone to grad school at UW, I've had the opportunity to sample the cuisine here on more occasions that I can count.  First and foremost, this is not a place for people who are trying to trim their waistline, but you'll like the taste so much that you won't mind.

The have a great philly-cheesesteak and several option for sausages, plus some burgers, etc.  I have mostly stuck with the cheesesteak, umm greasy goodness :) .  Each "sandwich" comes with fries (although you can ask for a side salad), and a small amount of coleslaw.  The coleslaw is either incredible or suspect, and there's really no time of day to suggest when to get it and when not to.  The fries are thin and not too greasy, but can be very salty, so I typically ask for no salt.

Drink wise they've a good selection of beers (typically of German/Czech in origin) but, if you have to go back to classes or work later, their iced tea is very good.  They also offer several sizes of beer -- a Boot in case you want something more than just a pint, and a .3 and .5 L option.

They have plenty of booths in the off-times, but it can get really packed during standard lunch/dinner hours.  They also have several TV's set up which makes this one of the best places to watch soccer world cups (if you get there early enough to find a seat).  during the summer, they have a small patio in the back of the restaurant, so you can sit outside and enjoy the rays.
I love cheesesteak sandwiches. I love the cheesesteak sandwiches at Shultzy's. That's all I ever eat there. And the lemonade, I also eat that. And the hotdogs. I eat those too rarely. Mostly the cheesesteaks.

I've been away for too long. I came back to visit. They had doubled in size, cleaned the place up a bit and taken the "MacDaddy" off the menu. Still. I love this place. Fries and slaw are great. My one wish: WhizSteak! Please Shultzy's!
I had my first Bratz bratwurst today: the red currywurst on a pretzel roll with fries covered with Hunter mushroom sauce. I was surprised how homemade it tasted. The whole meal was delicious and I didn't feel regretful, bloated, and disgusting afterwards, because it tasted homemade and gourmet. The fries weren't extremely salty and the spaetzle tasted great too. The pretzel roll was amazing. And of course, the brat was grilled till the outside was toasty crispy and the inside was juicy. 

 I heard this is a family-run business. I highly recommend this place.
So many reviews, no need for me to go on. Just some advice... order the chili cheese fries. They're pretty dang good.

One negative, I was wanting a red ale and based on the descriptions of the beer on the menu, I couldn't really determine if they had one or not. So I asked the server who said she didn't know much about the beers but could ask. As a server in a bar & grill you should be familiar with what you're serving. Just some honest feedback. 

Enjoy!
When you go will dramatically affect your experience. 

I'd skip this for dinner or any time it's too crowded. I think it's great for an after-work beer, or if you can hit happy hour (2 for 1 beers!). The menu is very sausage-heavy, as you might expect for a German restaurant, so I haven't eaten here.

The beers they have are good, but I would like to see more Belgian (and, gasp!, even American selections). 

The service is up and down: sometimes awesome, sometimes not-so-much.

It's an interesting addition to the Harlem scene, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit outside.
I first tasted the Bratz food at an event that they catered. I was raised in Germany and had longed for the country's authentic food since I had not been there in over 30 years. When I first tasted the bratz and then the veal schnitzel I was taken back to my younger years and have been going back ever since. I take my friends, my family and we just eat as many bratz and pompfrits as we can before we leave gorged. The portions are big, the food tastey and the setting authentic. Every now and then I'll try a German beer. It is the combination of beer and bratz that make my eyes roll back to the back of my head as I recall my living in Germany all those years ago. Thank you for creating such an authentic experience of German food! ~ Bettina
Ohhhhhh mama this place is good. I don't give 5 stars often but I really like this place. It's almost hard to write about it without salivating all over my keyboard. The wienerschnitzel! The curry ketchup! Bratwurst. Fries. I just can't say enough. OH and they have really authentic beer that my partner (who has been to Germany 3 or 4 times and lived there during college) said he has never seen outside of Germany before, even at bars that specialize in eastern European beer!

There is simply no reason for you not to go here. Unless of course you don't like German food or beer in which case we can no longer be acquainted.

Essen hier!
Great food, great service, great prices...but all the KIDS! Look, I have a kid too. It would never occur to me to bring her to a beer-themed restaurant. But if you want to, that's fine. However, there was a huge problem of 1) the restaurant is not well suited, logistically, to kids (communal tables), and 2) the parents were not monitoring their kids. I was there at 7pm on a Saturday, and there were strollers completely blocking every aisle, kids running around without supervision, baby carriers sitting on the (communal) tables, and toddlers standing and jumping on the (communal) benches. If this is going to be a family hangout, rather than a grownups-drinking-beer place, the management will have to reconsider the seating arrangements, make a separate space for strollers, and set some ground rules regarding kids running wild around the bar begging for drink garnishes while their parents sit and drink and ignore them. As I said, I have a kid, I love kids, but I don't want to drink beer with a stranger's baby in a carrier on the table right next to me grabbing at my glass.
Oh, warum habe ich nicht hier früher kommen!!

Immer wenn ich nach dem Ave gefahren in den letzten Monaten habe ich Bratz erwischt haben aus dem Augenwinkel und dachte: "Ich muss wirklich an diesen Ort Besuche"

Jetzt weniger als eine Woche fern von sich bewegenden nach Japan Ich bin froh, dass ich endlich getan!

Also zurück zu den Sternen:

Star verdient für Standort: Nice location. Auch wenn es eine Art Keller ist es sehr hell und komfortabel. Sie haben Fußball auf dem TV und würde ein großer Platz für eine Gruppe von Menschen oder einfach nur sich selbst oder vielleicht auch ein Freund sein.

Star verdient für sein Deutsch. In der Tat der Mann, nahm meine Bestellung ist aus der gleichen Zeit bin ich aus in Deutschland! Plus sie waren super freundlich.

Star verdient für Abwechslung. Das Menü ist einfach aber bietet eine große Auswahl. Es ist wirklich für alle Arten von verschiedenen Gäste ausgelegt. Wer Möglicherweise müssen Sie zum Mitnehmen kann ein Schnitzel Sandwich bekommen, oder eine Wurst. Für diejenigen, die ein bisschen mehr Zeit aber nicht viel nutzen Sie die Currywurst (gegessen mit den kleinen hölzernen Gabel) oder eine der Schalen haben kann. Für diejenigen, die ein bisschen sitzen kann eine volle Mahlzeit. Es gibt auch viele Leckereien wie gebratenen Mandeln Süßigkeiten! Ahh wie zu Hause.

Star verdient nach Preis: Billige! Sehr günstig!! Der Preis ist gut für die Menge des Lebensmittels und Sie sicher gehen voll. Aber sie geben euch nicht so viel Nahrung, dass es unmöglich ist, sie zu essen alle, egal wie sehr man es versucht. Die Portionen sind genau richtig und auch den Preis wert.

Star wohlverdienten für die Lebensmittel selber. Oder zumindest für den jageur schnitze mit spaetzel und Lilakraut. Ein wenig anders als das, was ich zu verwenden. Das Schnitzel war ein bisschen würzig und die Soße war nicht so sauer wie ich bin zu verwenden. Aber eigentlich ist ok Ich habe es geliebt! Es schmeckte so gut. Ehe ich mich versah hatte ich fast meine ganze Platte gegessen, bevor ich es realisiert. Es war nicht schwer. Das Schwein war dünn genug geschnitten und alles Fett entfernt wurde so schön und hell war. Welche war schön, da es mein Frühstück war.

Liebe diesen Ort!









Oh why didn't I come here sooner!!!!

Whenever I have driven down the Ave the past few months I have caught Bratz out of the corner of my eye and thought "I really need to check that place out"

Now less then a week away from moving to Japan I am glad I finally did!

So lets get down to the stars:

Star earned for location: Nice location. Even though it is kind of a basement it is very bright and comfortable. They have football on the tv and would be a great place for a group of people or just yourself or maybe a friend. 

Star earned for being German. In fact the guy who took my order is from the same time I am from in Germany! Plus they were super friendly. 

Star earned for variety. The menu is both simple but offers a wide selection. It is really designed for all kinds of different diners. Those who might need to grab and go can get a schnitzel sandwich, or a wurst. For those who have a bit more time but not a lot can get the curry wurst (eaten with the little wooden fork) or one of the bowls. For those who can sit a bit have a full meal. There is also plenty of treats including roasted candy almonds!!! Ahh just like home. 

Star earned for price: Cheap!!! Very cheap!!!! The price is good for the quantity of food and you certainly leave full. However they don't give you so much food that it is impossible to eat it all no matter how hard you try. The portions are just right and well worth the price. 

Star well earned for the food itself. Or at least for the mushroom schnitzel (jageur schnitze in Germanl) with spaetzel and purple cabbage. A little different than what I am use to. The schnitzel was a bit spicy and the sauce wasn't as sour as I am use to. But actually that is ok I loved it! It tasted so good. Before I knew it I had eaten almost my whole plate before I realized it. It wasn't heavy. The pork was cut thin enough and all the fat was removed so it was nice and light. Which was nice since it was my breakfast. 

Love this place!
Being German, we were really excited about this place coming to the neighborhood, but were disappointed. Sitting on uncomfortable wood benches, in a crowded room with the most horrible acoustics does not mean your in a German beer hall - sorry.  The people are friendly, but the beer selection is at best average, and slightly overpriced. What put it over the top for me though is the way they treat their "German specialty" food. We different kinds of food at different occasions, and besides the often mentioned truffle fries (yummy!), it was memorable only in a bad way. 

We ordered Wiesswurst for example, which is a white herb wurst, that is cooked and served whole in water. We got it cut into slices that had been grilled to death. In Bavaria you would be stoned to death for that. 

There are other places around the neighborhood were you can get good beer, decent food and still be able to hear what the other person is saying......

If you absolutely have to go, try to sit outside(on those comfy metal chairs...) and stick to the truffle fries.
This is a fun little place. The service is slow and the items kind of pricey, but they have a unique menu (blend of German, French, and American) and a great atmosphere. They have good coffee. I always end up a little disappointed though, as every time I go I expect to fall in love with this charming little cafe, but it never really happens. For me, the food has always been competent, but never exceptional.
Good beer selection with a decent happy hour on local brews. The sausages here are pretty tasty. I dig the fact that they have several different types of mustard at every table, mustard + sausage = heaven. It seems like the fries here are an eternal debate: are they good or are they not. I happen to be indifferent to them, if anything they are good to sop up the alcohol in your stomach. I do like their slaw though and I'm generally not a slaw fan. It can get kind of crowded here at night and can feel a bit cramped, if its sunny opt for the beer garden in the back. Overall a solid three stars.
i've been going to shultzy's for 11 years now and i still contend that it is the best place to get a cheese steak outside of philly! and it has the best fries and coleslaw in seattle proper--unquestionably.
Never came here until about a year ago, but I'm sold! The fries are out of this world (you can sub extra fries in place of coleslaw if you want). Even though it costs extra, I always get ranch to dip them in, although recently there have been some issues with their ranch. Sometimes it is the delicious stuff, and then occasionally it is this weird, thick, creamy mess that is sweet and tastes like the sauce for coleslaw - yuck. I always get Tim's BBQ Cheesesteak, w/o bbq sauce. The other plus about this place is their huge selection of beers (I'm not much of a beer-drinker myself) and the fact that they have three different kinds of cider. Also, their $4 margaritas on Tequila Tuesdays are fantastic (and twice the size of the $3 ones during happy hour at Atlas on Mondays).

Only once have I had a bad experience, but it was turned around in the end: I went in with a group of five friends (there is 18% included gratuity for parties of six or more). Service was incredibly slow (yes, it was a busy Friday, but that doesn't excuse a 30 minute wait for food), they didn't have bacon (which two of our meals called for) and they put peppers and onions on three of our meals (when we had asked for them to be excluded). Because of this, we didn't want to pay the 18% included gratuity. We asked to speak with the manager (who was actually our waitress), and when we explained, she immediately not only removed the 18% included gratuity, but also comp'd all of our drinks (including my friend's beer)!  It was a perfect example of great customer service, and we ended up giving the waitress a better tip because of it.

All-in-all, a fun, casual, cozy place to come with a group of friends any night!
I live on top of this place. So I go here quite often. This would have been 5 stars if it weren't for the following:

- Cash only ...ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Just to cheat on taxes, no other reason for this sh_t.
- Super loud. By the time you get out of here, you have a sore throat from having to yell for the last hour. And your ears are ringing.
- Poor brunch. They don't even have coffee; they try to serve you coffee from a pathetic machine. Cold and tasteless. I mean, if you're serving brunch, invest in a drip coffee machine, right?
- Servers tend to have attitudes and a tendency to ignore you for a while.

HOWEVER:

- Delicious beer, great selection
- Delicious food. I've tried and loved the following: Shrimp tacos, steak burger, German potato salad (out of this world), fries, pretzel, most of their sausages. 
- Nice atmosphere if you can sit outside and be away from the loudness.
i'm giving schultzy's four stars but let me qualify them.  or rather qualify the one non-star rather than two non-stars, which i almost gave it.

it's kind of weird in there, and it's always packed, usually with loud fratty toolbags, and the prices ain't cheap.  i've only tried a few things--it seems that you pretty much have to stick to the sausage, which is excellent, because anything else is of varying quality.  the chili was crazy-spicy the other day, and they don't even tell you, just wa-la, mouth-fire, and i desperately needed a side of sour cream, but the waiter was slammed and so i had to just sit there and try to take teeny bites.  which was stupid, i should have just waited, but i was hungry.

the whole bar was actually slammed, per usual--this was a wednesday night.  good luck flagging your waiter down in the event of a mouth fire, folks.

other trips:  red beans and rice was whatever.  barbecue beef sandwich was actively disappointing, bland and sauceless on a middle-school cafeteria bun.

HOWEVER.  i like the solid wooden tables and all the stuff on the walls.  i like the symmetrical paper-snowflake layout, and i appreciate what they're trying to do with the menu.  like, there are good burger ideas on there.  i don't really like beer, but i know they have acres of awesome beers, and i admit that i kind of liked the one my boyfriend gave me a sip of the other day.  

also, my boyfriend a-doors this place, and it's very cute, and so i always say yes when he wants to go to schultzy's.  he gets the cheesesteaks and likes them, and he likes listening to the frat kids cheer at the football screen. 

and i like being in there, for whatever arcane, not-understood reason.  

so i feel like i just need to do more research here.  spend some time, try more menu items; i just need to find my schultzy's jam.  i'll update you with my science-ific findings.
Heidelberg is worth the walk down to Main.  Don't waste all of your undergrad time on South U, this place is great and there are other good spots downtown as well.  This place serves up some extremely alcoholic beer.  Try the Spaten Optimator in a glass boot (for which you'll have to ante up a credit card for a $50 deposit).  The atmosphere is great though.  Good dart area, food is satisfactory, but the beer lineup, the quick, knowledge, and friendly service, and the great German beer basement/cavern atmosphere make this place worthy of 5 stars.  Highly recommended.  Boot required.
Visited. Schultz with friend before UT game. Had the bratwurst and sausage Poboy sandwich. It was very good, especially the sausage, the best I've had in a long time!! Also make sure you try the german potato salad!
This was my favorite place to eat after a long day(or long night) of working on my undergrad at UW. I'm not sure how I wandered in there the first time, but there's a lot to like here.

I usually get the Shultzy with chili and cheese. The fries are delicious, and always worthwhile. They had sweet potato fries for a while where were absolutely heavenly, but the normal ones are better than almost anywhere else's. For beer, I'll usually go with a Kostritzer Black, a particularly delicious beer that always satisfies.

Some of the lesser-known menu entries are the gumbo(which is delicious) and the pretzel, which goes swimmingly with the sweet-hot mustard. The breakfasts are also delicious, but they've been out of the breakfast burritos a couple times, so get there before they run out!
Great Beers- Hofbräu Original, Duvel Single, Krusovice, Six Point Sweet Action are my favorites

Very good food- I love the burger (with truffle fries), the smoked salmon quesidilla.  Other dishes are good as well, but nothing out of this world.

A really cool place to hang out, friends and family always enjoy it when I bring them here when they visit NY or Harlem.

I much prefer sitting at the bar because you can watch any sports on and you get a chance to talk with the bartenders (who are always friendly).  Also, the service is better at the bar.  Can get crowded and loud, especially on weekends.  Not a five stars because service can be spotty when it gets crowded and the pricing is a little on the expensive side for what you get
Bier is a great addition to the neighborhood. I like the diversity of the clientele and the beer selections. Even when it's crowded, it's not too overwhelming, and you can actually hear your friends talk. The prices are on the higher side, and I'd say most of the beers you've probably heard of, but it's super sweet with super cute bartenders.
Mmmm...pretzels with German mustard...

Not that I'm an expert after living in Germany for only 6 months, but this place is pretty close to a German imbiss.  The brats are tasty and served in the traditional small roll, the fries are thin and crispy, and the pretzels are the best I've found in Seattle (so far atleast-it is a quest).  The little restaurant is pretty much in a basement, but they've made the place clean and cheery, complete with tvs showing soccer or handball.  The service has always been friendly.  Prices are pretty good for the amount of food you get.  They even have beer now, to make your German meal complete.  Das hat geschmeckt!
Schultzy's is the best restaurant on the Ave, period. Okay, so that's damning with faint praise, but Schultzy's is a legitimately good sausage place with nice atmosphere and great beers on tap. Side dishes like french fries and cole slaw hold up their end of the bargain as well. The service is slow, but friendly enough. There's a miniscule but surprisingly nice patio in the back for use in the summer months and plenty of televisions to catch a game if one's on. Considering everything, I like this place but rarely have the time to eat there. In summary, Schultzy's is a great option for German brews and artery-clogging deliciousness, so long as you have time to spare.
The more I go to Schultzy's the more I like it. It's:
--close to campus
--got veggie burgers that don't suck
--beer
--chill staff
--open late
--beer
--"the wurst restaurant in Seattle"

What more is there to know?
Before I write a review allow me to give a little background. I am a dual citizen by birth and my mother is full German. I frequently travel to Germany to visit my family. My review will seem biased based on the fact that every German restaurant I've gone to has not been able to match the quality of good home cooked German food that my mother makes (she can make a mean schnitzel). 

Now the review:
I ordered the "Jägerschnitzel" and my girlfriend ordered the "Wienerschnitzel.". We both had a side of red cabbage and German potato salad. 

Jägerschnitzel - thinner than Amy winehouse. I think the breading is some loaf of white bread toasted and then crumbled up with a little bit of lemon juice tossed in. The schnitzel....I dunno. I'm use to thicker schnitzel. This one seemed like it was beat up then flattened with a rolling pin. The German potato salad....ehhhh I've had really good German potato salad from flying saucer(real good!). The red cabbage.....gundelsheim red cabbage is good much better than here. We also got some kind of roll which I guess wasn't bad. 

I took my girlfriend here in
Hopes of experiencing a really good full blown German restaurant but sadly this place doesn't do it for me. I have not tried anything else here but I hope the BBQ tastes good

The beer is very good. A pitcher of Spaten Optimator as it was cheaper than a pint of it. I drink nothing but imports since American "flavored water" doesn't appeal to me. (talking main stream like bud, coors, etc). 

My girlfriend said when she ate here it made her miss my mothers cooking....enough said. 

I am not discouraging anyone from eating here but I just hope they revamp their recipe A Lot.
I like the beer and food, especially the choice of sausages. The room needs better sound baffling, as it can get really loud and echo'y. For some reason a lot people bring their little kids and strollers. We've never been there at night. The tables in the main room are communal.  They have outside seating.
I'm kind of obsessing over Poland right now. I'm actually headed there this fall and decided I should give this place a shot as sort of a jumping off point. 

Muza reminds me of someone's Polish grandmother's house. In fact, much of the decor is frightening similar to items left behind by my Polish great-grandmother. The paintings are the same style as one that now hangs in my grandparents' home. So I can only assume that it smacks of authenticity in that area. After my trip to the "homeland" this fall, I'll have to report back with observations on the culinary authenticity. 

Boyfriend had the meat pierogies, which he enjoyed although he wished there was more of a sauce to go with them. I tried the "Polish vegetable salad," which turned out to be basically a potato salad-type concoction made with diced potatoes and other veggies. We Poles aren't exactly known for our haute cuisine, but as homestyle, comfort food goes, this salad was weirdly tasty. I say this as someone who really doesn't even care for mayo. 

I had the golumbkies, which I really loved. The cabbage was perfectly soft and wrap-like with no toughness to speak of. How do they get it that way? Even when I try boiling the crap out of cabbage leaves, I can't get them like this. The meat-and-tomato filling was also really tasty and the portion was large enough that I took one home. Not bad for $8. I think our total bill came to about $20 and we were both stuffed and carrying doggy bags when we left.

As previously mentioned in another review, the sole waitress is the owner's daughter and she's a doll. I chatted with her about my upcoming trip.  She's never been to P'land herself, but her parents are, in fact, from there. 

Muza isn't going to wow you or cause you to experience a mind-blowing foodgasm. That's not what it's trying to do. Think diner food, Polish style. You'll leave full and content, with barely a dent made in your wallet. And really, isn't that what you want sometimes when you go out to dinner? Sometimes I don't need bells and whistles. And apparently, sometimes I just want to feel like I'm in my ancestors' living room.
Okay, I wanted to update...  kudos to Shultzys.  They're too spicy for me sometimes but they keep a good bunch of beers on tap to help out with that.  
The bartender, while nice enough is an annoying bullshitter... but the rest of the staff is great.  

PS I love that the serve the beers in the correctly branded glass... so anal, but its a detail that amuses me.
-used to be a regular hangout for Biology grad students 
-recently expanded seating
-decent small patio
-good slaw and sausages
-ok beers
-service is usually pretty good, but it can be variable with big groups.

Order the ironic burger...veggie patty with bacon.  Delicious.
I recently had a craving for sausages and this was the only place my girlfriend and I could find that wasn't packed (on a Friday night).  While they do provide a wide variety of sausages the food is really unsatisfying.  If you want a quick bite and a beer this is a decent place and it's certainly a step up from, say, a hot dog stand but I wouldn't recommend it if you enjoy a good bratwurst.
Went for lunch. Ordered African peanut soup and a salami sandwich. Both were good. BF was less impressed with his schnitzel, he thought the portion size was too small but thought it tasted ok. Would like to try dinner, maybe do a big German meal. Not sure if I can get him to go back, however. A little pricey for meal size. He was still hungry after lunch.
I too am a former employee from Shultzy's.  I was a customer prior to being an employee.  I have returned many times over the years and will continue to support the business.  

I can say that there is always something on the menu for everyone.  You say you 'don't like sausage', well then you should have some red beans and rice.  Or some gumbo always hits the spot.  I am not sure if they still have it on the menu, but if you haven't had a 'bubba slaw' be sure to ask for one. 

I agree that the zany staff that worked there in the past really gave it the personallity I still remember and love. I am headed there this weekend and I can hardly wait.
I do love Schultzy's and have had nearly everything on the menu over the past 10 years. Last summer I would have eagerly awarded five stars for value, decent (though not extraordinary) service and beer selection.

The last few visits have been marred by reeeeeally slow service though. What gives? There were about a half-dozen other tables today when we showed up midafternoon (a Sunday) and it took 30 minutes for two sandwiches. (!) Kinda bizarre!
Beer menu always kicks a**, so if you're having a pint or two, it's not a big deal to wait but shoot, I'll savor a beer AFTER dinner just as easily as before. 
The slaw portions are about half what the were a few months ago. Now served in a teensy metal cup. It might *might* be three ounces. How expensive is slaw, anyhow?
The fries are still fantastic and the red beans and rice are great, too. 
The omnipresent flat-screens are L-A-M-E. You want to watch people exercise? Stay at home! German bier halls are all about making friends with your neighbors. The addition of the TVs is a letdown.
I am grateful that there are rarely families/kids or frat boys here. Unlike some reviewers, I think the food is priced right. You get what you pay for and the sausages are made right there.
DAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSS BOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!

Ok, maybe I'm too childish, but I love this bar. I've actually never eaten any food at the Heidelberg before, but why would you, when you can indulge in a 2 liter boot of beer? 

Yes, it may be clique after beerfest the movie to drink beer out of a boot, but don't bash it til' you try it, cus its pretty darn fun! I often find myself there on the weekends on one of the middle stops of our drinking tours of A2, and it never disappoints. 

One thing that is totally amazing is the non-smoking ban. I went there one weekend night, and I'm pretty sure my susceptibility to acquiring lung cancer went up about 25%; it was really bad. Granted, you kind of have to expect a little bit of smoke when you go to a bar; well, at least used to, but this was ridankulous. I don't think it helped that we were in a brick lined basement that had zero ventilation. 

Other than the boots, the Heidelberg offers a change of pace from the other bars in A2; its really cool in the basement, and they usually always have tunes going on the juke box. 

If you plan to go check it out, you'll probably see me there; I'll probably be half-way to drunk and all the way to having an awesome fricken time.
Great food! Cheesesteak sandwich had some spice - spice is nice! I'm a bit spicy myself... Good fries too. Excellent service and value for the price. Was there on lunch so had to wait on trying the beers. I'll drink the taps dry on my next visit!
I've been here several times for lunch and after work. The food and service is consistently good. Their menu is made up mainly of just about any kind of hot sandwich you can think of. They have sausage, but they also have chicken, beef, etc. I think they have some beans and rice and chili, too. The fries are thin and crispy. Good stuff all around.

As a bar, it's quite clean and comfortable, with a lot of drink choices and good specials each night. I'm not sure what the low rated reviews are about. I do think the yelp reviews of U district places tend to be a little off. This is one of the nicer places in the U district.
I'm not a beer drinker, nor did I try any of the beers, so take this review with that in mind.

Food was just okay, and over-priced considering the small portions. Restaurant was incredibly loud and had trouble hearing my friends that were sitting right next to me. Cash only. 

Servers were very nice and accommodating, but I won't be going back.
Good sausage, but a little bland.  Next time I want to try the sausage burger.

I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty quiet, which was nice.  They have a fantastic beer selection.  I want to visit this place again.

Good service, clean, and no complaints.
Great atmosphere. Loved the setting. Went on a Saturday night, the DJ gave the place a club-type feel (which I personally enjoyed). Definitely not your typical sports bar. Most appropriate for the college student age range. Overall, I'd without a doubt go back again.
This is a comfortable place with the feeling of a favorite hang-out bar. The mix of old wood furniture and dimmer light gives it a relaxed vibe that's easy to get into.
The staff is friendly and attentive and are happy to offer recommendations for specials or good drinks. The food took a little while to be delivered but it was easy to relax and enjoy the wait, especially if you like people-watching. 
I had the chicken sandwich which was just the right sized portion for someone with a mid-weight appetite. The chicken was tender and juicy, the lettuce was crisp and the bread was fresh. Their signature crispy fires were crunchy and heavily seasoned, delicious but would definitely be a bit of a challenge without a drink. 
The sparkling lemonade is especially good! Bubbly and fizzy and the perfect combo of sweet-and-tart. 
It's a little pricey but you pay for your quality here.
Simply delicious. My husband and I used to frequent this place often when we were going to college, and just dating. The french fries are delicious, the selction of mustards: awesome. They also serve Spaten beer, which my FIL was very happy about. We try to stop by every time we are in Seattle!
The German Almonds and my heated homemade German pretzel were delicious. 

The little restaurant shop is a walk up window with no seating, but provides an area to stand in. The menu looked really tempting with all sorts of interesting sounding sandwiches (pork cutlet with mushrooms anyone?), but I went with the pretzel due to a time crunch. 

The pretzel was ready in under 5 minutes. There was mustards and ketchup available for using as toppings. 

I am curious about how the German food tastes at this quaint restaurant, and encouraged by the quality of the pretzel I ordered, so I have a feeling I will be back. 

FYI's~ 
* There are a few benches on the sidewalk that are available to sit and eat your takeout 
* The food is typically all under $5 al carte 
* The German almonds are savory sweet
I must have been grumpy when I wrote my previous review; I've been back to BI a couple of times since writing it, and I've had pretty good experiences. I stand by my comments about the German-centric focus of the beer list. And the food is very German-oriented as well, and thus not very vegetarian-friendly. They do serve an awesome slice of cheesecake, though. And the service was better my last two visits. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place, but it was nice having it around the corner from my apartment for two months.
Tried to take my family there on a Friday before a holiday weekend...and they were closed. I will call ahead next time.
Great food, friendly people, good value for the price. I love going here! The owner is very nice and helpful :)
We were meeting friends here before a Longhorn basketball game and it was packed.  I thought getting there an hour and half before tip off would be enough time and it was, barely!  

It has some inside seating, but I think the place to be is the outside patio.  It was pretty cool, but hard to find seating for my group. 

The food was good.  I had the nachos.  They are the type of nachos that each chip is covered and baked so every piece is full of yummy goodness.  This means they are all the same, not as messy, and there are fewer of them, which I actually like.  The food did take a while to come out, the waiter had to check on it two or three times for us, but she was pretty attentive.
Well, Schultzy's is one of those places I like a lot more than the place deserves. The sausages are good, and the beers are tasty, and yet, this is so often a hit or miss experience. 

The foods here are expensive, so unless you're dying to have a sausage for lunch, wait until happy hour for $5 food deals. Happy-hour beers are non-existent, unless you count the "special of the day," which is $1 off. Not exactly a "happy-hour" place in my book. Having said that, I find myself coming back here way too often, mainly because I really, really, really like the Hefeweizen beers they carry. 

Service is very iffy. Depending on the staff's personality and the number of hungry patrons in the restaurant, you might get help from three servers within 5 minutes, or you can wait your pretty heart for 30 minutes without being offered any food or drink. I really like it here. I come here quite often. I actually don't mind the inconsistent service anymore. But to be honest, I've never seen such a high turn-around rate at any restaurant before. Every time I look around, there's someone new on their staff.
Very cool history in this place. Great food, great beer, great service.

Kristen was my server she was very busy yet our drinks and food came out in a timely manner. The manager honored the foursquare discount! 

I will be back!
This was my GO-TO spot when I lived in the U-District.  The best German food you'll find in America. The folks that run it are super nice and the food is great, authentic, and affordable.  Brats are excellent and the schnitzel: superb.  If you're in the district, you're cheating yourself if you don't check out this place.
I'm a big fan of sausage, especially loaded with onions and mustard! The prices here are very good, plus they have a really good happy hour with cheap beer. Another good thing about Shultzy's is that they make this really spicy homeade gumbo that honestly, is the best thing on the menu!
I have been a fan of Shultzy's for a very long time...I am one of those pre-expansion customers...my favorite dish is the mushroom burger! Yum!

Okay, I am giving them 4 stars because I love love love the food. Everyone who has reviewed this place in the last few months are dead on about the service. Just the service gets 1 star and I am being nice!  The last time I went  to eat, I had a server who decided watching a football game on TV was more important than..I don't know...doing his job. We saw him once, when he took our order and that was it! I ended up writing on the back of my receipt how disappointed I was with his service and that while this place was my favorite, I might stop coming here solely because of the terrible service!!

Great food though and my favorite place to hit before a husky football or basketball game.
One of the best places in the University district. They also claim to have the world's best french fries. I have to agree they were great.
Last Saturday this was our second stop for the night, very cool/laid back vibe. Had an outdoor seating which is always a great thing to have on a nice summer night. Great imported beer selection......wait! Who am I kidding??!?! LOL Honestly, I've never been a beer drinker, so I really don't know much about beer, however I do know that I didn't see any of the usual/common names on the beer menu....safe to assume.....imported! But I have recently tried a few beers that I actually liked. And I did find a new one here that I really liked too (forgot the name....oops!). Will definitely be coming back. Great place to chill with friends, they have a pretty decent food menu as well. Great place to hang out post dinner or just the chill the evening away.
4 Stars - good food, fun environment, perfect decor, great location
-1 Star - Takes a really long time to get your food.

Get the Shultzy or something sausage that's unique. :)
This place will have you singing in German while dressed in lederhosen and dancing the polka. Sausage burgers are just what my stomach needed on a cold, wet Seattle autumn day. Some relish and mustard and a pint of Guinness completed the picture (no, I didn't put on the lederhosen). Schultzy's puts a nice spin on the traditional burger with a great tasting homemade sausage blend and the fries are just greasy enough to help it all slide down.
No service, no stars deserved but one seems to be the default.

Went to meet friends for dinner - we got there first, sat at the bar for at least 10 minutes. It was busy. However, they definitely saw us there, but ignored us. Proof? Friend sat down beside me and got a menu INSTANTLY. We are all of different races... is it relevant to say that there was no one else there that looked like me? I don't know.

We turned our backs on the bar to scout out tables since it was so chaotic and no one seemed to have a list going. After two minutes we were asked very rudely to get off our stools so that two people who had just arrived could sit there and order dinner despite the fact that there were tables available for two. We were not even offered the option of ordering drinks so that we could stay. 

The manager was extremely rude. When told about the earlier refusal of service, blamed us. A little common courtesy (like the word "please") would have made being asked to get up a little less jarring.

In any case, deafeningly loud--so loud you can't hear the person next to you. Enjoy it if you can, not worth it in my opinion. We enjoyed our dinner at Chocolat--just up a few blocks.
Love the German sausage! Love it even more when it's super delicious and spicy!!! The currywurst is awesome!

Went with some German friends and they say that this place is legit. The owners/chefs are from Germany and really know their stuff. 

It's located "under" Cedars one block off University Way on 50th. They have communal seating like in German pubs and they have soccer playing on the TVs. They also have good German beers to add to the merriment. :-) Can't wait to go back! I will definitely be back sooner than later! Yum!!!
Came before a Husky Basketball game last week. Lucky for me it was also Thursday night football so extended happy hour. The Happy hour was pretty good. Great beers for $4-$5 and if you get drinks the happy hour food is only $5. I had the wings with the hot dipping sauce. It was wonderful. Just like hot wings but the wings aren't drenched in the sauce so they stay crispy!

Tried the curry wurst. I would skip that the next visit and stick to the wings and the Philly!
Interesting little restaurant. As others have noted, it's more like a converted house than anything else. The chef (possibly owner?) seems like a hearty man, came out to meet us as soon as we walked in even though they were rather busy. The waitress was likewise quite nice. 

The food was good, although it was a bit different than I'd expected. I had the beef strogonaf (with noodles and creamy carrots) but the sauce was just a little bit sour which was not what I had expected (I chalk this up to having only ever had bastardized American influenced food!) My friend let me try a bite of his chicken marsala and that was amazingly good (will definitely be having that sometime). The creamy carrots were surprisingly light, they don't have that heavy feeling that usually comes with cream. 

Based on what others have written, I think I'll have to try the Polish Sampler next time.

Overall, fun family run place. Will definitely be going more often once the city finishes construction on Congress Street. 

Keep in mind it's quite small. Unless there was another half that we didn't see, I think you'll struggle to fit more than a party of 8 together. They have seating for 20-30 but it's spread out in several different rooms/areas.
This place is my new hang out in A2... not that I come here to eat or drink but to play Poker... they have a charity room upstairs and even though I have lost a bunch of money here ( for which I take some responsibility  and rest of it blame on arses who come to play without having a clear clue of what Poker and Bingo is ...  :D ), I would have good things to say about it... 

they always have good service  with good beers and alcohol at the bar... I have not tried a lot of food here, but they have good food selection along with some awesome deals of $3 late night burgers etc... I usually see a bunch of people hang out in the restaurant no matter what day of the week... so my gauge would be that the service and food downstairs must be good enough for people return... overall, it is a cool place to hang out...
Three of us were here for drinks on a Wednesday night. The beer list was great. While we did not eat, both the brunch and dinner menus looked delicious and were reasonably priced.

Sadly I will not return to Bier International because the service was so awful. It's a shame because I think the brunch looks really nice.
This place is a great summer destination for lunch & happy hour. I often meet up with friends here after work where we catch a .5L or two and some food on the nice outside patio/deck. 

Decent service, pretty good German beer list, standard happy hour food menu (I usually order off the main menu which is much better quality & variety). The food itself is m'eh. I really only enjoy this place for its patio and location on the ave.

As with most bars on the ave... this place tends to suck once school starts up.
The third star is for the biergarten, which is actually pretty cool, especially when there's a band. The BBQ is very average, as are the sides. Prices are a bit high for what you get, and cokes and tea are $2 (also high).

The ribs were pretty good, I've learned not to order the brisket because it's always cold. I don't know how that even happens, but it's wrong.

There are much better places to get BBQ in and around Austin, but the location is great and on a cool evening, the biergarten is wonderful.

P.S. not enough TVs to be a passable sportsbar.
Good beers both on tap and in the bottle for the beer lover to sample, they also serve beers in the big glass boots which is a fun touch. They keep the music pretty loud which is fine for a SAT night night of drinking but for a quiet Sunday night meal you dont want to have to yell to hear yourself.

The food is just not very good even by simple bar food standards. We had the mixed greens salad (which was decent but anyone can make it), the empanadas were foul...one was cod but not made with fresh cod but one of those frozen fish packs that are often used to build a base for fish soup...the other was sundried tomato and goat cheese which sounds good in theory but was just gross. The truffled fries were just overdone, the fries were a little soggy, topped with Parmesan chunks and black truffles...the problem was that the cheese was all clumped together in the middle in a semi-melted mass and while I adore truffles they overdid it here, too pungent and overpowering, they would have been better off with a lighter touch (like sprinkling them with truffle salt maybe). Overall I was very disappointed, I really wanted to like this place
This place is approximately 50 feet from my apartment and a great neighborhood bar. The patio is fantastic when nice out, and I've also always had fun just hanging out at the bar.  I've never had the food, but companions have said good things. 

If they took credit cards, I'd give them 5 stars.
Om nom nom nom nom.  That is the sound of me devouring a delicious brat! They have white (pork) and red (pork and beef).  We tried both and I decided I prefer the red; it has more of the traditional bratwurst flavor I adore, and went better with the sauerkraut and spicy mustard.  They are a bit messy to go with the kraut and mustard but the have a couple benches and stand up tables where you can park it and consume your delicious sausage.  I am looking forward to returning and trying the schnitzel!
Well, my review will be a little weird. I went there at 3pm so it was a little early for beer (I needed to head back to work afterwords), therefore I didn't get the chance to review that half. But, I did have a delicious "Hot Italian" sandwich with very nice fries. The fries were pretty much the exact way I like them: thin, crispy, a little greasy but not overly so.

The food was a tad pricey for what it was, honestly, but I guess part of that is just the convenience of being right there. I think it's solidly in the 3 to 4 star range, and I might as well round up
I only have good things to say about this spot. It's a quaint, family-run restaurant with delicious food.

Their perogies, sauerkraut, potato pancakes, and red cabbage are amazing. 

The employees are very friendly and accommodating.

My friends tell me they have a good beer list, and they have at least one wine that I like.

It's a place that I can't get to often enough. I'm never disappointed, and always filled and happy.
A fun little spot on the new 'restaurant row' of northern 8th ave.   The food is good... great beer selection, and the staff is friendly.  I WISH they accepted Credit cards..... as I would be more inclined to visit more often.  

Overall, a solid spot, and i will be back!!
Great beer selection, great late menu, and the staff is always friendly and goodlooking!!  ;)  Just wish I could get in there earlier to try the full menu...
This place is stellar.  The schnitzel cordon bleu is delicious!  I don't think I've ever got anything different.  I always order it with a big pile of that delicious pickled cabbage.  They now have a nice selection of bottled German beers.  My husband likes the Jever and I always get the Radeberger.  They are both good!  The pretzels are amazing baked fresh right there.  I almost always order one when I'm half-done with my dinner and it is piping hot and ready for me to have for desert!  The curry mustard that it comes with is fantastic!  I do NOT like mustard (ask my husband) but this stuff is so good and it goes wonderfully with their pretzel (with extra salt)... and beer... oh now I'm hungry!
Good German food! Great place for a family meal. Not a good date spot. I've never been upstairs.
Wow, the cheeseburger here is amazing! I was debating on the cheese steak or the cheeseburger but I'm happy about my decision. I'm def going to order the cheese steak the next time I come back though! Anyway, back to this cheeseburger... There was a bit of pink in the meat but that's what made it more juicy and delicious. The soft bun and thick cheddar cheese collaborated perfectly with the tender meat not to mention the crispy hot, skinny fries! This cheeseburger made a great item with my beer. 

This place is very lively and there are a lot of loud voices all throughout. It isn't a spot for a romantic, quiet dinner but it's a fun, easy going pub.

I'm coming back here for sure!
I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch today at Muza and will be back! My boyfriend and I enjoyed meals off the lunch special menu, I had pierogi, braised short ribs and sauteed cabbage, he had german potato salad and fish fry. We both enjoyed our meals and plan on returning. The fried fish filet was actually served on top of a green salad, which was a nice change of pace from the usual greasy fries, and it was very crispy. My pork ribs were moist and tender, and the pieogi were steamed and topped with delicious sauteed onions. Next time, I'll try the potato pancakes and possibly the fried pieorgi.
I definitely like the beer selection here and they have a distinct menu that stands out in Harlem. 

The truffle fries are decent, but not nearly as good as they smell (and they will leave your clothes smelling funky). 

My main complaints with this place are: 1) seating can be tight, 2) it's expensive for being in Harlem, 3) as a result of number two, and the attitude of the owner or manager that hangs out around the place, the place has a snooty feel that doesn't belong in the hood (even a heavily gentrified area), 4) it's hard to interact with anyone who isn't part of your group, so it's lacks a social atmosphere. 

Still, I go back from time to time for the beer, and because it's a much better alternative to Harlem Tavern (where the service sucks!).
I love Schultzy's for its beer selection as well as food selection.  Many places have good beer variety from Germany/ Belgium, etc etc, many places also have good food to go with beer, but Schultzy's is one of the few that combines the 2!  I also love their long hours (few restaurants serve food after 9) and specials of the day.

My absolute favorite from this place is definitely their chili cheese fries.  AWESOME CHILI CHEESE ON AWESOME FRIES IS AWESOME.  and I get to have Spaten?  This place is a no-brainer.  o and their crunchy wings are awesome too.

Best time to go is after 10 pm for their late night HH menu - cheap and effective.
Just thought I'd be review number whatever to tell you the babes here are hot! So hot! You'll leave with burns right to your eyes! That's how hot they are! Did I mention the babes were hot? 

The owner will also suggest beer for you! Got it? The guy who owns the place will actually suggest beer for you! 

And the food? It's the food of the brewery Gods!

BTW the babes are hot!

If I had kids I would rename them Broadway and Brew!
Good, not great, food from a walk-up-and-order type place.  They have a selection of German sandwiches and entrees (for dinner).  I got an asparagus onion panini, which was just... okay.  My order got messed up, and I didn't get sweet potato fries like i asked, but that wasn't a big deal because the fries were good.  Service was sort of... German, I guess, in that they seemed a bit somber.  

Overall, an alright place, but nothing to write home about.
If you like beer, meat, fun crowds and football, this is where you should be during UT games. Tons of outdoor benches and even a side room with rows of chairs and the game on a huge projector screen. Almost impossible to not find a seat if you are looking for one.

It does get really crowded on game days and it is hard to get a beer. However on regular days the beer is cold and the food is hot.  If you are looking for a fun, casual place downtown where you can actually find a parking spot and not see 18 year olds dancing on a bar, this is a great place to go.
This place still rules, per my old review. But, heads up, breakfast is no more. I used to love the full breakfasts, then just the breakfast burritos, but now nothing! Hopefully they bring it back for the next big soccer tournament because this is the place to be in the U-District come early morning soccer time.
My roommate and I have been coming here once a week for two years. It is our absolute favorite place in the U District. Don't waste your time at any other restaurant in the area. I have had everything on the menu and I am pleased to say, their schnitzel and currywurst brings me back to the days I visited Berlin. The beer selection and really delicious pomme frites are a definite plus.
Overpriced and small portions of food. Wanted to like it, but the beer selection is really not that great. The food was all tiny portions. The bratwurst dinner looked like maybe 1/3 of a sausage sliced up with less than a cup of sauerkraut on the side. The meat and cheese tray had tiny portions of so-so cheese and maybe four slices of sausage and four slices of salami, and three grapes. Happy hour is really only $2 off beers that are $7 or less regular price, and no happy-hour food discounts. What? Pretty ridiculous. There are plenty of better options. Unless they have live music on the night you are going or some other special, I'd look elsewhere. Oh, and they are cash-only. Seriously?
I used to work on 115th & Lenox 5 years back and boy has it changed. I was pretty stoked walking down FD to find a bike shop (woo hoo!) and some more diverse fare, but I guess I've been living/working up-up-uptown to notice the insane change in this neighborhood in just a few years...

But this is a review about Bier International. My friend had been several times, and myself a fan of Astoria Beer Garden, was thrilled to hear there was one that didn't require me to jump the M60 over to *gasp* Queens. I figured a Saturday evening, looking forward to some communal tables to perhaps meet some other folk, was going to be delightful. 

I love kids. Don't get me wrong. Call me a monster, but we were seated in between two different couples with toddlers under 2 years old and it... sucked. At 8pm on a Saturday night at a beer garden. I'd love to think when I am older and have kids that I'd still be able to go and grab a few pints with the friends here and there. And I'd hire a babysitter so that myself, and the people around me, would enjoy their Saturday evening. The kids weren't obnoxious, but it definitely taints the vibe here. Needless to say, I had a few bites to eat, two pints and was on my way out. I was not alone in feeling this way as I overheard several people outside chatting who had the same sentiments. 

Really? 8pm on a Saturday night out at a BEER garden ordering apple juice? Not good for business or those who want to chat about whatever without getting nasty looks.

As mentioned earlier, parm fries with truffle oil a delight. Empanadas were... meh. But the beer in the individualized mugs were a nice touch and the waitstaff were friendly, though clearly annoyed by the high % of toddlers in the room, too. 

Doesn't have to be war, but can't the 20/30 somethings w/o kids claim this after 8pm? I mean US kids, not your kids.

Not sure I'll be back. I've heard toddler sightings are not rare even past 10pm.
This hole-in-the-wall serves authentic German fast food.  I've tried nothing but the schnitzel (both the wiener schnitzel and the hunter mushroom schnitzel) -- pounded-thin filets of pork that are lightly breaded, deep-fried, and served in a fresh-made round roll.  Squeeze some lemon juice on top and you have a cheap ($5) delicious sandwich.  The hunter mushroom schnitzel is similar, except that the filets are dipped in a brown gravy with some mushrooms on top.

They have brats, as well, but I haven't tried them yet because I like the schnitzel so much.

(I just wish they served beer.)
Came here for drinks. Came here with a girlfriend.

Drinks - Great for beer. Boots are awesome. 2L is a crap load of beer.
Food - Not a great conisseur of german food but I loved it, and i got something german!
Atmosphere - Loved it.
A great location and a great setup. The indoor seating smells so much of fried food that I ate outside, though it was 100 degrees. My friend and I were late in joining some friends. Unfortunately, when we got there, our friends were leaving. Fortunately, their food arrived and they couldn't stay to eat it. Because of this, I can't tell you anything about the menu or service. However, I can tell you the food was good. We shared a garden burger and a pork cutlet. The sides were fine. The fries could've been a bit more cooked. The beer was great. This is Texas food.
super good fries!!!
3.99$ half liter special every day. 
i had the hoegaarden.. 
mmm i love my half a litre o' hoe for 4 bucks.

and their service has always been awesome, never had a bad experience with that there.

and their sausages are good too, but their fries are the best.
i would only go here to drink beer though.. cuz their food is a tad more expensive than i'd like my ave food to be.
John fell in love with Schultzy's back when he was in grad school at the UW, when the entire establishment would have fit in my old Toyota Tercel. Since then we've watched it grow and change, and we've continued to quest this Bavarian bliss even as our location in the city changes. One of the best changes is that there is now a full bar. A good autumn day turns fabulous with a nip of bourbon, a bowl of Shultzy's chili (my favorite!), and an El Diablo link.
Went out for lunch with some friends visiting from NY and Seattle.  Wanted to show them an authentic Austin establishment.  The food was very good.  The service was good.  They did forget to serve one of us, but brought the food right out when asked.  They just missed one.  Everything got BBQ, which was good, not disappointing, but not outstanding.  Everyone loved the character of the place.
Being a person of polish decent and growing up with a polish grandmother who cooked everything from scratch. i was generally happy to find a good old fashion European place that cooks almost like grandma. The place is small and parking is street and tight. Me and my companion both had a Stella and Polish Sampler Plate of (2) pierogies, (2) stuffed cabbage, and (2) potato pancakes. Everything was good, the pierogies were boiled but you can get them pan fried and i high suggested that, the stuff cabbage (Golombkis) was filled with pork, beef, and rice wrapped in cabbage leaf, topped with tomato sauce, they were tender and moist, the potato pancakes had very little to no flavor but that's the nature of the beast. The waitress was a fresh faced young lady that was sweet and attentive also can go from English to polish in a hot second. I would defenity recommend this place to my family and friends that miss old world cooking,
Love the schnitzel. red cabbage, and spaetzle bowls. Love the new little indoor dining room. They'll be seeing more of me this winter!!
La Gourmandise reminds me of Apple Jacks, in that it doesn't taste like apple - er, I mean, in that it's not a French bistro, even though the name is French.  You know what I'm saying.

My boyfriend and I stopped in for brunch this morning.  First impressions: cute German and French-themed murals on the walls, colorful decor, making the most out of an old space.  I liked it, although the lighting was a little too dim for 10:45 AM.  We struggled to read the menu written in faded colored chalk on a blackboard high above the counter; I eventually had to grab a takeout menu just so I could read without trouble.  Just a small nitpicky thing, but it was annoying.  The restaurant is kind of no-frills since you pay by cashier, get your own silverware, and bus your own table, but I kinda like that.  An employee does bring your food out to your table, which is also nice.

I got the Eggs Benedict, which was only okay due to the mediocre hollandaise sauce.  I didn't taste any lemon juice or cayenne pepper, so it was a little bland.  Sad trombone.  My boyfriend's House Scramble, however, was simple but good: scrambled eggs on toast, topped with smoked salmon and fresh dill, mmm.

Overall, I wasn't blown away, but I would like to come back.  The pictures of their schnitzel dishes on their FB page look delish!
I probably go here about once a month with my family (wife and daughter).  Best kept secret is that they have great cheeseburgers.  Obviously, great sausages.  I like the spicy one they call something like El Diablo.  It is sort of a mexican sausage presentation.  Margaritas suck here.  I try them annually and then go back to beer.  Trivia night is well attended.  Fries are delicious.  They used to have really good baked beans, but they pulled them off the menue a couple of years ago.  Great choice for cheap eats on the Ave.
I am a huge huge huge sauerkraut fan.  So I had high hopes because I had heard so many good things about this place.  I ended up getting the bratwurst plate which comes with german potato salad, a fresh made pretzel, a bratwurst and sauerkraut.  I was highly disappointed.  The pretzel was probably the best part of the meal although it didn't come with any sort of dipping sauce.  

The bratwurst was dry and not very flavorful and the sauerkraut was not very good at all.  The potato salad was interesting but decent.  I can honestly say that I have no desire to go back to this place.
I was here for dinner at the Schenke Restaurant in the basement during Oktoberfest. The decor and furniture though not fancy is authentic and has a German feel to it. The servers and staff were in dirndl dresses and were very polite and warm. The buffet hall had pretty good service and the food although had very limited variety was delicious. The pork schnitzel was tender on the inside and crispy outside. The sausages were to die for. The constant flow of beer was personally appreciated and I enjoyed the apple strudel for desert was perfect. And we got a surprise shot of schnapps at the end of it all. A good experience although I am not sure if I'll make this a regular thing.
A Biergarten in Harlem YES! I love this place.  Without a doubt our new summer random night/afternoon hangout spot.  Great beer selection and AWESOME Parmesan-truffle oil fries.  You must try the fries!!!

I'm in love with their strawberry beer! It's so delicious and sweet.  The Raspberry beer is very good too.  I will be back many times this summer :).
Not much ambiance or decor, but the beer list is fantastic.  I will be a regular.
I got the red braut and pretzel. The braut was so tang tasty that really it didn't need the mustard and katsup I put on it. the little roll that was hugging it was so nice and chewy, not hard at all. And the pretzel? BEST DAMN PRETZEL! Again like the roll nice and chewy but not hard, just the right amount of salt and warm! I so can't wait till I can get another braut and pretzel in my tummy!
I love German beer, and this is where I discovered Kostritzer, a delicious chocolately-looking pilsner that goes well with everything.  Sorry America, but most of your stuff is crap.  If I want to taste my beer, I go to a place that serves the German stuff.  (Incidentally, if you go to Germany, beer is cheaper than bottled water.  It shows just how serious they are.)

Shultzy's also has cheese steaks and all manner of other meaty treats to go with that beer.  The fries are too salty ... I don't know why they're so popular, but the cole slaw is surprisingly tasty given that I don't normally care for it.  You have the option of dumping the slaw for a second helping of fries, but even a single portion is enormous.

One quirk about Shultzy's is that they have a huge menu with a lot of potential for modification:  just look at the list of extras on the back.  As far as dessert, don't bother.  I've tried the Wundessert before, and it was pitifully small.  I find it hard to believe that they recommend sharing it, and it wasn't even very good.  Breakfast is also so-so.  I've only tried the breakfast burritos, but you should really go to Agua Verde for those.  (Don't go to AV for anything else, though.  I think their breakfast burritos are their only redeeming quality.)

Given that the food is a bit salty and on the expensive side, it may seem that Shultzy's deserves four stars, but I'm a firm believer in grading within context.  There are few places on the Ave at which you should feel safe eating without up-to-date health insurance.  For that matter, there are some places were I wouldn't even want to inhale as I pass by.  The food and beer at Shultzy's is actually good despite the few caveats, the atmosphere is well-lit and fun, the patio in the alley is amazing, and the service is hard to beat.  I've actually gone with a party of 10 before, and we all managed to get separate checks even though we didn't tell the waitress until the end.  Maybe they just put it into the register like that from the beginning, but the fact they plan ahead like that is impressive.
Great place to unwind and grab a beer and a bite after work. Music is not too loud, staff is extremely courteous and polite, and the ambience is great. Not too mention the beer selection is not something you'll find at a fratty bar in Murray Hill. A definite must see if you're on the UWS.
Good food, good beer
What I great place to get something a little different to eat.  I had the Currywurst, and a large side order of fries.  They also have "Wolters" beer.....now how can it get better than that!
Extensive beer list, great place to go on a nice day and relax.  We all ordered food, the menu is small and simple.  Everything was delicious, my club sandwich was especially good.  Definitely worth a trip.
An Austin legend and institution, like Willie, Stevie Ray, Earl, Darrell, Clifford, Lance, Walter, Farrah, Janis, Lady Bird, Ricky and Vince.

Pre-games in the biergarten (pretty goddam accurate reproduction of an ACTUAL German biergarten BTW) are a myriad of home and visiting fans who are always, always convivial, of not downright jovial with one another, breaking their arms to pat each other on the backs.  

There are some great items to munch on -- personal favorite of mine are the sausages -- and though the beer lines MAY seem intimidating on gamedays, Scholz has got their system down so freakin well that you are being served by the time you feel the need to cross your arms in disgust while in the queue.  

Historic and iconic, Sholz was here long before I ever was, and will remain long after I have gone.
Excellent happy hour prices for liter beers. The burgers are great, loaded with all sorts of unhealthy, artery clogging goodness. The fries are cooked to a nice crisp texture on the outside and are salted pretty heavily. Very casual atmosphere, friendly staff. Highly recommended.
Pretty nice spot with a good selection of beers, and good food.  The service was really fast, and it's a great spot to grab a few beers for the evening.
I went here expecting delicious Sausages... maybe I'm crazy?

The beer selection was decent, and I enjoyed that. The food was just not great at all and seemed over priced.

It wasn't that busy but the service was poor. The waiter got to the point where i think he was avoiding us because he knew he had lost all hope at a tip.
A brand new bratwurst place, tucked away under Cedars in the U District. The menu is small but wordy; it may take you a moment to figure out what's what. Bratz is basically a hot dog -- excuse me, bratwurst -- stand: the menu consists of four or five items in various combinations. There's no seating; you can get your food packed to go, or in a napkin to eat as you walk.

Over the course of a couple of visits, I tried the red bratwurst, the wiener schnitzel, and the seasoned fries. Both the bratwurst and schnitzel came in small, chewy bread rolls. They were juicy enough to stand on their own without condiments, but I added some mustard to the bratwurst. (Alas, it turned out to be the standard, mild, yellow stuff.) The fries were thin, crispy, and heavily seasoned: tasty enough, but not particularly potatoey. Designed to be drowned in ketchup. A single order of fries was a massive amount of food -- I ate maybe a third of the box before I ran out of schnitzel. (Schnitzel, incidentally, is a fun word to say. Schnitzel schnitzel schnitzel.)

I shall probably be back, but not often. Bratz is a couple of dollars pricier than the other arteriosclerosis shops I frequent. The fare is better than much of the other fast food in the vicinity, but it's still fast food.

UPDATE:
OK, they do have actual mustard after all. It's entirely possible that they had it all along, and I didn't notice.

Both sausages are worth trying, but I think the red has the edge. I'm not a giant fan of the special, with chopped up brats and sauce on potatoes. Nothing wrong with it, but the sauce isn't all that interesting.

Still, I find myself stopping by for a brat or schnitzel often enough that I think I can justify a fourth star.
I don't even drink beer (allergic, so sad), and I still like going here. The wine list is fine and the menu (served until 11pm) is perfect for small but substantial bar food. (Parmesan truffle fries, mm.) It's a good neighborhood place to sit at the bar and chat. The bartenders are great. Nice variety of people hanging out there. I'm interested in returning for brunch..
*Loved* Bier International - tasty food (including interesting sausages, steak and empanadas), great beer, good prices. No high chairs, but pretty toddler-friendly as long as your kid doesn't mind a lively crowd.

We will be back.
DO NOT order German food here.  The original owner of German descent is long gone. Find your German fare in New Braunfels.

Go for the beer, people watching before or after a UT game (any sport will do) and the culture. Scholz's has been around almost as long as God.  The Wurst Band sometimes plays on a Thursday night and you might just see Coach Royal, Coach Brown, Bill Clinton or some other so called celebrity. 

Sit in the Bier Garten but watch out for large flying cockroaches at night (I think we like to call them giant tree bugs but they are freaking cockroaches living in trees). Years ago, one leaped into my hair and I spilled a full pitcher of beer trying to get it out screaming all the while.  A very nice male waiter came to my rescue since my girl group was useless for the job.  

Park in any of the state garages or lots close by after 6:00 p.m.

Enjoy.
Great place, Good selection of beers, the stake and fries is great.  Good vibe  and the staff is super friendly. Kids are welcome. Happy to have it in the neighborhood. It would be great if in the future they accept credit cards.
Visited Heidelberg for lunch with my father yesterday.  They are great for lunch and away from the hussle of downtown.  You can slow down, read a book while having a really great meal. 

I love Mike's burger and the Copenhagen Weiner Schnitzel.  I haven't warmed up to visiting the Heidelberg any other time other than lunch, since the horrible experience with the owner's wife in the Rathkeller many years ago. *shivers*

Definitely a thumbs up for lunch, though :)
their gumbo was crazy bad. - incredibly burnt tasting. overpriced for the quality of food and the amount. really disappointing.
I ended up here on Sunday to watch the Giants game because Harlem Tavern (down the block) was way too crowded.  The game was on, but because the owner did not want to destroy the mood of the place, there was no sound.

Nice ambiance, world music playing.  I would describe it as a modern bier garden.  The tables are most similar to picnic tables complete with benches, but the place still has a modern vibe to it.  

It's a beer garden so they only serve wine and beer, which seemed appropriately priced.  The food was average, nothing special about it.

Diverse crowd all around - families, groups of girls, groups of guys, dates... 

I would definitely go back, but not to watch a game.
Shultzy's ohhhh how you continue to disappoint me...

I've come here multiple times with small groups of friends. I love the beer and the burgers and the brats. But geeze Louise, the service here it pretty horrible. There've been multiple times where we were one of the three tables there, and it took the kitchen an hour and a half to pump out our orders of burgers. There's no reason why it should take that long. Another peeve of mine is how smelly you are after you leave. It's not the most attractive scent!
Located smack dab in the middle of Downtown Austin this is the Oldest Business in Texas! We walked across the street from the Frank Erwin Center after watching the Davis Cup last weekend. Their food is excellent. I love all types of weinerschnitzel so I tried their spicy one with pico de gallo and queso on top and it was soooo good. If you are looking for some great German food in Downtown Austin this is your place. They also have a great selection of beer. 

The one complaint I have is the noise level. We sat in a really big room that filled up with everyone from the tennis matches and it got loud in a hurry. I didn't mind the USA chants because I realize everyone was still pumped from the doubles victory but just the normal noise level with everyone talking made it hard for us to talk at our own table. Don't let this deter you from trying this great restaurant.
I was so excited when I first walked by Bier International and saw that a German Restaurant/Bar opened just two blocks away from my apartment. The food is absolutely amazing, espcially the "Currywurst", the choices of beer are incredible and the service loving and caring. What a neighborhood gem and treat, especially anyone who is craving German food & Gemuetlichkeit.
"The Old World (A Better World?)"
by Josh K.

Behind RPI, in the heart of Troy, built into a hill, lies a tiny blink-and you can miss, European looking house.  A yellow banner in the front reads "European Food". 

Entering, you are immediately put in front of the kitchen where familiar smells waft.   A small dining room is to the left for larger groups, but we are brought to the small dining section to the right which has a few tables downstairs and a few upstairs as well.  

Just like home, the restaurant was cozy, intimate, and most of all- casual.

At Muza, the ambience is that of being specially invited over to a family's house for a traditional Sunday night dinner.  You get the feeling that the soups have been simmering over the stove for hours, the meats ordered from the butcher earlier in the morning, and the fish bought from the local fisherman returning with today's catch-Tilapia.

My father's side is of Eastern European Jewish descent (Galician to be exact).  At the turn of the century, Galicia was a tiny country sandwiched in between Poland to the North and the Austrian-Hungry Empire to the South. Russia was to the East.  After World War 1, Galicia became part of Poland, and after World War 2, it was the Soviet Union.  Nowadays, it is part of the Ukraine.  

It is no wonder then, that growing up, staples such as pork chops (we didn't keep kosher) over egg noodles, red beet soup (borscht), goulash, stroganoff, and potato pancakes (we called them latkes) were all common meals eaten on a Sunday night.  My grandmother learned the recipes from her mother in-law (bubby), and she passed them down to my mother, who is of Irish-Sunday roast and potato- loving decent. 

We were a family of peasants.  My ancestors made a living farming the land.  Like Irish food, Eastern European food is all about using the ingredients around you to survive-cabbage, potatoes, eggs, cabbage, beets, rice, potatoes.  There is no limit to how much meals you can make out of such food when that is all that you have.  Cabbage soup, potato soup, beet soup, fried potatoes, stuffed cabbage.

Muza is the only Polish and Eastern European restaurant that I know of in the Capital Region.  The owners are Polish but they also serve the standard fare of neighboring Czech Republic, Austria and Hungary.  The namesake beers of each of these countries are also represented in the stocked fridge near the kitchen.

Hungry and indecisive, I ordered the "Polish Feast".  For 13 dollars I was served two pirogues, stuffed cabbage, a bratwurst, and sauerkraut.  Spicy mustard and sour cream were served on the side. My companion, new to this type of food, ordered the Vienna Schnitzel (Fried Pork patty topped with the compulsory fried egg) on top of egg noodles and served with sauerkraut ($12).  We both shared our meals and there wasn't an item that was not devoured.

The pork in the schnitzel was beaten till tender and delicately fried.  The accompanied egg noodles matched perfectly and gave the meal the hearty home style taste.  The sauerkraut seemed to be homemade and was excellently seasoned (pepper and paprika?)

As for my Polish Feast, all the food on my plate was delicious, but the highlight was the stuffed cabbage which was served in a familiar gravy.  Eating the meal, I felt as if I was immediately transported back to my childhood house on 31 Sonat Road, where my grandparents would visit from Kingston every weekend.  My grandmother and mother would be in the kitchen the "boys" would be watching sports or playing a game in the family room. 

Both my grandparents and my father have passed away.  Although fading as time passes, I can still taste and smell these times long gone.  Muza Restaurant helps bring them back in their own way.  And for that, I am eternally thankful and grateful it is around.

We washed down our meal at Muza with a cold bottle of Poland's national brew- Zyweic.  A refreshing beer, I hadn't drank it since visiting Krakow, Poland during my European backpacking trip in the summer of 2004. Pirogues and borscht I of course ravenously ate in Krakow too. Thus, it was pleasant to be reminded of that trip as well.
 
We were thoroughly full and satisfied but couldn't resist the soup of the day-borscht.  So for dessert, we got a hot bowl of sweet red beet soup.  I perfect end to a hearty meal served by family for family. Our friendly and attentive waitress was also the daughter of the owners. 

It's comforting to know that restaurants like Muza and Spiaks still exist. These are the restaurants that need to be more abundant. Unfortunately, like the cooking of our grandparents, they are fast disappearing.
3.  Realistically 3.5.  I'm not a beer drinker, nor a meat-fan, so just 3.

Thank you SACC (Scandinavian American Chamber of Commerce) for choosing this as your most recent happy hour, because the space was eeenormoouusss (you hear that groups)?, the servers were excitedly attentive, it was easy to get to (especially for those using public transport), and it wasn't at all empty nor packed.  Just right.

Being Bacchus, as I self-designatedly am, I only chose red wine.  I was disappointed that for $5.25/glass I could only choose between Bogle Merlot  and some South American? Pinot Noir... which was a bit like slightly alcoholic fruit punch (not necessarily a bad thing) (also note the wine is served in something similar to a port glass - which appears more like a stemmed shot glass).

I didn't see any hard booze on the menu so I assume it's beer and wine only, my Scandinavian friends and I were very content with beer and wine though and the smokers breezed easily in and out of puffy clouds from the spacious 'garten' outside.  

The crowd (apart from my group) was a mix of old to young, college guys in ball caps to stately women in leopard cardigans.  The staff was 100% 'cute college girls' and I'm not sure I noticed a single male employee.

My comrades enjoyed the bar-b-que, not partaking I asked how it was.  They said it was a bit dry, not the best they had.  I asked how it would compare to typical "bar food" and they poignantly noted that the bar-b-que offered there was significantly better than any bar food, though a bit dry in comparison to schamncy-restaurant fare.

All in all, I say it's a great place for groups - especially when you're mixing a diverse crowd and it's hard to impress all.  It's got enough to satisfy/please everyone... at least to a certain degree.  It's nothing impressive, but they do a damned good job at being what they are.  It's worth a stop!
Awesome laid back place in Harlem. Had the steak and the truffle fries. The steak was very good but the truffle fries blew my mind. A real hidden gem, check this place out with a group of friends the next time you're uptown
Best German food in Seattle and maybe even the state. I've gone to Berlin four times and this is very similar in taste to what you'd find there. The main difference is that you get much bigger portion sizes at Bratz than what you'd get in Berlin. The Currywurst is fantastic. They slice it up just like they do in Germany, keeping it authentic. I've also had the hunters schnitzel. It's very good and once again similar to what you'd find in Germany.

The owner is great. You can really tell that he's passionate about what he's doing. I was in there today and he was speaking German to customers, singing, and just doing a great job of interacting with everyone. This is definitely my go to place now.
If you are a UW student or employee and you aren't eating, drinking, and generally getting merry at Shultzy's on a regular basis, you are truly missing out. Don't you like house-made sausage, pretzels and German beer served in large quantities (try the boot if you dare)? Of course you do, and this is where you should go to get your fix.

Service is friendly and attentive and trivia night on Tuesdays at 8pm is highly entertaining. There are nightly and Husky game day drink specials too. Grab some friends, share a boot, snarf some sausage, and get merry already!
I was so so excited when I heard this place was opening in my 'hood and have been more or less hanging around outside their door for weeks checking on the progress (it helps that it is practically on my corner). 

I went there last night for the first time around 7pm and it was packed and hoppin' with (I hope) local young'uns.  My friend and I were able to find the corner of a communal table with no problem and the help of the friendly and attentive waitress.  The high ceiling, white walls, and open front gave the place an authentic beer garden feel, despite being inside, although it did get a bit echo-y.

The service was super friendly and neighborhoody, with the waitress and manager stopping to chat despite the crowd.   The beer selection was good; the waitress not only let me know that the beer I wanted had just been tapped and so would be warm, but suggested a comparable alternative.  

The food was tasty and I loved that all of the menu items had suggested beer pairings. The catfish tacos with chipotle mayo were good, if a little small; the catfish was perfectly grilled, moist and flavorful and not breaded - hooray!  The truffle parmesan fries were crispy and tender with large curls of cheese and actual black truffle (rather than just truffle oil) sprinkled over top.  And, at $8 and $4 respectively, very reasonable.

Overall Bier is a wonderful, chill, tasty, neighborhood spot in which I will now be living!
I'm very glad an establishment like this is now in Harlem! The food is phenomenal, and the staff has great knowledge about the beers available. The atmosphere is also very welcoming and relaxed. I played a board game with my mom the last time I went.
Great beers, tasty food. Cool spot to hang out with friends, but if your group is too big, you might have a hard time finding a table. Wouldn't really consider this Harlem, but it's easy to get to from further uptown. We need more places like this uptown! 

Get your beers in a boot! The Hofbrau Dunkel was delicious. The pineapple guacamole is good even if you're not a huge fan of pineapple. Really enjoyed the catfish tacos. Large, yummy strips of catfish, but I wish they used a little less chipotle mayo on the tacos.
You have to try their French Dip. It's excellent. The meat is tender, the cheeze is melty, not rubbery, the bun is perfectly toasted and the sauce is delicious. 
Personally, I think that their sausages are a little dry. But the French Dip is awesome! Try it!
Bier is a nice indoor beer garden up in Harlem.

Their food is good (especially the brats) and the beer selection is good, as well.  I first went last year when my friends who live nearby discovered it.  The great thing about it being indoors is that it's open in the winter too!
The beer list is extensive and the food is good and a decent price.  I'm not a fan of the seating style ("indoor beer garden" or cafeteria style seating) as it results in having to yell throughout the entire conversation but at the same time, it lets you get drunk and be as loud as you want without embarrassing your friends!

I had the currywurst which was a bit on the small side and the plate was overcompensated by fries, but they were both good so it wasn't overall too disappointing.  My husband's burger was nothing spectacular and a bit small for his appetite.  But, for NY and for the atmosphere of the place, the food and the price were a good fit so no major complaints here.

The only unfortunate part of my experience there was the service.  When I asked for another glass of Prosecco, the server nodded in acknowledgement.  A good 15 minutes later, no drink yet so I waved him down and said that I had ordered a Prosecco.  His response, "I KNOW" and then walked off in a huff.  A little bit later, another server came up to tell me that my drink was coming.  When it did come, it was a Bellini, not a Prosecco (same price though!).  Alas, not everything is perfect.

Lastly, as noted by many: CASH ONLY!
The Downstairs, the Rathskeller, is a great place to find good beer for a lot less and the best happy hour ever!  You have not fully lived the Ann Arbor experience if you have not ordered "The Boot" (make sure you bring some friends)
I don't know why the reviews for this place are so low, I really liked it! I had the jagerschnitzel with fried okra and german potato salad, apple strusel and tried the baked pototato with pulled pork and the works. The jagerschnitzel was really flavorful with all of the creamy mushroom sauce. The fried okra was decent and the german potato salad was good too, but I am spoiled from my grandma's homemade so it's hard to find anything that can touch hers. The baked potato was crazy! Super filled with fixin's and delicious BBQ pulled pork to top it off. The apple strusel was really delicious too, flaky and sugary crust and delicious apples inside. They also have a good selection of beers which is always a plus. I'd love to go back on a nice day for the beer garden.
CASH ONLY?! what? 

it's really too loud in there. there's absolutely nothing to absorb the sound.  also... writing beer on the wall in different languages? meh. i could see where the paint ran which resembled bloody feces. ....maybe that's more of a personal problem....
the beer list is not large enough for myself... and its overwhelmingly more german than anything else. 
i hear the neighborhood's lacking in a lot of nice hangouts so i'm sure this is welcome, but they need to try harder.
our server was pretty swell.
I've become interested in trying out different types of beer lately, so I decided to give Bier International a try and I'm glad I did.  

The bartender is very knowledgeable about beers and friendly.  He helped me decide on a beer by offering me a few samples of various beers.  I can't remember which beer I decided on ( I waited about a month to write the review), but from what I could remember it was tasty and I paired it with a yummy sausage platter.  If you're looking for a little snack to accompany your beer I'd definitely recommend the pretzels.  They're hot, soft in the inside, a bit crisp on the outside, served with brown mustard and absolutely delicious.  I'll definitely be back!

Remember to hit up the ATm before you visit, they accept CASH ONLY.
I rate quantity, quality, price, and ambiance:

The quantity and quality of both food and beer here are generally standard. The menu tells you exactly how many milliliters of each beer you will be served, and if it strikes you as too little, you can get a liter of any beer in a glass boot for an adjusted price. The liter of Hoffbrau (a German beer, served in a giant stein glass) for only $11 seems to be the best beer value.

I'm not a beer person per se, but every beer here I've had is excellent. Whoever chooses the list has great taste. It has an impressive variety of international beers. My favorite is the Jenlain Ambree farmhouse ale. It's beautifully toasty brown, relatively alcoholic (7%), and the yeast are still alive! :)

I'd recommend the pineapple chipotle guacamole and the hand cut parmesean truffle fries if you want to eat something. Both of those are truly satisfying. The "entrees" have never been impressively tasty for me nor my boyfriend, and most are pretty greasy. There is only one vegetarian entree, which is a standard but passable Mediterranean platter.

It's a little bit pricey here, and I suspect it's because they have no competition. I haven't yet found a place with a similar ambiance or such a nice beer selection. Be advised: it's cash only and it's expensive. 

It's very loud here, and for some reason, people seem to feel compelled to bring their children. One waitress told me she sometimes refers to it as the kindergarten instead of the biergarten. Contemplate the reason for all the kids here while you drink: Maybe it's because it's a casual place, with good booze? Maybe because they can give their kid a non-alcoholic strawberry beer so they can drink like Mommy and Daddy? Maybe because spills are easy to clean up on the cement slab floor? 

Aside from that, they have a communal seating arrangement with long tables, and if it's busy, you will end up sitting with some strangers. I don't mind because it's a very diverse crowd - traditional Harlem types as well as bourgeois parents and Columbia kids.
Stick with beer - don't eat. 

We live 2 blocks away but have avoided having a meal because of their B sanitation grade.  We went at 6:00pm on a weekday because we were really hungry, didn't feel like cooking, and wanted to sit outside.  

When I ordered a Croque Monsieur, the server told me they no longer serve that.  So I got the chicken brochettes with peanut sauce and couscous.  The place was less than half full, but the food took a long time. The chicken was decent but the couscous was cold.  When I told the server about the couscous, she wanted to take my whole plate back but I asked her to just bring me another side of couscous.  She brought me more couscous, and it was still cold.  I understand the concept of couscous salad, but it makes no sense to have cold couscous with that particular meal and the menu said "couscous," not "couscous salad." 

As we were leaving I saw a chalkboard with about 5 specials listed; the server never told us about specials.

Disappointing food and service.  I would just go back for a beer.
Yummy yummy yummy! When I need a greasy burger fix, I often go to Shultzy's (yes I know they are known for their sausages, which are great too, but don't overlook their burgers).

Service is nice, prices are fair, and the little skinny french fries just rock. Plus a good beer selection.

Have fun looking at all the photos sent from around the world featuring Shultzy's t-shirts in them. Pretty neat!
This place does not cease to amaze me!  It was almost a year ago I complained about the bad service.  I've been back a handful of times since and the service has improved slightly, but then came yesterday evening.  It was not exactly the most busy day since harlem tavern is bringing down the house now, but man was the service slow.  I've now realized what happens...when they don't want to deal with customers, they hide in the back by the bathroom area and talk to each other!  Sounds like a good way to get tips right?  Fastforward, orders were wrong or not fulfilled after waiting 20mins for the drinks.  Manager/owner comes tells me things are on the house and would gladly take care of me next time and this.  I wish I could say I would want to bare the brunt of this service again, my guests that came to visit me were well beyond over this place.  I, on the other hand, can only hope the owner himself were the server, then the place would finally be up to par in service in the "service industry".
I want to give this place 5stars, but the noise level in here honestly had my ears ringing when I left.  I understand the feel the place is going for, but maybe get some fabric on the walls to cut the volume down.  I expect to have to yell to the person across from me in a dance club, not in a restaurant.   I was also surprised by the large amount of pretentious, self-righteous hipster families with infants in the place.  I know you shouldn't rate a place by it's clientele, but  here's an excerpt from the family next to us:  Mom: "honey, could you move your beer away from the baby, I don't want him to see it."  Um, hello, if you don't want your 10 month old baby to see a glass of beer, then don't bring him to a BEER GARDEN restaurant!
I really, really want to like this place, but the noise and the clientele is unfortunately going to prevent me from returning.
I was utterly famished but had no idea what to get so I queried the solid-looking German cashier. She unhesitatingly recommended the #2, and despite my trepidation about eating a red brat with mysterious German curry sauce, I decided to trust her and even got the spicy version (how daring, I know). Made it a combo with fries and a $0.95 fountain drink. Boy was I ever not disappointed - totally köstlich! This was really fabulous. And cheap! I think all together it was like 8 bucks or something. And they played (to my ears) ridiculous German pop music, which was delightful. Look forward to returning!
Sassage.  Mmmmmm, sassage.

Originally I was supposed to meet a colleague for Thai.  It's healthier, I said.  He agreed, so we set a place.  Then, only 24 hours prior to our meeting, he switches the location to Shultzy's Sausage.  There goes healthy.

Triglycerides aside, this place is totally rad.  The sausages are awe inspiring, the beer selection is great, and the bar is really well laid out... not your typical campus watering hole.  We ate on the patio out back, which is probably a booming smoker's haven when school's in.  Plus, they have the best slogan I've seen in years:  Seattle's Wurst Restaurant.  Yuk, yuk.

Sadly, drinking and cavorting weren't on the menu today, but next time they are and I'm in the neighborhood, it's on the list.
They serve food here? I had no idea. But what they do serve are $5 well margaritas. Made with rose's lime! 

This bar isn't so bad for night life, and is much more active than the previous places that had set up shop. They know their market. 

Some of the girls here really like dressing up. I love primping up, but it's like everyone decided to go to bebe and get a body-baring cocktail dress (this is just a dress category, so other gals, please don't take offense and wanna rip my eyes out or anything. I too enjoy wearing cute dresses like that). They are cute dresses, but it seems so funny to see people so dressed up just to go out to a bar in Troy. Saratoga? Sure. But Troy? Heh, I guess Troy is moving up. 
Oh, and mostly the girls were dressed up. A lot of the guys in Troy still like to try to beat the dead Ed Hardy fashion horse, le sigh. 

I was there one night when they had a DJ and it was like a middle school dance of 90s songs and some current pop songs. Still, fun night, and good for people watching. Staff were all fairly friendly. And hello! FIVE DOLLAR TASTY MARGARITAS!
I like that this is the "wurst" restaurant in Seattle. 

I just went here for lunch the other day and it was my first time. I got the Tom's (bbq, cheddar and grilled onion) cheesesteak. I heard they are taking it off the menu! That will be a sad day. Their fries are so good that I didn't even need condiments. They have some great beers and I tried the coffee porter. Yum.

I'm docking it a star because I felt like the service was a little too attentive. I just sat down and didn't know what I wanted to drink yet. No, I don't know what I'm eating yet because I want to figure out my drink. It's my first time here and I didn't like that they had 4 different people come up to the table in 4 minutes at the beginning of my lunch. What was that about? Give people a minute or two to scan over the huge menu selection. Thanks! 

It was very good food! I'll be back.
I always say a good meal consist of beer and meat. Well thats what I got here, it was the hunters schnitzel. It was very good, the gravy was a little bland, but nonetheless good meal and amazing German beer.
Stopped here on the way home with friends after a night out considering I live a couple blocks away. Ordered the chili cheese fries with chili on the side since a couple in the group were vegetarians and some double fruity vodka drinks.

LOVED the fries - I think they saved my Saturday. The fries were perfectly crispy and greasy. The chili was as large as a bowl of chili and was fantastic with the fries. MMM Schultzy's you made a friend.

The drinks were varied - they were all good but one was really weak and one was especially strong. It was a game of Russian roulette grabbing the drinks.

Great late night food, Great price, Definitely will return!
A group of us went for the Debate watching party.  Why the Garten would choose to host such an event, is beyond me.  The staff urged us not to order food because it would back up their kitchen.  They wanted us to only order from the burger stand set up in the back.  When I asked repeatedly if there were any happy hour or drink specials I only got pointed to the drinks on the menu. The TV's were on delay across the restaurant, so everyone was hearing and seeing different parts of the debate which made the experience dull. Our waitress came by only to look at our table, only to continue walking and  never offer any service. Not sure what that was about.  We will never be going back to this establishment. I don't know why or how they have managed to stay in business.
The Heidelberg is a pretty cool place, but based on stories I had heard, I had some big expectations which it failed to meet. 

We went on a Friday night and I honestly just found it obnoxious. We went to the downstairs area, and it was standing room only. We finally got a booth, but nothing seemed clean. We could barely hear each other over the music and commotion. Personally just wasn't a fan...but I guess if you like that sort of thing, you should check it out. The drinks were good so can't complain there.
UPDATE 8/29/10:  as the review below indicates quite clearly, I LOVED this place even before they had their kitchen up and runninng.  Now that it is I can add that the food we sampled (and we tried a lot of it) is amazing (I am resisting my tendency to yell in all caps here).  

Empanadas Capo Verde:
Baked empanadas with goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes and Porcini mushrooms

Käse Teller :
Assorted cheeses: Parmigiano-Reggiano (Parma, Italy), Camembert (Normandy, France), Gruyère,
Switzerland), Jarlsberg (Norway), Manchego (Spain), Roquefort (France), served with seasonal fruits
and European-style bread

Mediterranean Platter:
Hummus, Baba Ganoush and Tabouli served with toasted, herbed whole pita bread

Wild Mushroom Quesadilla:
Sautéed Shitake, Portobello and Oyster mushrooms with fresh cilantro and queso blanco
on a flour tortilla with truffle oil 

All were eight or nine bucks, a great price, and they were even more amazing than the descriptions above sound.  Plus we had the truffle and shaved parmesan hand-cut fries, a huge portion and again amazing, which were four freaking bucks.

I've eaten at nearly every Mediterranean/Greek/Turkish/Lebanese/Israeli joint in the city and this place's platter exceeded them all.  The quesadilla? Thankfully light on cheese and heavy on incredible mushrooms.  The BAKED empanada was light and served with a delicious salad. The chefs are geniuses. That is not an overstatement. I am being restrained. Believe me.

The staff is incredibly friendly and courteous, as mentioned already below, the owner is almost always around   wonderfully friendly and very responsive to customer input, and THE CROWD! Now that it's been open a little over three weeks, the place was full  on a Sunday of the kind of mix of people (including a lot of very happy kids scarfing some serious amounts of lemonade) that reminds you how fantastic Harlem is and that NYC is the most ethnically diverse city in the world (all here bound together by a shared love of great beer, wine, food, and gemuetlichkeit).
 
Even if you don't care for great beer, come for the food. This place is a blessing bestowed upon Harlem and NYC by the beer and cuisine gods (who are also apparently mindful of decent pricing in the current economy).


***************************************************************************
I have been tracking the opening date for this place for WEEKS and got here on its third day in business.  The kitchen is not up and running yet but the beer is AMAZING (Czech (Krusovice), German (the only dark wheat draft  (Erdinger) I've had since I was in Germany plus Hofbrau), Belgian, and English.

The vibe is wonderful too--  you ain't not gonna find a mix o'people like this anywhere else in Manahattan.  Finally, the service is incredibly friendly and from the nabe.  

I am going back TOMORROW but wanted to get this up for all the Harlemites and anyone who loves great beer to see. (They have wine too).
This place is way cool. Of course I'm partial to any spot dedicated purely to beer. Or should I say bier? But the neighborhood needed a little beer garden, and we got one with Bier. The crowd is eclectic and diverse, the draught beers are mainly from Central Europe and well-chosen; there were some I'd never heard of before. I dig the long beaches and the friendly service. The sound doesn't carry very well, that's probably my only complaint. But overall Bier is a solid spot and a welcome addition to the hood.
I have to start out by saying I LOVE THEIR FOOD before I put anything negative in cyberspace. 

This is a small, family run restaurant. Dad and I think a cousin run the kitchen while the daughter waits tables. When we arrived we were seated by the daughter in the top section of the restaurant. And then we waited and waited. When she finally got a break from down below she came up to see us. We ordered a glass of wine and a beer and weren't ready to order dinner (we had a sitter and really wanted to savor our first time out alone in months).  After we sat a while longer she brought our drinks and we ordered our dinner. I had the potato pancakes and kielbasa, my husband had golomkis, kielbasa, potato pancakes and sauteed cabbage. The food was delicious but I wish I'd gotten some kind of cabbage to go with my food. 

The big thing is we have a new strategy when we go eat there next - before we even get seated we order our drinks and then we can actually spend some time thinking about what we want to eat. And I'm already planning what it is!
This restaurant was everything I wanted it to be and more. The food was comforting and delicious. The service was friendly and courteous (owner's daughter, very sweet girl). The atmosphere was just like the little restaurants my husband and I visited on a trip to Europe a few years ago. 

I highly recommend the Polish Sampler. A little of everthing. Although, I regret not trying the kielbasa too. Sadly, we are from the DC area and don't have time to go back again!
Average overpriced bar food with German and BBQ options.  

The pros are that it's literally less than a block from my office and that they can serve lunch quickly.

The con is that the food isn't worth the price. The food's not bad.  It's just average.

Great nostalgia, especially if you're a Texas alum.  Don't let the BBQ smell in the morning fool you, though.  The BBQ is some of the most pedestrian in Austin.
This review is strictly for the Rat Cellar, er Rathskellar, downstairs at the Heidelberg.  It really is the perfect place to drink.  Old, but not derelict.  Cozy but not cloying.  It has the best jukebox in Ann Arbor.  There are both long tables and booths to sit at -- perfect for small or large groups.

Get the Warsteiner Dunkel on draft and you will not be disappointed.  It's an eminently drinkable beer and it is always fresh because they go through so many kegs of it.  They have lovely German and bar snacks as well.  The sausage and cheese plate is definitely a must-have.

They would normally get 4 stars, but their service has gone a bit downhill in the last few years.  They were kind of dicks to me when I left my wallet there, but at least they had it and kept it safe for me until I could pick it up. 

It's always a good stop on a pub crawl, and sometimes the crawls don't make it past there because it's such a good place to go drinking with friends.
I love this place. I can bring my baby with me and fit in completely. And she loves the truffle fries. They have high chairs and plenty of space for us and everyone else. I only wish their weekend brunch menu had more vegetarian options. I'm sick of the hummus.
Reminds me of home.  This is a nice little place to pick up some yummy German fast food.  I work in the U District and stopped by for lunch today.  The food is authentic and fresh.
I heart Bier! I came here for brunch twice, dinner once and it was great each time. Im a huge fan of their pancakes mostly bc of the yummy fruity butter they come with. I've also had the eggs Benedict with crab cakes - DEELICIOUS! The crab cakes were so tasty and the biscuits were thick, fluffy and buttery. My boyfriend gets the eggs w sour cream, guac and some other fixins on flour tortillas which just melt in your mouth. You get a free mimosa if you order from the brunch menu and the wait staff is very nice. They are a little too quick with clearing the tables which made me feel a bit rushed, but otherwise I always have a nice relaxing meal at Bier!
Very cute little German "pub" in Harlem, adding yet some more flavor to Frederick Douglass Boulevard. And now that Harlem Tavern opened up down the street, Bier isn't as crowded as it used to be. I really liked the menu, the food, and the general experience, though I wasn't as enamored of the place as I had hoped to be. 

I wound up getting the Merguez sausage, which was definitely superb, with truffle fries on the side for an extra dollar. They were good, but very meager on the truffle and oil. From what I hear, if you want to avoid getting jipped you should order the full side-dish of Truffle Fries, which comes with a generous topping of truffle and parmesan. 

We also got a pretzel side dish, and though the pretzel was soft, it was undersalted for my personal taste, and I wasn't a fan of the mustard that came with it. 

The beer selection, as anticipated, was incredible. All in all? I'll probably come back, but it won't be my first choice in the area.
I've always walked by Schultzy's and wanted to go in a try it, but never had the time or chance to until now. I met up with my brother and we decided to go here for dinner one night. The decor is wooden. I think everything in here is wood. It reminds me of the bar in Beauty and The Beast where Gaston and his fat side kick went and sang their little song about being manly. Don't ask why. It just does. 

Anyway! I ordered a Coke (you get one free refill) and a sausage burger which was essentially a sausage patty. It was good. I would like to try other food on the menu when i go back. The service was so-so. not bad, but not great. It was nice to be able to seat ourselves, but they have booths that are reserved for parties of 4 or more, so that made our seating options limited. We ended up sitting by the window when the sun was setting and shining in my face.
Bratz rocks the house, serving up delicious German food like piping hot sausage on a fresh baked roll and proper sauerkraut. Add your own curry ketchup and/or Dijon mustard and mmmmm! When we arrived there was a German-speaking family eating lunch there, which should say something about the food being authentic.

They aren't "McDonald's" fast, but they're worth the wait. They have indoor seating with VERY sturdy rustic wooden tables and chairs, German TV,  radio tuned in to the "retro" station, and a decent number of offerings considering their small size. Prices were quite reasonable, particularly given the fresh, quality food they offer. The owner is friendly and helpful, which is a big plus. Highly recommended to anyone who likes German food (or is willing to try)!
Finally had dinner here with friends after hearing about this place for decades.  The place was not busy.  After 20 minutes of our being ignored, the wait person took our order only after being tracked down.  The chips we were served were cold, stale, and in fact almost soggy.  The cheesburger combo I order was very subpar.  I can't believe I paid almost $15 (including mandatory tip for the group) for such poor service and mediocre food.  The soft drink I ordered was the highlight of my meal.
Not really a big fan of this place.  Maybe because it is trying to copy Wolff's Biergarten in Albany?  I mean come on find your own identity.  Same concept with the peanuts.  The thing that really doesn't make sense to me is they offer a wide range of beer.  Not just German beer but all different kinds. I wouldn't expect to see Peroni on their menu, but it is...just weird if you ask me. Not my first place to stop at when I am thirsty in Troy to grab a beer that's for sure.
Scholz Garten can suck it.

I've been here about half a dozen times, usually for an event like the 2008 presidential election or a UT game. Good beer selection, OK food, upbeat atmosphere. 

Until yesterday.

Yesterday, I was hanging out with "A" and "J" at the radio booth for the football game. I wasn't more or less buzzed than the next person, but I was feeling a bit self conscious because I wasn't wearing a UT shirt, or even a hint of burnt orange. 

I was standing near the back of the patio, talking with my friends when a waiter, or barback, or whatever he was, came up to me. Without any warning, he yanked the full 12 oz. beer can I had been given from the radio's cooler, and poured it out into a trash can, right in front of me. He barked something about not having a 12 oz. can of beer on the patio. But the look of sheer hate and contempt and loathing he gave me made me suspect that even if that were the rule, the reason he targeted me and no one else ran far deeper.  

You know, I don't want to do it, but I'm playing the gay card. He didn't like me because I was gay, and I felt that in my gut. There are a lot of things I am, but naive is not one of them. Whether or not this guy's behavior is sanctioned or tolerated by the establishment as a whole remains unknown; what I do know is that he did not want me there.

Fine. We got ourselves a deal. I'll never spend a dime here again.
Great staff and a fantastic beer selection.  If you are the sensitive type, it's not for you but don't take it personal because it's a fun place with an amazing atmosphere.  If you frequent the place enough you will get to know the history.  It's also a wonderful place to meet friends before, during or after an event.
I went with my girlfriends family and it was flawless!  I, being from Holland, and them being from Austria, this was just like Oma's home cooking.  It is as genuine and authentic as it gets.  Everything is made fresh and in house.  The chef is a little germany lady that does it all on her own.  its very quaint seats a dozen people tops. but it was quiet and comfortable.  The perogies and sauerkraut are the best I have ever had!  the strudel is TRUE strudel.  non of this North American strudel thats like apple pie, this was perfect.   I will be going back again next week.  I love this place.  Highly recommend.
I have to admit that I was feeling a bit indifferent about the prospect of a beer garden opening in Harlem. After all, I am more of a wine drinker than a beer connoisseur. But after having a beer and appetizer one warmish fall evening, I am now convinced that Bier International is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. I wasn't thrilled with my choice Strawberry beer and truffle fries, but others around me had some interesting choices that I definitely want to try next go around. I will be back!
awesome schnitzels and pretzels!
Yum. Now I haven't had authentic cheesesteaks, but I enjoyed the swiss mushroom steak. I've also had the Wild Alaskan Salmon Filet. Both were delicious. I love their fries. 

Service is good and quick. Haven't tried their beers but my friend raves about the dark brews. 

Outdoor patio seating in the back alley allowed my dog to sit with my party!
Wow.  I didn't know what to expect, but it (schnitzel) was really good.  They used to be just a window, but now they have a dining room.
9/19/2009

As if you didnt already know.....If you want to catch a Horns game this is destination UNO.  Hands down....all others are simply secondary. 

I watched the 1st half of the UT/Tech game here and could only imagine the atmospher in the second half.  Opposing fans know the place well too, so there are always biiter enemies throughout the bar.
The guys who run this place are great. After discussing my love of curry ketchup, they sold me a bottle. The food is delicious, the prices are reasonable and... 

Look, I'll be honest. I want this place to do well because they serve currywursts. Currywursts are amazing, and if another place that serves it closes, I am just going to lose my sh!t.
Good aptmosphere!  Plus good german beer and food.  Plus can watch football at the same time!