Concluded my week long stay in SD with two nights here. Alyssa was extremely helpful and answered any questions I had. The room was very spacious. They also honored my request to have extra pillows and towels there upon check in. Having 7 pillows on a king sized bed all to yourself is great! The small attention to detail--from the garage attendants addressing me by name, to when the bell desk employee gave me a shipping form when he saw that I was carrying a FedEx box, made for an enjoyable experience. You don't have to be an Elite member (which I found out I was to my surprise) to expect this type of treatment. The service from the staff here is impeccable. Love this hotel!
Even though it's consider 3 1/2 start hotel on priceline.com, I think it deserved at least 4 starts.  In general, it's a very nice hotel.  The lobby was pretty, the staffs were nice, the room was big, clean, and quiet.  It even had a balcony and a little fridge (I wasn't expecting it) in our room.  

The best part was the pools.  Yes, pool"s".  They have a indoor pool and a outdoor pool.  Both were heated pools.  There were good number of excise equipments, and they were around the indoor pool.  They even had locker rooms with shower and dry sauna. 

Let's talk about the elevators.  I agree with other yelpers.  Their elevators were terrible.  The waiting was ok, but it shakes.  I was pretty nervous inside the elevator.

We only stayed for one night, but we had a good time, especially my little girl.  We had a 2 days trip at San Diego, but her best memory of this trip was swimming at the pool.

I would stay here again if I have a chance.
I joined my parents for dinner here and was pleasantly surprised by the serene surroundings. I'd driven up from Newport, so I was definitely looking forward to a glass of wine and some time to relax after all the traffic. 

Staff was courteous and efficient. Foodwise, they sure serve small portions! I had the iceberg salad (without the most calorie laden ingredients,) and the ahi tuna (which was really about 4 tiny hunks accompanied by a few slices of veggies... can I get a full asparagus spear or something please?) For dessert, I had the apple tart, which was ok, but nothing amazing. An hour later, I was starving again. Wait, did I just have Chinese food? I kid. I kid. I'd say you should probably make sure you're not starving when you go here, but it was really good food and it didn't make me fat. Since it is already bikini season, I'd say that's a plus and it definitely merits a spot on the regular rotation. Good thing my parents are members, I guess. 

Overall, it's members only, but it reminded me of a similar club we had at USC but decidedly older and more focused in the Pasadena neighborhood.
Meh, I've experienced better, perfectly stated by Yelp.  That says it all.  

We arrive at the hotel to a difficult to maneuver parking lot with no available parking so we park in front so I can run in to check in.  Check-in is swamped and the person who helped me did not give me as much info as I heard other people getting (for example info on wifi in the hotel).  I did get a confusing spiel about the complexities of a room key depending on what kind of room key slot I had at my room.  I had the olde fashioned kind where you slide the key in an up and down fashion instead of in and out of the slot.  Very complicated, never would have figure it out without the 3 minute lecture about what I might need to do when I get to my room LOL 

We drive around the parking lot 2 more times to end up parking on the street.  Our room is on the other side of the hotel so we have a bit of a walk, though not too bad.  Our room was disappointing.  I had been told I was getting a king size bed when I reserved my room and we got 2 double beds instead.  The room was right by an exit and close to the meeting room area so it was pretty loud too.  

Good things about this hotel experience: 

Excellent location in downtown Ithaca, close to most of the good restaurants and cool shops, easy drive to Route 13 which can get you to more restaurants and shops. 

Very nice bedding, soft sheets, decent blankets, pillows labeled soft and firm that are comfortable. 

The bath items are from bath & body works, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and soap. 

The hotel has a pool that is indoor and heated if you have time to get there. 

Most of the front desk staff is very friendly and helpful (aside from the one male who I found dismissive upon my check out). 

The room has a nice table you can use to eat or do work. 

Bad things about this hotel experience: 

People smoking outside our window and it blows into the room, I complained and the front desk asked them to move but when I mentioned it upon check out, I was told, oh yes, that room is by the bench, next time you will know to ask for a different room.  (Excuse me?!?!?) I told him that I was supposed to get a king size bed and didn't so I wasn't supposed to have that room anyway.  He said, well the other group here for an event (who shall remain nameless) all wanted lots of king size beds, at least you got 2 beds to choose from. (Excuse me?!?!?)   

The conference facilities are okay but not too thrilling.  The microphone kept cutting our through all the presentations.  The layout makes it hard to see the projection screen through other people's heads.  The food was disappointing and lackluster at best.  The glasses were always dirty (gross!!!!).  A lot of the waitstaff at the conference meals seemed lost, confused and even scared at times. 

Our 1sr floor room seemed to need some renovations, especially the bathroom.  There were cracked or missing tiles, some tiles pieced together and glued back on.  The door didn't properly fit in the jamb so the top & bottom of the door angled weirdly out of the bathroom or into the bathroom depending on which time you were in there.  The floor of the bathtub/shower was uneven, one entire side was higher than the other.  I felt lopsided through my showers, so bad I was laughing when I was in there.  The shower curtain had mold on it as did the shower shelf.  As for the toilet, my BF was not pleased.  He said, it was very shallow, maybe two inch depth between the seat and the little bit of water that was in it, oddly egg/heartshaped, 'boys be careful how you lean.'

Parking is terrible.  The lot is cramped, especially when full of large trucks, and was almost always full.  We had read in other reviews that you can use the garage across the street but no one mentioned this to us and it was never implied or stated anywhere.  The garage is not free after 1 hour so we didn't want to risk it.  I should have asked the front desk had I thought of it so that part is my fault, though if they know the lot is always full, they should have a way to communicate this to guests if it is available for free use.  

The wireless internet is free but the signal comes and goes constantly.  One second you can stream a whole TV show, the next you can't get your email to refresh.  

Rooms do not have fridges or microwaves which is unfortunate with so many good restaurants, you often want to bring leftovers back to the room for later.  

Overall - this hotel is a great location but needs some work.  I certainly do not think it is worth the cost it charges without some major room remodeling and better parking.  Staff should be more aware of good customer service and when a customer complains, don't dismiss them as though it is their fault (again I only say this to the one guy who made me angry upon checkout).  And for god's sake, when an event is happening at your hotel, make sure the water glasses at the tables have last night's lipstick washed off of them.
We had our wedding at the Harvard Faculty Club and the entire staff did a superb job making sure everything went smoothly.  Everything was perfect. 

We have also been here for Sunday brunch.  It is quite a treat.  The food is delicious (and there is plenty of it!) and it is a great atmosphere -- usually a pianist, etc.
Reasons I won't stay there again: 1) the shuttle service to Cornell and the airport is spotty; 2) the cost of cabs to/from the hotel and Cornell and/or the Commons is way too $$$, especially, since the cab drivers tend to pick up and drop off others along the way; 3) It's cold and after about 5 minutes of using the heater it switched to the fan and then wouldn't turn off - ultimately they moved me, but it took forever to get the new room warm; 4) I couldn't warm up with a shower b/c there was no hot water... in either room; and 5) when I took the heater cover off to see if there was a shut off, I discovered they don't believe in cleaning the vents. gross... no, really. gross.

This hotel deserves a one-star. But I liked the new bedding - very comfy. And I liked the Front Desk staff - definitely solid service on their part.
Brunch Bust.

We were informed the mimosas were unlimited. Sadly, that was not the case and champagne cost $8 a glass, after 2. I paid it because Lord knows we needed it at this serious/drama/emotional brunch.

The food selection was impressive, not enough to be overwhelming but lots of choices. There was an omelet maker I'm sad I missed. I'm ALWAYS excited to see eggs Benedict, plus the other breakfast friendly pork options of bacon ans sausage, smoked salmon.

The one sushi roll did feel a tad out of place, so did the cold cut assortments.

Pluses- the staff was very courteous, and nice, although a little slow with the water. For $40 buck or so, I'd probably take my brunch butt somewhere else tho.
A beautiful location for events. There is a huge covered area for parties and a side room bar. The Cal Tech campus, however, is kind of run down. 

If you are attending an event here and alcohol is being served, I highly suggest that you try to stay in one of the few rooms here and play it safe. We went to a wedding and having a room just a short walk away was more than convenient. 

The rooms are small, but have everything that you'll need to stay the night - serious a/c, small flat screen without HD feed, internet connection, bottled water - no refrigerator. The one exception to the small room thing is the Einstein Suite at the end of the hall. There you get a separate bedroom, common area, and balcony. One other thing to note, is that there were no hair dryers in the rooms (like at most hotels). I would imagine that they have some at the front desk if you need one, but I cannot confirm that. BYOHD to be safe.
This is may all time favorite restaurant!  It is such a hidden gem.  It is upstairs in the Westin on El Camino in Palo Alto.  I have dinner here for special occasions and am always amazed at the quality.  The pork chop is a big, bone in, thick cut with a wonderful reduction that is savory but with a touch of sweetness to balance the flavors in the pork.  I've also had the sample tray entre which samples four of the entres on the menu.  It came with smaller portions of the lobster, lamb chop, filet and ahi.  I was in heaven!  The scallops are a real treat too and the presentation on all dishes is wonderful.  Last time we were there, we had the tomato tartar and like everything else we've tried there, it was great.  

Almost as important as the food is the fact that when we go here, we can actually have a conversation without loud music or another table too close to us.   The atmosphere is great too.  LOVE this place : )
I recently shot a wedding there and I must say I love the ambience there. The food was, to my surprise, actually very good.  The service has also great - apparently all the guests appear very happy and they're even very courteous to us vendors.  The Athenaeum is definitely an excellent choice as a wedding venue.
I was here for a Harvard summer intern event - and WOW impressive (wish I had done an internship at Harvard...).  It's a very old Harvard-esque building complete with the Harvard personality.  Very beautiful and quaint building.   I was really impressed by the deliciousness of the food!  We had cornish hen!  At a future-doctors intern event!  SO GOOD!

I'd love to come see what their public restaurant is like.
Just a review for the downstairs bar - while the top floors are quite fancy, the downstairs bar is an awesome hangout place on campus. The place, called Rathskeller, looks like it is out of the Big Bang Theory set (vs. the above floors, which are clearly trying to model Harvard pretentiousness, and I would know). The chill atmosphere, good and uncrowded areas to relax, and good company make this a great place - and it is flip-flop friendly! Also, the beer and food is cheap as dirt (Stella for $3... and better beers accordingly priced), and actually pretty good - try the burger special on Mondays for $6, it can't be beat!

To get in, befriend an Ath member! They're usually Caltech graduate students, postdocs, sellouts (read: rich alumni), or faculty.
LOVE THE EXTERNAL GLASS ELEVATOR! This hotel is in a perfect spot for sightseeing downtown as it is within a couple blocks of The Commons.  I just stayed here last weekend and the staff was very friendly to me, answering all my questions and making sure I was well taken care of.  There is free parking in their lot at the back and a full service restaurant attached called Max's.  You can pick up a complimentary copy of the USA Today on the table by the counter.
I prefer eating outside at the Ath.  During the summer, they set everything up on the lawn, some tables are under tents, some aren't.  

They have a KOBE burger that is to die for.  The large selection of beer and wine doesn't hurt either.  

Sadly, it's not open to the public.  You have to be a member.
Personally suggest you this particular hotel for conducting various events, lectures, holiday celebrations, etc. Incredible interior, 24-7 valet, good food. I've experienced responsible assistance of professionals and is looking forward to have more business with them.
Harvard Club is a privilege. Feels... cerebral, elegant. My mother-in-law is a Professor and we dine here frequently. It's a lovely, historical building. Typically there's a large lily bouquet when you walk in the door making the entrance smell heavenly. Dinner or Brunch are both great options. I highly suggest the oysters. Super fresh with a great sauce. Also try the apple tart. The crust is flaky. Yum. Only negative, my water glass and spoon were both filthy during my last visit. Service can be spotty as well. Example: waiter trying to take food order before wine and water. 

If you get a chance, go!
Incredibly rude staff.
We stayed here for a conference one weekend. The rooms were fine, nothing wrong with them. However, the elevators to get to the rooms sucked. There was like 3 and one of them wouldn't take more than 5 people. So it took forever to go up and down. 

We had a banquet dinner and the meal we had was pretty dry; I ended up liking the vegetarian option of pasta better.
Seemed expensive for what you got.  Elevators were annoyingly slow.  Can hear everything going on in the hallway through the walls.

Nice beds though
The Holiday Inn is located in a convenient spot near the commons. Close enough to walk, yet far enough from the occasional traffic pile up. The lobby is clean, brightly lit and open. There is a restaurant on the first floor but I didn't try it. We stayed in room 290 located in the tower (apparently there is also a room 290 located in the older part of the hotel). The King size bed was comfortable enough and the room was rather spacious. Some weird/cons about this place are: a couple outlets did not work, the drapes are not meant to fully close and the coffee machine was located in the bathroom (see? Weird). The elevator is rather slow, however, since I stayed on the second floor, the stairs worked for me. The Bath and Body (vanilla scented) bathroom products were a nice surprise and there were more towels than I needed. 
My only criteria that was not met when searching for a place to stay was that this place is not dog-friendly.  Please note that the website states this place is pet-friendly and if you call the Holiday Inn Corporate Office*, they will re-assure you that this place is pet-friendly. BUT I ASSURE YOU THAT IT IS NOT PET-FRIENDLY. When I checked in, I inquired about the pet fee and the receptionist said that they were pet friendly about a year ago but not anymore and that it is a $175 penalty if they catch you with an animal. Since we got into town pretty late, we didn't have the option of finding another hotel so my poor puppy had to spend the night in the car; luckily the weather was cool enough for her. 

We ended up staying only a night and yes, I made sure my puppy peed on your lawn, Holiday Inn Ithaca.


*I called this hotel site to double check but couldn't get a hold of a receptionist, so hence, corporate office reference.
Stayed here for a soccer tournament.  Very nice place and location.  The service was excellent.  We needed more towels, got them.  More sheets for the sofa bed, got them.  Later that evening, the front desk called to make sure we had everything we need.  

The room was great.  Very clean and quiet, and we had a killer view from the 12th floor.  I stood on the balcony and watched the fighter planes take off during the day at distant MCAS Miramar.  

The two negatives that I have to mention:  $20 a day for parking in the hotel garage!  Gotta take a star off for that.  Save the money and park on the street next to the garage.  Also, all of the Marriotts I have stayed in usually have free WiFi.  This one charged $12.95 a day for internet access.  Ugh...  come on Marriott.  Just because it's La Jolla doesn't mean we are all rich.
I was looking for a place for my family and me to stay at for our trip to Sea World, and since this was for the weekend after the 4th of July holiday, I wasn't expecting to find a good place. I found out that my company has discounts for Marriott, and that's how I ended up here.

I got a room with two double beds at a reasonable price. I had booked everything on-line, and even requested a roll-away bed (since there was 5 of us). Check-in was simple, and when we got to the room, it was everything I expected (I saw a picture of the room on their website). Everything was clean and tidy, but the roll-away bed wasn't there. We called guest services, but they said that they ran out of them. I was kind of disappointed since I had specifically requested one right when I booked. Not long after we checked in, we decided to go to the mall, which is right across the street, and we also had dinner nearby. That's one of the good things about this hotel: it's close to everything (there's even an L&L Hawaiian BBQ walking distance away). We even made a trip to Walmart to grab some munchies for Sea World the next day. When we got back to the room, there was an air mattress with a blanket and extra pillows. I was no longer disappointed.

-1 star because parking is a ridiculous $17 that they just add on to the room costs. If I'm in the area again, I would probably stay here again (and just park my car at L&L and use the $17 I would have paid for parking on some Hawaiin BBQ).
I arrived pretty late for some career fair recruiting. The front desk people were extremely pleasant and friendly. 

My given room was 401. I entered, a bit small, but lots of little nice amenities. The room was absolutely freezing. I turned on the TV, bunkered in the bed. And then the lights went out. Fuse blown. I called the front desk and someone came and flipped the switch. 

After trying to work with the heater for about an hour and a half, I called down to the front desk again and they said the central heating was off so no heat available. BUT, there is a space heater they could provide. 

Very nice gentleman comes up, and then tries to find a plug for me. Very nice, slightly awkward because the room is small and I am in pjs. 

10 min later fuse blows. Gentleman comes back up, he is not as familiar as the first guy and comes into the room to examine. Goes downstairs, figures something out. 

10 min later. Repeat above. It is now about 1 AM. The lights are out, the room is freezing, I am exhausted. He suggests moving to another room and floor. 

Ok. I pack up all my things. I grab my bag and he comes to move the other things. It is dark because of the fuse, and I leave my earrings in the bathroom, where I had taken them off before showering. 

Every day I ask about the earrings. Everyday there is a new person who has no idea what I am talking about but is very nice and offers to follow through. I stayed there four days, and still no one contacted me back. Last day, I speak with Jessica, very nice, who mentioned she would pass along a note to the head of housekeeping. Wonderful. 

I just called to follow up, and basically, nothing, not really any sympathy, no offer to replace the earrings, and Calvin said "They really should have called you right away". Who is they? He is the head of housekeeping. I have been waiting to hear from him! 

There were four of us, there for four days, and rented out the conference rooms there. On the first night, all of us froze, and in my room change, I lost a favorite pair of earrings. Just felt like something extra could have been done here, or a genuine apology/ call would have been nice. They were only forty dollars. I think he could have offered to replace them. 

On a whole staying at the Bell Tower was pleasant, they were very accommodating with us using rooms for our interviews (we did rent them), and the staff was super cheerful.

I did use the fitness center. It could use a fan. 

So, if you are staying there. DO NOT stay in room 401.
Ok, hotel.  Not great!  Was excited it's in La Jolla but not close enough to the coast for any views.  Overall, was nice hotel but for price, I wasn't impressed.  Next time would find less expensive place to stay.
Great food (they share a kitchen with Latitude's so you can order off either menu) and martini night is Tuesday. Not the best night scene as it is where the shady locals love to go.
Who deleted my review of Sunnyledge?

Back in April, I met a girl for drinks at the Sunnyledge.  We had both heard good things about the place and that they had a great martini menu.  When we arrived there, however it was a different story.  We were met at the door by the hostess (I presume) who did not take our arrival kindly and seemed annoyed that we were there.

We shrugged it off and went to the bar.  The bartender was something else and it seemed as if he was on a variety of drugs. He acted as if he was on the last quaaludes in his posession and moved with a subtle grace most often reserved for Miss Universe pageant constestants.  And that's saying something.

The bartender would disappear for long periods of time, during which we would hear odd sounds coming from the kitchen.  Mostly the sounds of silverware banging around.  It was as if the hostess and bartender were throwing cutlery at each other in attempts to get us to think just what the hell was going on.  We were there for about 2 hours  and during that time saw the bartender a total of 4 times.  Most of the time he was hiding out in the kitchen.  

Even when it came time to get our check, it took about 15 minutes for him to return with my card.

Terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place.  I have no plans on returning.

I hope this isn't deleted again, and if it is, I will make sure it's well known and will take printed copies of this and put them up around Sunnyledge and use every contact I have to get this printed in the Post Gazette and City Paper.  I have the means, I have the will.
Excellent customer service
Historic, so much so that I thought the boogie man was gonna get me any moment.  There is an erie feel to the Inn.  Looking into the mirrors, was a skeletal reflection going to look back at me?  Looking into the hall way paintings, were eyes shifting as I walked by?  I swear, I saw this place on a Lifetime ghost special.  It smelled ghost too, HAHAHA.

In any case, it was my college roommate's wedding to a good man.  It was a beautiful setting and nice sneakaway from NYC for the night.  Place was clean.  Staff friendly.  Food good surprisingly--sea bass with mango curry sauce.

It's one for the travel hit list.  Reading the reviw though, I got a steal.  The wedding block rate was $140.
This place is super exclusive, members only. But if you know someone who's a member, have them take you there! To start off the food is great, the service is much better than the amount you're paying for, also, no gratuity is given at this place. The menu isn't very big, with only about 10 entrees, but everything on there sounds good, looks good, tastes good. I got the Orange Tequila Lime Chicken which was delicious! My friends got Salmon and Tenderloin. Everyone was happy with their dishes and the waiters are always coming by to see if everythings okay and to top off your water. Although the prices for entrees vary from $25 - $40, you'll have a hard time finding food/service this good for that price. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's into fine dining. They also have a wide and respectable (that means expensive) wine selection
Well, I've been to Soleil three more times since my initial review, and have ordered the fondue each and every time. Every time, it has impressed, and is one of the best fondues you'll find anywhere, even better than restaurants that charge twice the price for their fondues.

The French Savoyard fondue has an excellent, deep, rich blend of flavors. The sharpness of the gruyère is balanced with the sweetness of the emmenthaler. But then you add the unique, sharper flavor of the beaufort, and you really make an amazing fondue!

But the reason I'm updating this review is not to continue raving about the fondue because I already did enough of that in the previous review. I'm updating this review to also rave about their wonderful wine menu.

I've ordered a couple of their white wines with my cheese fondue, and they were both really quite good. The highlight, though, is their Italian Torre di Luna pinot grigio. It perfectly complemented my cheese fondue, and made for an excellent pairing.

One other thing worth mentioning is that you can park in their private garage for free; just have the restaurant validate your parking, and you're good!

Overall, Restaurant Soleil tucked into the Palo Alto Westin is certainly a hidden gem. Only 19 people have reviewed it here on Yelp, and those who haven't are certainly missing out!
Room was nice enough, although a little worn.
The location is great, right across the street from the main entrance to the university.
Plays up the "history" of its connection to Princeton wayyy too much.
Got an unrequested wakeup call at 5am one morning, not cool but can forgive a mistake.
Loses a lot of stars because I found two cermaic chips in my bowl of cheerios at their "tap room" restaurant ... very uncool.

Would give 1 star but that would put it on a par with Bistro Elan.
Bistro Elan is wayyy worse.
I love HFC.  Very nice staff, great food, and the sleeping rooms are cute (though very small).  The decorative rooms, the patrons, everything about the Faculty Club just makes it a nice place to be.  It's great for lunch if you don't feel like the typical loud, busy, fast-paced restaurants in Harvard Square. They have both buffets and plated meals.  And it's a good location for meetings as well.  Overall a great experience.  High quality without being pretentious.
Apparently you're supposed to be a member to come here but if they are having a slow service they will let members of the community come in as guests to eat. 

I came here with a party of 4 for their Sunday brunch buffet. It was simply fantastic. They had a spread I could only compare to a Vegas buffet at one of the nice hotels in terms of offerings and quality. The attitude here is pure Harvard though, be sure to be wearing your Sunday's best (no jeans or t-shirts). 

Some of the notable brunch items included: 
Belgium Waffles w/ fresh fruit, whipped cream, and syrup 
Bacon 
Home fries 
Hungarian Veal Goulash 
California Rolls 
Seared Tuna 
Shrimp 
Assorted pastries 
Mushroom Spinach Cream Sauce Crepes 
Omelet Station 
Lobster bisque 
Salmon 
Artisan Cheese 
Vegetarian Dumplings 
A table of about a dozen different mini desserts 
Banana Bread Pudding w/ fresh butterscotch 

All you can eat for $38 plus a free mimosa or bloody mary isn't a bad deal. Come here, take your time, relax and enjoy.
So, you have to be a member to eat here, so run out and become a member today! Not sure how one does that, but anyways...

I came here for lunch with some co-workers when I worked at The Huntington and I was blown away. I didn't want to look like a pig, so I didn't get the buffet, which was a mistake! What I did order was Fab, but small. Goat cheese and vegetable strudel. Get the buffet!!!!! I'm still jealous!
The jacuzzi was broken. The deck and lounge chair cushions around the pool look like they haven't been cleaned in months. The staff kept citing they were about to do a $17 million dollar renovation, but the manager really needs to wait for millions of dollars to spend $100 for new cushions at TJ Maxx and scrub the pool deck so it looks usable?
However everyone on staff was very nice. The room was clean and comfortable but needs updating. Beds were full size instead of queen - too small for 2 to sleep comfortably together so this is not the hotel for your romatic getaway. The water in the shower took a few mintues to get hot.
The hotel is a quick drive from all the San Diego sites - 15 to 20 minutes. Renting a car is a must. DON'T pay the ridiculous amount of $20 per night for parking in the hotel garage. You can park on the street on La Jolla Village Drive for free every day except Tuesday (street sweeping that day and signs are NOT posted - I found the info on sandiego.gov).
Spectacular venue next to the venerable Harvard Yard in the midst of this epic institution.  Class and quiet New England dignity abound in the place amidst the mahogany paneling and the thick velvet curtains. 

Exquisite service and outstanding food. We started with appetizers courtesy of the house, followed by a Roquefort Cheese and fruit plate and as the piece de resistance, halibut with a vegetable melange.  An exquisite dinner.  One of the features of the Club is a no tipping policy, a remnant of the old New England dinner club ethos, which makes it even better...
This is a historic inn (circa 1756) that is right in Palmer Square, which is the shopping district of downtown Princeton (if there is a downtown).  It's cute on first glance, but being a historic building, its got a lot of freaky going on.

I was placed here when I was in Princeton on business, and first of all, I'm not the type to spend $300 a night on lodging unless someone is totally kissing my ass the entire way, and this is not that type of place.  The service was friendly enough, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The restaurant (the Yankee Doodle Tap Room) is okay, but reminded more of a men's cigar club than a hotel restaurant.  

Overall, if you're really into staying in historic buildings, you might get some positive juju out of this building.  But you have to park in a lot 3 blocks away and walk (it was winter, snowing, and I'm a west coast gal), which was hugely inconvenient to me.

The bonus points it gets for being in a super cute area does not make up for the lack of value and overall lack of creature comforts.
Good but overpriced and pretentious
The Good: Location

The Bad: Mostly everything else. This is the only place near the downtown area of Princeton, and it takes complete advantage of that. It is an old hotel that has not really been updated. The rooms are small and cramped by American standards. The shower temperature fluctuates (on its own) from scolding hot, to freezing cold, to just right briefly, and repeats several times over the course of a shower. I talked to my friends who were staying in other rooms and they had the same issue. Guess it adds to the "old-style" feel? The walls are also thin and you can hear people in other rooms or outside your door. 

The one thing that ticked me off was when I asked for a cab ride. They offered to call me one, but they didn't call a traditional "yellow" cab/taxi company. Instead they called for a luxury sedan type cab that I'm sure they have a contract with. The luxury sedan didn't even have a taxi meter - just a flat rate. Way to rip-off your customers.

The OK: Service wasn't bad or good when directly comparing it to other hotels. For the price though, it should have been better. I noticed several times the front desk person was working alone answering phones calls, giving directions, checking in people, etc. There should be at least two people doing that. 

*I will never stay here again.
The Pasadena Athaeneum was built after a similar scholarly club of academic elites in London circa 1824.  The building includes a classical formal dining establishment which was first initiated in 1931 in honor of Albert Einstein.

Today the Athaeneum serves breakfast, lunch and dinner for faculty and scholarly members of the Caltech geek circle.  Among the personalities that treaded the halls of the Athenaeum was the jovial and curious character, my idol, Richard Feynman.

I had the honor of having lunch at the Athenaeum a few years back to entertain a customer working for "digital_animation_company".  The startup I worked for were Caltech PHd's and the main founder was an Athenaeum faculty club member.

The food was basically your classical hotel good quality lunch faire.  The service though was impeccable, very old school, butler-like service.  We had fresh salads, club sandwiches and light entree's served in perfection amidst a very old European atmosphere.  Gave me a sense of a tasteful (not too ornate in the Rococon art tradition) and distinguished Euro setting.

At the table were a couple of PHds, humble moi, our customer (whom we were hoping to impress with uber_geekness), and my LA_based Sales rep.  We had a wonderful time enjoying the lite lunch and the ambience, while listening to our founder telling us anecdotes and stories of the great minds that emerged out of Caltech.

When we walked out of the building to exchange our goodbyes, my Sales Rep stretches his overreaching long arms and innocently (or ignorantly?) remarks, "Wow, walking out of here, already makes me feel so intelligent!"
I have to thank the office again for taking me here.  The Reuben was excellent! The meat just melted in my mouth when I took a bite.  Also the dessert I had was very tasty.

*yumm*
We stayed in the tower.  Friendly staff.  Comfy bed and pillows.  Pretty nice place to stay.  Good, easy location.  Two blocks from Moosewood and the college.
This Marriott is expensive, but i'm still iffy on if it's worth it or not. Our one night stay was $300 in a standard room, that included parking and a breakfast buffet. And the reason why we stayed here was because it was the cheapest hotel in the area. The room was comfortable and we took full advantage by using the indoor outdoor pool, which was connected. So cool! And from the pool area, there was a nice view too. Also, they have a sauna and gym as well. The hotel staff was perfectly okay. The chef at the omelette station was friendly though. 

Overall: If you have the $$, this is a great hotel.
Literally home away from home.

It's surprising to read some other reviews that refer to the place's elegance...     To me this makes the HFC sound somewhat stuffy.

Instead, think of the club as your grandmother's house, if your grandmother was linked to an institution with a $29 billion endowment.

Still it's your grandmother - and there's an effort to be friendly and helpful.  And the staff is nice and they remember you.   And the wines are not overpriced, and the food is fine...  like a nice neighborhood place, with everything competently prepared.

If you work at the school, drop by afterwards and sit at the bar or outside (in the summer) at one of the tables behind the restaurant in the back and enjoy some relative peace and quiet.

During the winter the library is always nice.

Also it's a good place for casual meetings - and not a terrible place to interview prospective students if you're into that sort of thing.

If you stay overnight, be aware that the  rooms are badly in need of an upgrading;  the bedspreads and the blankets need to be tossed and replaced, and some modern electronics would be helpful
Interested in being a member of the Athenaeum, but have no idea how to go about joining? The only way to join the Athenaeum is to be a member of the Caltech/JPL community, either by working or studying there, or to be a member of the Caltech Associates, which is a support group for the Institute. 

Members of the Athenaeum are able to enjoy wonderfully prepared breakfasts, lunches and dinners. There are special events like wine maker dinners and holiday events like Mother's day brunch or the Christmas Buffet, and there are summer long kid friendly events with themed BBQ's. An amazing thing that I have participated in on many occasions are their alcohol tastings. Last week was a beer tasting where we could sample 30 different beers from all over the world, and it was only $20!

Being a member of the Associates not only gets you access to the Athenaeum, but also to the Caltech gym, the Caltech library services, exclusive seating at all the Caltech Public Events and Lecture Series, and exclusive access to intimate dinners with Caltech faculty to discuss their amazing research.

To learn more about the Associates and how to join the Athenaeum please visit, http://associates.caltech.edu/
What a perfect night!  My pal graduated from his residency program, it was my other friend's bday, the captain of the boat I got to help crew all over Mexico won an award, and the Lakers took game 7.  
Cocktail hour was at 6 in the courtyard; they had the game on a TV outside.  I ate durado, key lime pie, and had a super-duper time. I should smart up so I can join the club.
Fall in love with their Wed Prime Rib buffet - king crab legs, cocktail shrimps, oysters, sashimi, etc, etc..  Desserts are excellent.  The feast, service, and place are simply superb.
Easter brunch is THE BEST!  Well, anytime there's a buffet they put on an amazing spread.  The servers are polite as can be and the atmosphere is lovely, especially around the holidays.  

I shouldn't be writing this review on an empty stomach!  My mouth is watering just thinking about the poached salmon and king crab legs.
My review for the Athenaeum comes from the special events perspective.   If you are looking for a classy place to hold an event, look into the Athenaeum.   In order to have your event here though, you need to be sponsored by someone who is affiliated with the place.  Members include Caltech faculty, alumni, trustees, senior administrators, researchers, graduate students, and the Associates of the California Institute of Technology.  So get connected to Caltech ;)

1)  Beautiful wedding venue: They have a gorgeous courtyard to hold the reception.  The middle of the courtyard would feature the band or dj, the dance floor, and the head table.  Surrounding the rest of the courtyard are your guests celebrating the event with you.  The courtyard has wonderful decorating options: a beautiful canopy made of lights, specialty linen, tent material, etc.  If you have an imagination, make it happen.  There is also a great lounge area for hold your cocktail reception.  I've seen one wedding ceremony actually held on the steps right outside the courtyard.  It proved to be a great outdoor spot with beautiful arches framing the forefront of the ceremony decorated with flowers.  The food and the service was great.  (Plus, when you go photography shopping you'll see that many people have their weddings there.)

2)   A prom site:  My junior prom was held here and I thought it was beautiful.  To be honest, all memories of it aren't too clear because it several years ago, but I did think it was pretty back then.
Awesome salsa class w michael on sat night @ 8 30. He is the best teacher across south california.
One of the worst I've ever stayed in. Horrible 80's time capsule. Pool closed, idiots standing outside our door at 5:45 am filling cooler after cooler with ice. Front desk staff completely unwilling to help. A zero!
I have been putting off writing a review of The Ath because it is a Member's Only establishment and I didn't want it to seem like I was "nanny nanny boo boo" I'm a member and you're not...but the truth is, nanny nanny boo boo I'm a member and you're not. Sorry.

Anyway, if you know someone who is a member, have them take you there because the food and service are amazing! Wednesday is Prime Rib night featuring a buffet that rivals the best buffets in Vegas. For about $30 you can feast upon soups, salads, sushi, a raw bar (including king crab legs and oysters on the halfshell,) sides, hot entrees, prime rib, and desserts (including mini gourmet pastries, housemade ice cream, crepes and flambes of all kinds.) The lunch buffet is $11 and  fantastic. There are always special events like International Food nights which are great. The Rathskellar, the bar and game room downstairs, has a fabulous happy hour including $3 beer and $5 Kobe burgers. 

Groucho said he would never join a club that would have him as a member, clearly he never ate at the Ath.
This review is for the Tap Room, the pub/restaurant at the Nassau Inn. Take a cozy, charming, historic pub and then ruin it by hanging televisions on every surface, so you can't look anywhere in the bar without seeing 47 glowing screens.
Service ranges wildly from friendly to indifferent. Such a shame.
Soleil is located in the Westin ... had lunch here.  The Caesar salad was good stuff, try it with shrimp or chicken.  I also had the Kobe Burger, not so good, tasted like frozen grocery store meat, and served with standard diner type fries.  Atmosphere is pretty cool with open kitchen and bar seating.  Service was really good and the ice tea is mango or something fruity, very good!

Typical of what to expect in quality and prices from a hotel restaurant ... read: over priced.
Worst hotel ever!  Not Holiday Inns in general, just this particular Holiday Inn.  I've always had a good experience with Holiday Inns, but this one was beyond terrible.  I've stayed in crappy motels in Atlantic City and other spots but this was the worst of them all.  At least those other motels were clean.

For starters, the room smelled musty the second we walked in.  There was a damp feeling on everything.  As Michael W stated in his review, there was black mold on the shower curtains and bed skirts.  The metal in the room were rusty.  Obviously, this place has a problem with moisture that has been ongoing for quite some time.  They had the A/C on full blast when we first arrived so obviously they thought they would dry the place out.  We left the A/C running until we left Sunday morning (checked in Friday night) and no change.

I'm home now and have developed flu-like symptoms which I believe were caused by the mold in that room.  We spoke to some other guests staying on the first floor with us and they complained about the same things in their room.

The only bright spot to this place was the nice and friendly employees and the walking distance to the cute shops and restaurants downtown.  Also, as reviewer Michelle R. stated, the cleanliness and style was only seen in the lobby.
Loved it!! Food was great, no issues at all!!
I stayed here for a conference in mid-March.  All in all, I was extremely unimpressed.  If the next conference is held here, I'll stay elsewhere.

Good:

* Hotel staff were generally friendly and usually responsive.

* The room and amenities were clean.

* It was great to be close to UC San Diego, the beach, and other nice things about that area.

* The content and attendees of the conference were worthwhile, though Marriott had little or nothing to do with that aspect of things.

Bad:

* When last I checked, Sodexho Marriott was a major investor in private for-profit prisons.  This is horrible for our society and I regret doing business with such social parasites.

* The room was very expensive for its size and for the skimpy amenities.  The "balcony" was a sorry excuse for one - my cousin aptly called it the "suicide ledge".

* They charge $10/day for internet access.  Even at such a high price, the internet access was slow, unreliable, and wired-only - wireless was not available.

* They charge $17/day for parking in a dirty, poorly-lit parking garage, whether or not you're a hotel guest.  This is insane.

* They automatically deliver "USA Today" to your room, at a cost of $0.75/day, unless you opt-out.   I'm not interested in being railroaded into paying for such a low-quality newspaper, so I contacted the front desk within an hour of my arrival to politely opt-out.  They confirmed and said I would not receive the paper nor would I be charged for it.  However, on the last three days of my stay, they must have "forgotten" because I started receiving the paper.  And, sure enough, they tried to charge me for the paper for all five days of my stay.

* They had another conference event in the same rooms as ours immediately preceding our event.  This other conference ran late, and Marriott dedicated insufficient staff to cleaning up and getting ready for our event, with the end-result that I wasn't allowed to start setting up until about 9PM the night before our conference was to start, and they didn't set up my projector table until 9:05AM on the day of the conference, which started at 8AM!

* They're undergoing a significant remodel of their lobby and immediate surrounding areas.  As a result, the place looked terrible and occasionally during the conference the construction noises would drown out our discussions.

* They shut off the escalators between the lobby and the 2nd floor (with the conference rooms) at about 6PM, despite the fact that significant numbers of people were still about.

Bottom line:  Not worth it.
This review is for their Easter Sunday brunch only. $40/person in 2010 (excluding tax&tip). 
3 good stars:
1) Unlimited champagne/juice/mimosa & beverage.
2) Attentive service, super nice & clean white-table atmosphere. Quaint posh Palo Alto location. We got seated by the window & looked out the balcony. (Well, at least I did, everyone else was too busy stuffing their faces) 
3) huge variety & selection. From carving station (beef & lamb - was good) to waffle maker, omelet station, chocolate fountain, dessert table w/cakes. (you can tell I eat my dessert first). I filled myself up with the lamb, desserts & drizzled my crispy waffle under the chocolate fountain. 
2 negative stars:
1) mediocre food & culinary skills. They had a table of cheese, crackers & dried fruits , smoked salmon - all of which I can buy at the grocery store. So my $40 didn't get me very far - only quantity overload. 
2) The quality was very average. Sausage, bacon, eggs - all kept warm over the heat tray - can't remember what else if offered as it was not memorable. 
Overall, this is a fancy place to treat your hungry Dad/Uncle/boyfriend on special occasions as quantity definitely beats quality. I wouldn't take the stuck-up high maintenance foodie Mom or gf here.
Love the location and the amenities!  You can work out, shower then get back to the meeting.
I paid $10.95 to write this review.

No actually, I paid $10.95 for 24 hours of internet so that I could write this review, on top of the OTHER things that I needed to get done since I was here on business. You'd think, given all the "GET SOCIAL!" widgets on their fancy website linking to their Facebook, Twitter, 4Square, and blog links (but not Yelp or any review sites, I noticed), they'd be tech-savvy enough for wireless in their guest rooms, but not only am I hunched over a tiny little desk, tethered to a very short cable writing this, I had to pay extra for this service.

Rooms start here at $199. You'd think they could've figured SOME way to squeeze internet into the budget! After all, they're located in a major college town. They deliver the Wall Street Journal to every room in the morning, suggesting that they target a business-savvy clientele. No doubt even the ordinary travelers amongst us could make ample, grateful use of internet, but it's currently only available for free in the downstairs lobbies.

This wouldn't be such a big deal if 2 out of 3 elevators weren't broken, and the one remaining box is creaking up and down at a snail's pace. It's not easy going up and down those stairs when all you want to do is check your e-mail or spot-check an online itinerary. I ran into a guy in the elevator the other day who said he stayed at the Nassau several months ago, and ALL of the elevators then were out of service because they were being "refurbished." Apparently it takes months to refurbish each elevator, and meanwhile, they can't even manage to keep the elevator's call button light on. So you press it, and you wait... and wonder if it's actually coming... and wait some more... and then finally get impatient and tromp off to the stairwell, only to hear it open up as you ascend the first stair. Such a waste of time.

I wish I could say these repairs were taking so long because funds are being diverted into the upkeep of the hotel, but I'm not sure if that's the case. My bathtub faucet had a major drip -- more like a stream of water that could not be shut off. The sink pooled with water at the base of the spout whenever I turned it on. Like another reviewer, my shower would spontaneously lose water pressure or heat and just drizzle away inexplicably into nothing...

The room size was decent. I don't need a lot of space as long as the amenities are there. But they weren't. I didn't bother with the television in my room, so I can't comment on that. There was an iron and an ironing board. There was no fridge. There's free coffee in the lounge, but breakfast is extra.

I had a decent view and the location can't be beat. The lounges are very comfortable and nicely lit, and the staff is friendly enough, though they could have been a little more efficient when folks are standing in line waiting for help.

I wish I had had a better time here.
Went to the al fresco dinner and we were very disappointed. After a very long wait our shrimp skewer was ready but the shrimp had not  been cleaned properly so in addition to peeling them ( which is fine) we had to dig out bits of gritty vein too. Not fun. The orzo with the skewer was overcooked and had no flavor at all. The corn was soggy and overcooked. It is corn season but all the fresh sweetness had been boiled out of it. Such a shame. I wondered why they didn't grill the corn with the shrimp. Fish tacos were just ok. Grilled artichoke had no seasoning or flavor. The worst dish by far was the sweet potato fries. At first the fries were cold and soggy. We sent them back and they made a new order that was swimming in a cloyingly sweet soy caramel. Simply indelible.
Maitre D was told of our concerns and he was apologetic. I think he comped the fries. He asked us to fill out an evaluation card for the chef, which we did.
Now closed.

From their website:
 The Earle Uptown Location is Now Closed

After six great years, The Earle Uptown closed at the end of August. Thank you to all our guests who helped make The Earle Uptown a wonderful experience.
I was invited to the Athenaeum by my ex-CEO a few weeks back to discuss a project with Cal-tech. I've heard of this place only a few times in my life because I have no ties with Caltech and know maybe a couple people that went to school here. 

Outside seating during a perfect California evening with sangria and amazing food. Don't think it can get much better.
The Nassau Inn is the only game in town and they know it.  $200/night if you're lucky, $300/night if you're not, for lodging that would make a Hampton Inn manager fire a few people.  The fixtures are straight from the '70s, the rooms are not big, and the service is mediocre.  But that location--wow.  Doesn't get any better.

You'll want to stay here once and try the whole Palmer Square/downtown Princeton thing, but that's it.  If you have a car, there are 10 better options on Route 1 for less money.

Tip: Ask for the "transient" rate if you don't live in New Jersey.
YES AS GOOD AS IT GETS

I eat there every month and have for the last twenty years.


Just can not say enough about how wonderful it always is.
Stayed here this past weekend and I am not so sure if I even liked my stay. It served its purpose of being accommodating and had the essentials I needed for the weekend, but that's about it. 

Upon entrance, the lobby of the hotel looks modern, blue and cool. I was confused as to why there was a bar centered by the loby....As you start entering the actual hotel, the elevator was annoying to deal with. Seriously, three elevators?! The place had 12 levels! Not only that, but the wait for each elevator was super long and could only hold about like 7 people before it got too sensitive and wouldn't move. Not only that there was way too much security going on. I understand that they were trying to be cautious since fraternities were staying at the location, but they were so knit picky and even wanted to kick you out if people were talking! I don't think I have ever been to a hotel THAT strict. 

The room itself was nice and clean. The looks of it did not match the decor of the lobby. It looks like it should be updated. That's all I have to say!
I'm a busy lady these days, but as soon as I have some time (and cash) I'm opening a swanky boutique hotel in Metro Detroit.   But until then if you're coming to Ann Arbor I hear the Bell Tower Hotel is pretty much the best they've got.  

It's a fine hotel, but the wow factor just isn't there...
* The people who work here are nice enough
* The room is cozy and was probably quite nice back in the 80s
* They have internet access, although it's an ethernet cord (hello bell tower- get with the wifi program)
* There's an adequate gym in the basement that has 1 treadmill, 1 elliptical, and 1 weight machine
* They have nightly turn down service (thanks for my chocolate).

The location makes up for the lack of wowness so I'd probably stay here again if the price was right (under $150 seems like a fair deal).
The Good:

Nicely styled room and very good size.

Very close to the Ithaca Commons, which is where we went bar hopping for a bachelorette party, so very convenient.  We ended up skipping the cab after our long night out.

Max's restaurant on-site is easy for breakfast and pretty reasonably priced.


The Bad:

When we first checked into the hotel around 6 pm, there was plenty of parking in the two lots.  This was not the case when we came back around 10pm.  Interestingly, I asked about parking when checking in and the lady acted like their two lots is always more than enough.  I proceeded to clarify if the parking garage across the street was, indeed, their overflow parking, as the website had mentioned and was told yes, but pretty much blown off because the two lots were a lot to this employee.  So after driving around the building twice at 10pm I decided to just go to the parking garage.  Being from out of town, however, I had no idea what to do when there's not attendant at night and the machine won't give you a ticket.  Come to find out, you can park there free at night, but when leaving in the am, you better get up early and move your car.  When exiting without the ticket, I showed my paperwork from checking out and was charged the daily rate of $7!!!!  The attendant stated that the Holiday Inn hasn't paid the parking garage in years and so they charge thier guests for parking.  Maybe I got lied to by the attendant, or I got lied to by the Holiday Inn, either way, I paid for parking.

The linens could be softer also.

The server at Max's was either brand new, or very strange.  Hard to elaborate how he was strange, but he was not your typical server.

One of the employees at the front desk was also very very very strange.  He would answer everything in one word answers after long drawn out pauses.  I also inquired  with him at check out about the lot across the street.   I got the 1 minute pause, followed by a yes.  Hence, I thought parking over there was free.  He was even talking to his fellow coworker the same way when she asked him questions.  It was semi-amusing but also very confusing at the same time.

Overall, I would certainly stay here again.  I never got to check out the shower or any amentities, so maybe next time.  The location was great.  I can't say it's the cheapest place to stay, but in Ithaca you have limited options, so just go for it.
Hosted a few corporate events here.  You don't get much bang for your buck when it comes to their food.  The Hilton Torrey Pines was able to offer much more.  The staff was friendly though.

Their hotel restaurant 4240 brought this down from 3 stars to 2 stars.  I found a cockroach in my lemonade during a business lunch.  The servers were apologetic and management came out and apologized and comped our lunch (2 salads, 2 soft drinks)...but when I wrote a letter a few weeks letter expressing my disappointment, I did not get a response!!  Not even a written apology.  HOW RUDE!  You could be closed down for something like this.  Cockroaches=gross.  Cockroaches in my lemonade which I have already had a few drinks out of=NAUSEA.  Be careful friends...always look before you drink.  I learned the hard way.
Pricelined for 3 nights at a decent rate.

The room itself was fine.  But I had problems with other things like:

$20 parking fee (yeah, many hotels do it, but I'm still gonna complain dag nabbit).  It's served by ACE parking.  It looks like there's street parking available, so check it out if you stay here.

Room was cleaned inconsistently (sometimes we had enough towels, sometimes not, sometimes trash was taken out, sometimes not).

The worst for me was the Internet by iBahn.  It was absolute crap.  No wireless, so you need to hook up via ethernet cable.  $12.95 for a DAY, but no where does it say it's not a 24 hour day, it's a noon to noon "day."  So if you buy internet, say at 10 am., you could conceivably need to pay for another "day" if you plan on using it again later that afternoon.  That's bullcr*p.

Marriott, I know you chose this independent contractor, but I highly recommend you find someone else.
I stayed in room 219 in August 2009.  Friends of mine were getting married at the Princeton Chapel and the Nassau Inn is a very short walk to the chapel.  Can't beat the location.

Everything else about the hotel was far below expectations.  The worst was the large cockroach that I saw, and caught, in my room one evening.  The front desk attendant did move me to a different room when I gave him the cockroach in a glass but no change to the bill.  Also bad were the toilet that needed two flushes to clear the bowl, the basin faucet knobs that turned backward to turn on, and did I mention the cockroach?

I'll never recommend this hotel to anyone, even if they're visited Princeton campus.  Parking isn't hard and there's many hotels a short drive away.
This is pretty nice, as sports bars go. It's clean, there are TVs for every angle, and they have a pretty extensive menu featuring your normal pub grub. My only complaint is that the TVs were so loud I couldn't even have a conversation, which is not so cool with me. If you want to catch a specific game, however, it would probably be a good place to go.
For a decent priceline rate of 67 plus tax, I stayed here.

The beds were comfortable.  The room clean.

I did order room service at 11pm which was very fast.  The hamburger was actually very good.  They even, for an upcharge, gave me the truffle fries.

There are 2 pools and one hottub in the gym area.  The gym area was an intense array of equipment.  

They do charge for parking -- too much I think.
I really don't find it fair to rate The Athenaeum as a whole.  There are so many different parts and pieces to the faculty club.  So here's my breakdown:

Rath Al Fresco - overall 4 stars

  FOOD - 4 stars.  Had the pizza, it was great!  Not oily and piled with lots of toppings.  The grilled artichoke was also very tasty. 
  SERVICE -3 stars.  Everyone was friendly and the bartender was helpful with their nice selection of beers. He even let me have a tasting before I committed to a beer. 


Family BBQ Luau - overall 1 star

  FOOD - 2 stars.  The lomi lomi salmon was too salty, the mahi mahi was cold, therefore ended up being fishy, fried rice was made with an "Uncle Ben" type of rice rather than with Jasmine rice or short grain rice and the #1 thing wrong with the food is that they ran out of Kalua Pork when we sat down at 7:30pm.  My friend stood near the empty chafing dish where the Kalua was suppose to be and was advised by 4 different people that there was more and they were on their way to get it.  20 minutes later, a server finally came out and said they ran out. At that moment, they should have pulled the Kalua pork sign and removed the empty chasing dishes.  I also noticed the kids tables ran out of food.  

  SERVICE - 1 star for Executive Chef Kevin Isacsson.  We made a comment to the captain about our disappointment.  He then went back in to ask the Chef if there was more Kalua.  Apparently, the Chef's reply was, "Yes, we're out.  There's nothing I can do."  Frankly, there is a lot that he could have done:

1) He could have calculated the # of people that RSVP, by the # of tables reserved and by the # of seating blocks there were.  Simple math that any chef should be able to perform.  This would have told the Chef how many pounds of pork to purchase. 

2)  There should be a cut-off for RSVPs a few days before the event so that the Chef can appropriately order the amount of food that is required. 
 
3) He could have calculated the actual amount of Kalua and deployed the trays out a few per seating versus just  taking it all out at the beginning of the luau.  

4) Yes, I realize they ran out of food and there was nothing that he could have done, but a more compassionate answer from the chef would have probably prevented this negative review on his luau. 

I find this extremely unprofessional and frankly displays to me his lack of experience with catering and a lack of compassion for the event and the satisfaction of his guests.
I agree with the first reviewer. With the exception of Bistro Elan on California, I came away feeling like I'd definitely go back again. 

My friend had the salmon with the orzo pilaf. I had the halibut with Yukon potatoes (a bit dry) and a incredibly delicious sauce. Both dishes are highly recommended. 

Their corkage fee is $15.

The one thing I'd change are the dishes -- different, interesting, but a bit over the top :).
When in San Diego to visit my daughter the wife and I love to stay in La Jolla and at the Marriott. It is very centrally located, acroos the street from a large mall, and close to fwys. My daughter is only 10 minutes away. They have good restaurants and a nice lobby bar and are pet friendly. This hotel is only 10 minutes from Torrey pines golf course, close to Sea World and about 5 minutes from the San Diego Zoo. All rooms have a nice balconey where you can watch a nice California sunset or just look over the city abd to the Pacific ocean.
Love the simple, elegant presentation of every dish, and love even more the fact that each time I was there it was someone else buying. The swordfish I once had was bland (or do I eat too salty?) but the creme brulee was sweet but not too fatty and the coffee was awesome!
Will not be back way over priced for such small rooms and the customer service is terrible I am surprised Marriott is usually much better!!! Disappointed!!!!!!
Also our TV was not working and the hotel was having problems throughtout. The pool area could use LOTS of help but I guess it will be going through a renovation. Maybe that is why room rates are so high we are helping fund it?
This review is about group functions (20-100 people) hosted at the Harvard Faculty Club. The staff here have never disappointed. The hors d'oeuvres are typically copious, and the servers know how to cover the room and distribute them. They're usually really good quality -- 3.5-4 stars. When I've had cake here (like tonight), it has been moist and tasty (not sure if it's made on side, or by HUDS, or by some outside vendor). Trash trays and counters holding used glasses/dishes are always cleared quickly. Bar staff are attentive and polite. And the ambiance is quintessentially Harvard. Love when functions happen here!
the staff was nice enough especially at the bar and the kids loved the pool. It's near shops and restaurants. The room itself was terrible. The light in the bathroom went out and the fan didn't work. The shower head is mounted at about 5 ft high and I have long hair that was ridiculous to wash bending down to get under the water. I woke up the last morning with about 2 dozen ants on the chair next to my bed. We hadn't spilled anything on the chair so I don't know what was attracting them. It was also nearly $200 a night - with all the lovely bed and breakfasts in the area, I would rather spend a little more to stay somewhere else.
Lunch is affordable for a graduate student like me. A buffet is offered for 11$. Unfortunately, dinner is quite classy and expensive unless you happen to attend one of the Athenaeum's special events. Every Wednesday they offer a prime rib buffet for ~30$. This buffet is by far the best buffet I have ever been at (even compared to the ones at Vegas). Try the Berries Athenaeum for dessert if getting lunch. They always have a rotating menu that lets you try something different every time you visit.

The bar downstairs, called the Rathskeller, is a nice bar that offers very excellent on tap beers with a competent staff for a VERY affordable price (12$ a pitcher, and sometimes 9$ a pitcher). 5$ Kobe beef burgers on Mondays are great here. You get a Kobe burger with bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion, and avocado and fries on the side!
I've never stayed here, I am yelping their salsa nights on Friday and Saturday.  

There is a class that is offered before the open dancing begins. i haven't taken this class, but watched the end of it and it seemed like a fairly advanced lesson.  

-It is 21 and over.  
-$10 cover after 8pm
-Parking is free with validation

They play mostly salsa, with some merengue, cha cha, and bachata thrown in.  The dance floor can get kind of crowded, and there are these large pillars that are probably holding up the ceiling somehow, but make the dance floor smaller.  There is an abundance of men and women, and I was never at a loss for a partner.  

Music is by a dj, and there are 3 pool tables for nondancers.  There is a full bar with average prices ($5.50 for a vodka tonic).  They also have some food selections if you get hungry.

Been here twice, it's conveniently located in La Jolla/UTC area, and will be back.
Oh one wants it to be good, and it could be, but one gathers the place is just "pimping its ride".  The setting and vibe in the bar (good chicken sandwich and try the Blue Nile ale) is great -- especially for a California guy. But that is as far as it goes.  

So what is one to expect?  How about hot water??  Well, something is going on in those old pipes, but the warm flow was not coming to my room.  A question to the manager -- well, they aren't there, and don't seem to respond.  

And, when one drops close to $200 for a room, you might expect a bit more than a 12 foot by 12 foot space: room for a bed, chair and TV.  

Tried the business center for a desk -- well the internet was so slow, and kept dropping.  It ought to be better.

One ends up feeling like a chump.  Will I go back...of course, cause of the location.  

Why not fix this place up a bit.  My hunch is there is a prudent business person there: if it fills up, and we don't have to put any money into it, then enjoy the cash flow.
We have been to Soleil numerous times over the last six years and found it to always have the highest-quality cuisine served in a tastefully appointed, comfortable and QUIET dining environment.  Yes, you can dine at Soleil and carry on table conversation with a party of six, or even eight, and have everybody able to hear each other without shouting.  If you've grown frustrated with the high noise levels and many other restaurants, this is the place to go for that intimate dinner, or business meal where you want to be able to talk to each other, AND have a great meal.

The Sunday brunch is spectacular!  A huge array of dishes to choose from and all of champagne you can drink!  

Highly recommended!
I have stayed here as a hotel guest several times and have eaten the occasional lunch at the Club.  I've also been to countless banquets and private dinners.

The hotel rooms, which are not very large in number, are available for reservation by Harvard folks and members of faculty clubs at other universities that have signed a reciprocity agreement with Harvard.  I've stayed over perhaps 3 or 4 times in my life, sometimes for 5 or 6 days.  The rooms are simple and elegant and might remind you of a bed and breakfast place that actually had great taste.  There's no plaque on the wall that says that George Washington slept in your bed, but there might as well be: the place reeks of history and tradition.  The room won't look as modern as the ones in boutique hotels in your favorite downtown, but it doesn't need to.  The plumbing works and the bed will be comfortable.

In the old days, there was a killer hot breakfast buffet that came as part of your room charge.  Unfortunately, that's now gone.  Instead of kippers and hot Irish oatmeal, you'll have to make do with croissants, muesli, a fruit salad and coffee.  In other words, it's the dreaded continental breakfast.  As continental breakfasts go, it's far from the worst.  The croissants are flaky and fresh, except on weekends.

As far as the food service goes, it's kind of hit and miss.  If you have lunch with a Harvard faculty member who knows the good things to order, you'll probably do OK.  If you attend a banquet for 100 people, your dinner will remind you of the "rubber chicken circuit" that politicians and retired sports personalities sometimes complain about.

The people who work here are warm, cheerful, friendly and eager to please.  They're also very competent -- and proud of it.
*For the bar

While looking for places to have Easter brunch, I saw the Sunnyledge appear several times in my searching. They no longer do easter brunch, but they do have their martini bar - which many people seem to rave about. I should have stopped to think twice upon seeing that all 5 reviews here on yelp are at least 2 years old, but I threw caution to the wind and arrived early on a Friday evening.

Just getting off work, I came alone. The location is a historical landmark, a mansion built in 1889, and is the reason they deserve their single star. The mansion, from the lobby in the bar appears beautifully kept. The walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass. The furniture is elegant but not stuffy, and the bar was obviously once a den or a library that was converted. The bar is rather small, housing four 2-seat tables, a 4-top, and about 8 spaces at the bar. Behind the bar, light shines through a small collection of liquor bottles. The top of the bar and tables are inlaid with tile patterns and candles are spread throughout.

I browsed the martini menu, not finding much that would suit my palate as it all sounded sweeter, or too far from a martini(tequila, cointreau, and orange juice is closer to a margarita than a martini - and that Jose Cuervo on your top shelf doesn't send a good impression of your margarita). I stuck with the classic, then, and ordered a basic dry gin martini without garnish. 

It was made quickly and without love, shaking instead of stirring, and putting it in an un-chilled glass. Not that there was much to love, while the bottles on the shelf could be called mid-range, the bottles used for my drink and for others were right out of the bottom of the barrel. Banker's Club is the gin of choice here, and Burnett's flavored vodka is the base of most of the drinks on their menu. The martini came(Not filled to the top, seems they measure precisely to include garnish), strong with little vermouth, but given the alcohol, devoid of any flavor but ethanol and a hint of citrus.

I found as I drank that food is no longer available at all in the hotel as they no longer served as a restaurant, even though signage was still in place throughout the building. I quietly finished my drink and closed my tab. How much did my room temperature Banker's Club cost? A cool $9.

It appears that somewhere between the last two years and now, this hotel must have come upon hard times or new management. If you are staying at the hotel and need a drink, hop a cab to Walnut street. At least your hassle will be eased by a much better drink.
Won't dispute what others have said about the rooms, service, food or banquet facilities here, but Nassau Inn gets 5 stars for having the most centrally located restrooms in Princeton. They never fail to disappoint. 

When you're on the go in Princeton and gotta go, stop in at the Nassau Inn. 

The public library restrooms rate a close 2nd, but they get dinged for their limited hours.
I was pleasantly surprised! If you have a chance to go, make sure you are hungry, because there's a huge variety of very delicious things to try. I have to say, the food was wonderful. I had eggs benedict (the best I've ever had...and I've been around the eggs benedict block!), blintzes and waffles. I didn't make it to the seafood stand, but heard it was out of this world. Heard the same about the soups. Also, the desert table looked VERY dangerous. There was a healthier desert stand with fresh fruit and cheeses as well. But let me tell you about that waffle (that they make for you at the omelet station). It was big, fluffy, and warm. There were bawls of whipped cream, butter, berries and various syrups to complement my now favorite waffle. The staff was very friendly (not pretentious, but truly nice). There's a beautiful Steinway baby-grand in the lobby and Ms. Leila Pardell played some beautiful music. Enjoy her talents and ask for a card. She teaches piano. There's complimentary parking in the Broadway garage. Otherwise, try street parking.
My second cousin once removed and his fiance got married in Princeton - on Princeton's campus (which was lovely, by the way) and all the guests stayed here.  Locationally-speaking it's great.  Smack dab in the heart of Princeton - walking distance to all teh cutesy shops.

It's a small place and there was a bar/pub we all made excellent use of late into the night.

Where else ya gonna stay?  Choices around here are pretty limited.
I'm sorry to see all these negative reviews about the Inn.  My family and I stayed at the Inn for two nights (Saturday/Sunday nights stay) and we had no problem whatsoever.  The young lady at check in (same for check out) was delightful.  She's the kind of front desk person I would want for every hotel stay.  As everyone has agreed on, the location can't be beat.  There are shops, restaurants, bakeries and cute stores all around the Square (see my review on Chez Alice).  We had a lovely King room.  The bed and pillows were very comfortable and it was a nicely sized room.  The bathroom was very beautiful and spacious.  They seem to be doing a great job on the renovations so far.  I see there are people complaining about wifi.  I hear they are working on wifi in the rooms so that shouldn't be a problem in the near future.  I walked out early Sunday morning and it was so nice seeing a yoga class on the lawn.  The area is just so quaint with a lovely historic feel.  For me, it was a first class stay.
I was here for a wedding. I'll say this is a great location for a wedding. classy columns, spanish tile, oak paneled rooms, etc.

From what I understand you have to be a member of this club to have a wedding here, but alas, I have no ties to Caltech. 

First I need to find someone who'd be willing to join in matrimony before thinking about this place.
Our holiday party was held in the upstairs ballroom with over 700 employees in attendance.

First of all, the staff that works here are great! There were employees directing the various parties to their designated rooms with a smile and were all very helpful. 

Our ballroom was located at the top of the escalator. There was a little foyer area for social hour and it got super crowded with the amount of guests we had. It actually wasn't a very good set up. There were multiple bars located along the foyer area and the bartenders were friendly and provided service with a smile. 

Two types of appetizers were also served in the foyer, and those employees were super nice and kept coming to our group to hook it up. One was a tenderloin atop a cracker and the other was a cherry tomato with avo mouse in an edible baby pie crust. It was awesome!

Unfortunately, the food took a turn for the worse. The salad was plain and the rolls were hard. Our main entree was a pomegranate glazed chicken breast with asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes. It was cold, hard and not appetizing. I barely finished half my entree.

The dessert was forgettable. It was a pomegranate white chocolate mousse cake. Not a white chocolate fan, but I still ate most of it. Coffee was very bland and weak.

The room was spacious, and the dance floor barely met our capacity. Although most people left following the dinner and announcements, the dance floor was still packed and overflowed onto the carpeted floor. Bathroom were located right outside the ballroom, which was great.

Overall, it was a fun and successful event, but the food was truly lacking.
I shot a wedding here last May and this is one of my all-time favorite venues.  Two things that really stand out for me is the beautiful columns that look so amazing in photos, and the way they lit the grounds at night was as well very dramatic and photogenic.  Food and service was phenomenal!  See some sample photos on this slideshow: http://troadecphotography.myshowit.com/rocconicolewed
Bestest Yelp bud Ciara G and I stayed here for a couple nights, and were initially enthralled by:

* cool decor in the area adjacent to the front desk
* sofa area with wi-fi near the elevators
* cold lemonade and honeydew drinks
* fresh apples at the front desk

Initially, the pros:
* room were clean and decorated nicely
* nice smelling Bath & Body Works shampoo, conditioner and lotions
* a skinny balcony
* comfortable beds, with plenty of pillows
* desk with easy-access outlets and LAN cable

outweighed the cons:
* no available outlets next to the beds 
* no wi-fi in the rooms, LAN access only ($9.99/day)
* no refrigerator
* no food available nearby except for Subway after 11pm on a Sunday (room service ends at 11)
* $20/day for self park or $25/day valet service

But after we called down three separate times to ask the valet to have our car ready and were met with "hello ladies, did you want your car?" when we actually got to the valet, we were a little miffed.  When we arrived back at the hotel around midnight-ish two nights in a row, and had to park our car out front and bring the keys to the front desk, we were a little more miffed.

The three-star clincher was the 2nd day: we left one morning and asked the front desk to have our room made up, only to come back around midnight to find the same unmade beds, yet new towels in the bathroom.

This location is walking distance from coffee, bagels, sushi, etc. and driving distance from a mall, Robek's Juice, a tea shop, Starbucks, Borders, etc. - so it is convenient during business hours.  But I'd have appreciated a higher level of communication between the front desk and both the valet and housekeeping.
Located in Palo Alto's Westin Hotel on El Camino Real, we had Sunday brunch last weekend here and it turned out to be a better surprise then expected. The buffet style brunch had just enough offerings to satisfy our appetites: standard cheese board, smoked salmon bagel station, fresh squeezed OJ (or a mimosa if you're up for some bubbly), tossed salads, fish and chicken offerings, a prime rib and shank of lamb cut to serve (ask for the glaze they hold behind the meat station), veggies, eggs benedict, berry cream cheese crepe blintzes, fruit assortment, and dessert cart complete with French macaroons, mini tortes and tarts, and chocolate covered strawberries where the chocolate didn't even crackle off of the berry after the first bite (to die for!). At around $33/person, it was well worth sampling all of the offerings in a very intimate setting with family. Don't forget parking validation!
This is a good place to have a lunch meeting. It's quiet with a business atmosphere and reliable customer service. They do not have a large menu but it's still a variety and the food isn't bad. I recommend the salmon, the bbq chicken salad or the hamburger. Prices are what you would expect for a hotel, certainly not the cheapest. But when planning a business meeting, there is never a wait, always good service, and decent food. They also have sweet potato fries which is a plus in my book.
I'll keep it short and sweet:

Mold on the shower curtains, broken televisions and a staff that is extremely rude and incompetent, among other things. Expect unauthorized charges on your credit card and unreasonably poor service at every turn - don't worry though, at least you'll pay through the nose!
This is the most ridiculous hotel I ever stayed in. I would never stay in any of the Holiday Inns! 

I had a ventilator fan fell on me and not even a single associate at the Holiday Inn seems to be bothered about it. I stayed in this hotel, just because its in the downtown and is closer to Cornell Campus, but I figured that its better to stay in Marriott near airport and drive for 10 mins to reach campus than staying in Holiday Inn and having a fan fell on you :( I checked out of this hotel the next hour I had the fan fell on me and went on to stay at Marriott. 

The insurance company these people deal with, Auricchio Insurance (refer to http://bit.ly/NkCIwx), is not even BBB accredited and the person I dealt with (Diane from Auricchio) was really really rude. I just didn't want to hear her rude voice, so I just stopped following up with them on my case! These are a bunch of unprofessional people that I never ever want to deal with! 

Oh man, the whole experience was a nightmare!
Walking into this place is like walking into a version of America that most people will never get to experience. The interior is lavish and decorated in a classical american way that defines the aristocracy.

The lunch buffet is impressively stocked, featuring a cornucopia of the delicately prepared delights.  I don't know if the club is open to the public ( I came with a friend who worked at the University) but if you can get in, it's definitely worth it and not as expensive as one would imagine. The staff is quiet yet treats everyone as if they are royalty (as some of the patrons are).
Stayed here in May 2003. A step above other chain hotels in the area, this Holiday Inn is conveniently located within walking distance to the main downtown commercial district, so you're not stuck eating in the hotel restaurant. You've got options: rooms in a high-rise tower or in lower two-story surrounding building. I recommend the second option. Be sure to make your reservations years in advance for commencement season.
I'm no fancypants so the Holiday Inn met all of my needs.  The staff was very friendly and checking in and out was pretty easy.  Like any hotel, I highly recommend booking your room through a third party site.  We ended up paying a lot less after using priceline.  

I had absolutely no complaints about the room.  It didn't have every bell and whistle but I had free Wi-Fi so I was happy.  There's a sports bar with pretty good food inside so feel free to check that out too.  There's also a bunch of shops and stuff within walking distance.  You could do far worse than this hotel.
Pricey.  Better is the beer downstairs.  Must be a member to eat here.  Befriend a grad student and they can take you.  Just give them cahs for your drinks.
Ugh, I feel like all of these horrible reviews make me question my own taste! I actually enjoyed my stay at the Nassau Inn. My review is a bit biased though because the cost of my stay had already been taken care of - I'm sure if I had to pay $200-300 per NIGHT, I'd be pretty pissed too if my stay was anything but top-notch.

I'm pretty sure we received one of the newly renovated rooms. We had two queen beds (perfectly made with plenty of fluffy pillows), a flat screen TV, and a desk. The bathroom wasn't bad at all - the water pressure wasn't very strong in the shower, but the temperature was fine. We didn't have a single issue with bugs. In fact, my only gripe (it's a pretty big one though) was that they didn't have free wi-fi throughout the entire building. As of right now, it only seems to be offered in the public areas. How can your hotel not have wi-fi in a college town though?!

Service-wise, they were very courteous and it was super easy to check-in and check-out. They had complimentary coffee in the lobby every morning too. Isn't the pending charge they place on your credit card a standard at most hotels? I'm assuming they just don't want people messing up their rooms and then skipping town.

I really loved how historic everything was! It definitely is an older hotel, but I felt that the decor was very tasteful and appropriate. I enjoyed looking at the various paintings and photographs in the hallways as I walked past. The best thing about the Nassau Inn is definitely the location though. It's not just smack-dab in the middle of Palmer Square - it IS Palmer Square. The upper half of all of the buildings (of the various shops and restaurants) in Palmer Square are rooms at the Nassau Inn.
When I'm in town next I'll be staying here again.

This is the tiny sister hotel to the Campus Inn, with a slightly but not-too-recognizable improvement on value. For Ann Arbor you can't do a whole lot better, it gets the job done. It feels like it would be an awesome boutique hotel if Starwood or Kimpton purchased them and updated the styling and made some tasteful improvements.

Overall it is in a great location if you're in town for a campus event, bar hopping, or what have you. Free valet parking (make sure to tip well of course) was a nice plus, and the staff was super friendly.

The room I had was super small, around a few corners, up some stairs, and what not. But it felt like it had character: and by character, I mean I was thinking to myself: "all that's changed since I was born in Ann Arbor... is pretty much the additional of an ethernet plug in the room."  Oh, and no wireless Internet. So a walk to Espresso Royale is required for free web'ing.

(Michigan alum)
Big letdown overall. I thought Mariott was supposed to be a reasonably good hotel chain, but the room we had at the best western (la jolla inn by the sea) was much, much better.

Overall value is poor in my opinion.

They have 3 elevators for a large 14 story hotel. If you stay on a mid to lower floor, all the elevators can be full when they arrive, if you hope to use the elevators at peak times (ie much of the day). They're also old and noisy, it seemed like we could hear the elevators from inside our hotel room whooshing past at all hours, even though our room was not immediately next to the elevator shaft...

We requested an upper floor room and got something on the seventh floor. Sorry, its not high enough for any sort of view. The view was of an office park, how charming. The "balcony" is very small. No room to do anything more than stand in place, not that the view would have you wishing to hang out there.

Other issues include the heat lamp in the bathroom, which is on a timer, inexplicably had a low energy bulb in the socket. Its only good for some illumination, nothing more. This demonstrates the level of attention to detail in this hotel (its pretty bad).

Other lovely quirks include incredible slow maid service (read: up to an hour to clean a small room) and room service trays littering the hallways for many hours throughout the day: We checked in around 4pm and multiple breakfast trays were still littering the hallway. This adds a great "high class ghetto" kind of feeling, if you're in to that sort of thing...

There isn't much to do within walking distance of the hotel, so you'd better bring a car. Which means you'll pay extra for parking. 

Also on check-in they stated they only had rooms with two queen size beds available, instead on the single king. Ok, great -- Except that the beds are definitely NOT queen size, they're full. This does make a difference and contrary to the Mariott staff's apparent belief, people do notice that sort of thing. 

One saving grace is that the beds are relatively comfy, even though they're smaller than advertised. 

I would not recommend this place to any family or friends, its way too expensive for the quality you get.

One addendum - a saving grace of this place is that they do have a public laundry room, with multiple combo washer/dryer units that are FREE for guests to use. Yes, you read that right. Boxes of soap at the main desk for $2 a pop, if needed. 

The unexpected availability of cheap guest laundry, combined with the comfy bed, earned the two stars. But I still wouldn't go back, value is definitely not there for the $$$ especially when compared to other locations in the la jolla area. You can do much better elsewhere.
Experience was somewhere between a 2 and a 3. Reservations were kept, room reserved was nice, but it was right by the kitchen and dealing with the door and the kitchen noise became almost a comedy for the different parties who were meeting to discuss a business deal over lunch. By the end of the meeting, we'd each taken turns, round robin, in closing the door at least two to three times each, getting up when another person was talking to close the door again.

Meal was at best, "okay".  Once we received initial meal, we were mostly forgotten. I had to get assertive to get a pitcher of ice water. 

Dinners held here have been better. Not in the room by the kitchen, more attentive waiters, very good for a gathering of less than 15-20 senior business people from standpoint of ability to carry on group and separate conversations. 

Some of the outside parties held here in the evening have been very relaxing and it's nice that it's in a quiet, park-like setting.

Would I go there if someone else is paying? Sure. If I'm paying, .. probably not.

Parking is always good.
Cashed in some miles to stay here for a night.  After the night, we didn't seem to "get" why this was a 4-star property in the Marriott view of the world?  It felt more like a Courtyard than a true-Marriott.  But, it was convenient to everything and it is close to a college campus and it appeared that they had a good convention business going on there so, I guess they can call it whatever they want?

Pros:
The room was nice and clean.  
Shower? Loved it! 
The staff was helpful.  

Cons:
The parking? $20? Ridiculous.  
TV in room was in a weird spot, at the side of the bed so it was uncomfortable to watch.
Never again.  Beyond filthy.  Service horrible.  We went for a staycation over the weekend.  Checked in and was given a letter telling me the water was gonig to be turned off in the hotel on the day we checked out in the morning so shower before 8 a.m.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  Beyond that there are two restaurants.  4240 and Characters.  Both were supposed to open at 4 p.m.  Neither did.  We didnt' know that Characters Sports bar and grill was 21 and up.  Nothing in their hotel guide mentioned it.  So we sat around and waited till 7 p.m. to bring our son to dinner to rudely be told it was 21 and up.  OK??? so what about your other restaurant??? it  never opened.  So we called room service....AND GOT VOICEMAIL FOR A HALF HOUR.  Are you kidding me?? The pool is not even the size of your house pool.  No towels or service after calling 4 times.  No one ever came out to clean up peoples messes that they left.  Pool Menu??? hahahaha.  I've had more enjoyable stays at Quality Inn Suites.  I hope they read this review and get somebody in their to take over managing that hotel.  It's a real pit.
I remember when this Westin was built years ago and after reading the initial Mercury news review, I meant to try it out. Cut to years later, and I'd totally forgotten this place existed. So in the effort of finding something downtown PA that I'd not tried we gave it a shot. The hotel is quite nice and the walk upstairs into the well appointed dining room was a good first impression. However, the place was completely empty except for a table of four. Hmmm..not a good sign when you're in an area that has tons of retail activity. Given, they are off of the main Univ ave strip and they are in a hotel, but if the food is good, they will come right?

Then menu had a lot of interesting items, so much so, that I decided on the Soleil Sampler. Lamp chop, petite filet mignon, seared ahi, and mini lobster pot pie. Now everything was cooked well, but the flavors just didn't do it for me. The meats were on the salty side (and I like my sodium) with the ahi being on the bland side. Lobster pot pie might have been the most flavorful of the bunch but also the smallest. I'd have to say I was disappointed since my expectations of the Mercury review. 

The service was very nice and they treated us as though we were guests at the hotel. It's just too bad the cuisine seems to have gone down hill from what I remember reading. For the amount of money you'll end up paying, there are plenty of other place in the area where you'd have a much better meal.
Had the best Mother's Day Brunch here!  Glad I made early reservations because it gave us (well, my wife mostly) a chance to take in the details, not only in the facility but also in the presentation of the buffet.  We enjoyed the crab legs, oysters on the half shell, Mahi mahi with the olive tapenade, and of course huevos rancheros...the breakfast of champions!  Mimosa's were very good too. Even our picky eater found something he liked..the pancakes and waffles.  We were married here and enjoy coming on the special occasions and to the rath al fresco's .  Unlike other events, there were quite a few kids at Mother's Day brunch, it was cool to see my two boys chatting away at the buffett with other kids.  The Athenaeum never disappoints and we'll be back for next years Mother's Day brunch .
Nice Marriott.

Clean. Good management. Staff knows good restaurants. Bartender is good. Not pretentious.

However, I didn't get a upgrade to a club floor - even though I get them at other marriotts - and I am staying for six nights. Seriously, like a little time upstairs would be a bad thing? Especially since I got the room with a view of the roof over their meeting halls.

Okie, so I am not "gold or platnium" - but seriously - a dog down the hall? Barking in the morning that I was hoping to sleep in on?  Ouch. Bad move.

The good news is that the maid service is good and takes care of everything in standard Marriott style. The food in the bar "characters" is fair, but they also have a lot of evening singles party/mixers. And nothing is open in the morning on the weekends.

Anyway, convenient. Close to I-5 and I-805, and the UCSD medical campus. Local area rolls up the streets at 9pm. Not much nightlife, but at least there is a Starbucks and an einstien bagel around the corner of the next door strip mall.

Bottom line: Clean, but not spectacular.
If you know somebody, do it!

This review is about the Rathskeller. This place is awesome. Friday nights can get loud. I love it. The beer is amazing (lot's of craft beers on draft, OMG), and the food is good. Being a self proclaimed nerd, I feel at home.
Unless you are willing to stay on RT-1, Nassau Inn is your only option in Princeton.  The rooms are small, decor is in need of an update, and the bathrooms are small.  Rooms usually go for about $200.  The place is clean enough and the bar (the Tap Room) is nice.  My biggest complaint is the room temperature... overwhelmingly hot in the winter and barely cool in the summer.  On a winter stay, I had the heater off and the window open and the room took forever to get to comfortable.  I got stuck in a smoking room one time and it certainly smelled like 200 years of smokers.

Basically, if staying in downtown Princeton is more important than a comfortable room then then Nassau Inn will do.  It is in serious need of a renovation though.
What a horrible, horrible place! I have been at highway Motels that are far superior. The first time I stayed here, it was in the "Old Wing", which is absolutely abominable. The second time I requested a room in the "New Wing", hoping it was a bit more modern, but it regrettably is not much better. Poorly lit rooms, cheap furniture, fake plastic plants, stains in the bathroom, nails with missing paintings on the wall and an overall utterly somber atmosphere. No free Internet access and no wireless whatsoever in the rooms. Window AC units that hang out and when it rains, the splatter hitting the outside AC housing makes so much noise, it is absolutely impossible to sleep. If this place wasn't located so conveniently in the center of Princeton, it would have gone out of business ages ago.  Next time I will stay at one of the chains on Route 1.
Now this is how you treat your guests!  Joshua Backes at the front desk is a great guy.  Polite, cheerful and eager to please.  The room was spotless and the toiletries were from Bath and Body Works.  The teensy gym was a let down, but at least there was one.  The pool looked nice, but I hate pools.  Right smack dab in The Commons, near the nice restaurants like Mahogany Grill, Simeons, Just a Taste, etc.
This is a really cute spot.  I hung out here with people I know from LA --there are cute little details in the rooms, like a black iron balcony with patio furniture, feet on the bathtub, and ornate water faucets.

They are also home to the Earle Downtown.

They have great customer service, they safely stowed away my baby carriage when I wasn't even a guest, and they allowed my friend to have her bridal luncheon here in a conference room for free.
was here for a wedding this past sunday. Outdoor ceremony, which is located right next to the reception. For reception, it was held at an open / outdoor area, surrounded by pillars and the open area was covered by this beautiful tent / drape.

the venue is nice.. but one thing i dont like about is that the pillars blocked the view of the stage.. i dont think i would have my wedding there.. it was hard to see if you have the wrong seat.  but other than that.. this place was sophisticated and classy!

dinner menu for the night:
Tuscan Stuffed Chicken, filled with prosciutto, mozzarella and spinach, and parmigiano herb risotto. The risotto was EXCELLENT! it was sooo gooood! 

Macadamia Crused Mahi Mahi, roasted pineapple salsa, red mango rice and tempura green beans... the mahi mahi was so soft and fresh.  I like the mahi mahi a lot.. more than the chicken.
Stayed here during the week for 2 consecutive weeks. The staff is friendly and this hotel is centrally located between the 805 and the 5. There is both and indoor and outdoor pool and a gym with a sauna. The only weird part is that the weight machines surround the pool. There is a flat bench and a handful of dumbells.

For Silver Elite members, there is a reception with free drinks and appetizers on Tuesdays from 5pm-6pm. Wednesday is Salsa Night at the bar downstairs and is popping. Thuesday is singles night for those over 30 years old and that is NOT popping.

The rooms are modernly furnished (32inch flat screen TV) and beds comfortable. You get a little balcony which is a nice feature. There are tennis courts nearby and UCSD is very close. I would definitely stay here again.
So, i have returned to the Holiday Inn Ithaca. All the construction is done and the elevator are back in order. They now have a reception Monday through Thursday at 5:00pm with free drinkings and hors d'oeuvres. Still have a few problem with the hotel though. First, if there is no refrigerator in the room it would be nice to have a ice maker on every floor, and second i think it is time to get some new TVs, I'm pretty sure Zenith went out of business in 1995.
I think the Earl is a unique restaurant in the area. When you walk in the "basement" you get a feeling of hiding from the outside world which makes you relax. It's decor is old fashioned and rustic (not necessarily pretty). One wing is the bar with small tables and the other is the restaurant. 

The wine selection is extensive, so you would definitely need some help from the connoiseur (if he is available..). Food is very tasty and portions are large. 
It is not a romantic restaurant. It is more a place  to have dinner with your long term husband ( more than 5yrs) on a non-special day.... ( a  Wednesday)
I also had a business dinner there and found it very appropriate for the ocassion.
Had dinner here with 3 friends. The food selection was pretty good. I ordered a tasting platter along with a friend. The lobster pot was delicious but unfortunately that was the only thing that had real flavor. The dish included a lamb chop and steak and seared tuna, all of which I thought was very bland. My friend who ordered the same thing and was glad that there wasn't much seasoning on the meat ( I guess it depend on what you are looking for .) The dessert menu was a typical dessert menu with the Tiramisu , chocolate cake, creme brulee ,etc.

The atmosphere was nice but overall, for this kind of money, I would expect more.
A little word of advice to the management here:  Style and cleanliness do not begin and end in the hotel lobby.

This is the first Holiday Inn that I've ever stayed at that I was thoroughly disappointed in.  My boyfriend is a Preferred Club member, so we thought we would get great service during our recent stay here.  We booked a room for an entire week to vacation around the Finger Lakes and attend the Finger Lakes Wine Festival.  You would think that if a hotel has room availability and a preferred club member books a stay for an entire week, they would be given one of the best rooms for the money.  Not here.  We were given one of the worst rooms in what resembled "the welfare wing" of the hotel.  

Top 5 things that were so NOT right with our room and / or the overall hotel atmosphere / appearance:

1) Parking lot was too small for the size of the hotel:  almost every night when we got back from our day trips, the parking lot was jam packed and there were no spots available.  Instead of offering complimentary parking at the public garage directly across the street, the staff at the front desk pretty much just shrugged their shoulders and told us we were on our own to find parking (except for on the weekend, when parking in the garage across the way was free).  REALLY?  That's how you show your preferred club members appreciation for being loyal?

2) No refrigerator in our room (this is the only hotel I've ever stayed at where the room didn't have at least some sort of mini fridge)

3) Plumbing issues:  our sink kept backing up from the first time we used it and the faucet was installed incorrectly (you had to turn the handle to the "hot" side to get cold water and vice versa).

4) Overall cleanliness:  Rugs and floors throughout the building's public areas were dirty.  The rugs looked like they hadn't been properly vacuumed in weeks and there were a lot of cobwebs in the corners of the hallways and stairs.  The rug in our room was only vacuumed ONCE the entire week we stayed there.  There were cobwebs inside all of the lampshades in our room. Gross.

5) Overall, the amenities were severely lacking.  No complimentary continental breakfast for preferred members, ice / vending machines not conveniently located (especially considering that there was no mini fridge provided in the room), pillows and comforter were stained.

Another thing that bothered me about this place was the way they treat their staff.  The staff had an outdoor eating table / break area that consisted of a picnic table tucked away behind a high fence...DIRECTLY next to the garbage dumpster!  REALLY?!  That's how you treat your staff that works hard all day to keep this hotel afloat?  No wonder they can't be bothered doing a thorough cleaning job around the hotel if they are being treated that way!

Needless to say, we won't be staying here on our next visit to Ithica.  We'll be staying at the Hilton across the street or at a B&B and get better service for pretty much the same price!
I went here for a business dinner this past weekend (12/10). The food was VERY good, as was our waiter.  I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys good food and does not worry about prices.  The decor is very nice - old victorian charm.
What a sad experience.

True, the hotel itself is cool. It has a nice lobby bar with interesting decor and a sweet fireplace but...

I was there with a decent sized group for a corporate function. A celebratory dinner, in fact. We are pretty easy going group. All we look for at these dinners is some adequate service, plenty of drinks and decent food.

Unfortunately, at our table, we didn't get any of that. Our waitress has to have been one of the most inept individuals I have ever dealt with in a hotel. She was slow to get our first round of drinks out. (In fact, it was another waiter who took care of most of us.) No big deal, there was a buffet of appetizers in the room and people were mingling, it's hard to keep up at this point. I understand.

She came to take our dinner orders. She was reasonably friendly when we ordered and took the time to write down our orders. There were only eight of us at the table. Not too big a party, but I was happy to see her writing down the orders. That's a good sign that the food will come out to us correct, right? Wrong.

When the first course came out, she completely forgot three of the dishes. And by forgot, I mean it was obvious she never placed the order. The three missing dishes took about 5 minutes to arrive after the first round of plates were served at our table. And these three plates weren't all salad or soup. It was a combination, so obviously they weren't late because the chef was slow preparing one type of dish. She was obviously frazzled by the mix up, though she tried not to let on.

Things started getting worse from here. Drink service as the second round came was non-existent. My friend next to me sat with her wine glass empty FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT with nary an offer to refill it in sight.

As the plates were delivered it became quickly apparent that once again three meals were missing in the initial delivery. It took 10 minutes for 2 of the three missing steak dishes to arrive at the table. By the time they did I was almost done with my salmon as was most of the rest of the table. But the big problem here is that the third steak, my sister's order, was nowhere in sight. We sat there staring at her empty place on the table for a good 5 minutes and finally called over a waitress (not ours, she was hardly ever to be found) and asked her to please find out what was going on. She returned a minute or so later and said that the steak was almost finished and would be out soon.

I don't know what their definition of soon is, but I don't think we'd agree if I did. Another several minutes later our actual waitress appeared and came to my sister to tell her there was a "mix-up" in the kitchen and that her steak would be out in 5 minutes. At this point everyone at our table was finished with their food (minus the two late starters). My sister was aggravated but said thank you and continued to wait.

Several minutes later, the head waiter comes over to our table from the kitchen and apologizes to my sister and tells her it will just be about 5 minutes and he's very sorry.

In fact, it took about 10 minutes so I guess 5 from the waitress and 5 from the head waiter was about accurate. Really? As it was EVERYONE in the room was already done with their second course before my sister's meal finally arrived. The waitress put the steak down in front of her, nervously asked if she had also ordered a dessert earlier and walked away.

My sister cut into her "well done" steak and cringed at the ridiculous amount of red that bled from the steak. I know some people like it rare, but this was supposed to a well done steak. They even butterfly cut it to try and speed up the process, but they were obviously stunned by this last minute order and rushed it too much. The entire steak was still rare.

At this point my sister called back the waitress and told her to just take it back. She didn't want her dinner at all anymore, especially since the rest of the room was starting to be prepped for dessert.

The head waiter came over a few minutes later and asked about my sister's steak. "Was it not the temperature you requested?"

Seriously? You should already know the complaint and you should be offering to correct it. Not attempting to find out now what is wrong from the wronged. To make it worse he says to her, "I have no idea how this happened. I can give you a sandwich, or a quick salad if you like."

Really? A cold cut, or a salad to replace what was supposed to be a delicious fine dining experience? You have got to be kidding me. But he didn't stop there. He then offered anything on the regular menu (we were ordering from a special menu for the event)... he even offered their standard chicken dinner.

My sister politely told him no, that wasn't adequate and she no longer wanted a dinner so late into the event.

He shrugged and walked away. Apparently content that he had tried to please this obviously frustrated customer.

P.S. Dessert sucked too. What a horrible experience.
My friend is a member of the Athenaeum so I'm fortunate to be able to dine at this elegant and historic club on occasion. During the summer we were able to savor a gourmet 3-course meal for only $25.00. The meat is always cooked perfectly to order and their desserts are dressed with mouth-watering fresh berries. Even if the food were not so delicious, I'd be thrilled to drink in the richly-paneled surroundings. What a treat!
This is an old hotel, but old in a good way. Clean and quaint. I have nothing to complain about: super friendly staff, cozy rooms, and delicious breakfast buffet---all right in the heart of campus.
Sadly the only saving graces for Soleil are the service, location and the 1000 Open Table Bonus Points, um yeah, I just checked, the points are 'pending', pending what?!?  A good review?  Sorry I cannot tell a lie about mediocre food.  

Soleil is probably used as a marketing tool for the Westin or rather, a sit down version of their room service.  Yes, it's pretty bad:

-Caesar salad, absolutely NO flavor.  
-Lobster/crab cakeS, don't advertise CAKES, when there is only ONE, not bad, the best thing of the night.
-Duck confit, overcooked and WAY too many beans, but not horrible.  
-Soleil tasting was pretty horrendous, it was worst than last week's left overs at Aunt Edna's.  The filet was dry, medium, when RARE was requested, also it was drenched in sauce that was reminiscent of something one could purchase at a discount store, the ahi was GRAY in color, the lamb chop was very fatty and the lobster pot pie was laughable.  

Freebies: bread, not very good, not crusty or crunchy, the olive oil and balsalmic had a mound of buttered minced garlic-yum.

Odd and a bit scary: the brunch stainless steel warmers were still sitting on the dining floor.  

Parking: Soleil validates, make sure you get this or you'll be even more pissed that you had an wretched overpriced meal AND had to pay for parking.
As a JPL employee, I was a card carrying member of the Athenaeum for about a year.  In the end we decided to drop our membership in favor of a Disneyland annual pass, which is about half the price for California residents.

The Athenaeum is a beautiful place to dine, despite it's very old and stodgy clientele.   However service can be quite bad.  Everyone is always friendly, but we've been served by CalTech students on a few occasions who knew nothing about the menu for example.

The food can be hit or miss too.  I've been served poorly seasoned steaks that are still cold in the middle for example, and meat quality does not compare to local favorites like Ruth's Chris or Arroyo Chop House (a person fav).  Pasadena has some truly great restaurants so I think it's imperative that the Athenaeum raise it's standards.
As a non-native Pittsburgher, I would say the Sunnyledge brunch tops Grand Concourse.  Not in the quantity, but in the service and the ambience.  It's funny how often I passed by this place turning onto Fifth coming down from Wilkins, but didn't try it until my last weekend in Pittsburgh.

I came here on my last Sunday in Pittsburgh after I had posted a list of things I wanted to do before leaving.  The Sunnyledge owner offered a deal and graciously gave the 4 of us a round of mimosas.  Along with this deal, we had an incredible brunch.

The 4 of us were sat on the porch, overlooking Fifth which wasn't that loud.  The brunch came with an entree and a buffet.  I love perfectly-sized portions and this one was it.  I had a lobster club sandwich which was great.  The brunch buffet was held in a room in the lobby, which was quaint and small.  Caviar.  Small pastries.  Just the perfect balance of sweet and savory.  Even though the crowd here were a little more upscale and classy (one of the few places that I saw valet parking), I never felt that I was treated any less (I was a poor graduate student with a love of food).

The only drawback was that the tables and chairs were somewhat cramped.  I had to struggle with getting out of my chair each time to go to the buffet.  But this was a small negative compared to my experience at Sunnyledge.

I hear that Sunnyledge is known for their cocktails as well as their stay.  Next time I am in Pittsburgh, I would like to try out the boutique hotel.  But until then, I would highly recommend this brunch.
The family went for Father's Day brunch and it was great!  Definitely added to my list of brunch spots now.  Turns out, they have Champagne Brunch every Sunday. $32.95 for adults, $22.95 for seniors and free for kids under 3.

Although the restaurant itself is small, it's intimate and has a great selection of food.  They have a cold food bar, hot food bar, carving station, omelet station, and plenty of desserts, including a chocolate fountain!  I got full really fast, but if I could, I wanted to eat EVERYTHING!
I don't know if this place necessarily deserves 2 stars but I felt a bit betrayed! 
A friend of ours is going through some relationship dealings and some of the girls in our group got together here for brunch. It was recommended to J from a co-worker so I called them up to make sure they did a brunch, what times, and (of course) do they have UNLIMITED mimosas?
Well apparently they said they do on the phone SO for $32/person and a huge buffet a food, I think it's worth it. 
The attendants were really nice and helpful while we were eating and talking. Right away they asked us what we want to drink, we said champagne or mimosas - HOWEVER at this point the attendant says they only allow 2 drinks per person. I was a bit confused because I had double checked to make sure it was unlimited and what's the point of going if it's that expensive w/o all the alcohol?! (HEY - we are drunkards who are going through some severely depressing crap!). Anyway, the food was edible but it was more designed for the lunch crowd - Plus I feel weird mixing sushi and salami with bacon and eggs (But maybe that's just me).
I really don't think I will be coming back here again - A little too pricey for a smaller buffet and limited mimosas!
My husband and I have eaten here countless times.  The food is divine, the ambiance is lovely, and the service is impeccable.  We got married in a church, but had our reception here.  We've been married for almost two years and people are still talking about what a great time they had at our wedding.  

When we were first trying to figure out where to have our wedding reception, we knew the Ath would be a contender.  Our goal was to have a beautiful atmosphere, but we had to have delicious food.  Nobody wants hotel food--rubbery chicken and overcooked steaks (always with a side of sad, over-buttered string beans and a lone baby carrot with the stem "artfully" still attached).  We called around at several venues, and the Athenaeum's prices are competitive.  And, did I mention that the food is delicious?  We had a hard time deciding on the menu at our tasting because everything was so mouth wateringly good.  From entrees to side dishes, the Athenaeum has delectable options for every kind of palate or dietary preference.

At first, we were fairly certain that we were going to have a sit-down meal.  Then, we tasted all of the options and thought, why NOT do buffet?  Who cares if it's less "formal"?  We decided we'd rather put our money into more food options, and food quantity, rather than to pay for extra staff to serve plates.  With a buffet, everyone can get something they love, and go back for more if they really enjoy something, which is exactly what happened.  My favorite dish was actually the cheese ravioli.  Words can't describe how creamy and amazing these were.  I was so busy with visiting guests that I didn't eat much that day (the typical plight of the bride), but apparently the prime rib from the carving station was the greatest thing ever.  

We had a modified cosmopolitan as our signature drink.  It was fun, and probably also ended up keeping our bar tab in check.  Guests liked seeing it being poured through our ice sculpture.  (I know, it's kind of over-the-top, but when other, than our wedding, were we going to have an excuse to use a monogrammed ice luge???)  The Athenaeum is such a respectable place that I felt comfortable about having open bar there.  When you're planning, you hear horror stories about how certain hotels fudge on the bar tab, or simultaneously open several bottles and then charge you for every open bottle, or whisk away half-consumed drinks so that the guest will have to go get another cocktail.  Not here.  I felt confident that everything was run in an honest manner, and the final bill, which was in line with our expectations, proved it.

We had dining inside the building, and our dance floor outside.  We got married in autumn, and the weather ended up being perfect, but we're glad we had everything set up as we did.  The outdoor space was great for the cocktail hour and dancing after dinner.  There was plenty of space for our 130-ish guests and our band.  We had several areas with tables and chairs set up for folks who were tired from cutting a rug, or our older guests who appreciated a seat while still being able to socialize and watch the action on the dance floor.  

The patio is absolutely enchanting.  The white lights streaming across the open ceiling make the area absolutely magical at night.  We wished we could have had the outdoor chandelier, but they won't hang it until Thanksgiving-time, and our wedding was just before then.  The other minor downer is that, because the Athenaeum is located in the middle of a residential area, music has to stop at 10:00.  I completely understand how annoying music blaring for the neighbors must be...but I wish we could have danced for another hour or two.  We were having so much fun and then, like Cinderella's coach, it all had to end and turned into a pumpkin when the clock chimed.  (At least ol' Cinderelly got until midnight!) :)  

The location makes for lovely pictures.  I wish I would have pestered our photographer to take pictures of us in the rose garden, but I was in "I do" la-la land and was kind of just walking around with my head in the clouds.  There are so many options for great photos, so make sure your photographer scopes out the site and takes advantage of them.  

Arrange for valet parking for your guests. They'll thank you later, when they don't have to walk 8 blocks to their cars in formalwear. 

Living up to her name, Ruby is a gem.  She was our coordinator for the Athenaeum and she held our hands every step of the way from picking linens to politely shooing guests who had entered the cocktail reception too early.  She's been doing what she does for a long time, and it shows.  Wedding preparation is overwhelming, and she helps to lessen the burden.  I just wish I had someone like her to help me with all the rest of the planning!

If you're looking for a reception venue, the Athenaeum is worth considering.  I think our wedding was the best I've ever been to....but I'm probably biased. :)
We stayed here for one night and booked our room through priceline for $90 for a Saturday night. The room is typical Marriott set up and was clean. The pillows were the small down ones and I need at least four of them to sleep good.  The location is good and there is a Starbucks within a 2 minute walk. There is a shopping center across the street. 

The outdoor pool was nice and the perfect temp. It was great for the kids and is only 5 feet deep. There is an indoor pool and gym right next to it. 

Parking is $20 per night for self parking.  There is street parking close by, but I saw 3 cars with broken windows on my morning walk. 

Speaking of parking, we had a nice view of the parking attendant and the valet smoking marijuana together near the parking structure. Seemed unprofessional for a Marriott hotel. I don't care what they do on their own time, smoke all you want, but don't do it where a bunch of kids could see you. 

The room service food was overpriced as always. Two sandwiches, fries and chicken strips and fries for the kids was $60.  I think I would have been happier getting something to go from a restaurant though. 

In the end, I give this hotel 3 stars. Its nice and clean, but parking is overpriced and food was lousy.  I'm glad I didn't pay the $200+ if I didn't use priceline.
It was a little strange to walk in at 6pm on a Saturday and be the ONLY people in the restaurant.  Luckily, there were 2 more couples that showed up while we were there.  
We used a Restaurant.com coupon. Even using a coupon, I wouldn't come back or recommend the place.  
Their website said there were wings on the menu.  When we got there no wings under the appetizers. So we ordered the crab cakes.  $9 for 2 itty bitty crab cakes.
For entrees, I ordered the salmon and my husband ordered the fried chicken.  We both ate all of our food, but I've definitely had better salmon and fried chicken.
The server was a little strange and we were quick to leave.  Do not plan on returning ever.
Standing on my room's private balcony, looking out over the La Jolla tree tops out to the ocean, I absolutely fell in love with this hotel.  More than just a clean, comfy place to lay your head, this Marriott is stylish.  From the design of the beds to the plasma t.v. and extra plugs for electronic devices, Marriott La Jolla has plenty of great little touches.  Add in the swimming pool and the easy access to the UCSD campus and La Jolla coast and it may be the best hotel set in paradise.
I was not impressed with the hotel at all. The room was incredibly humid and never got better even with leaving the air conditioning on continuously. There was mold on the walls, bed skirt, and shower curtains. Most of the metal in the bathroom had rusted. The room also had a funky smell. Basically, the hotel was quite old and in desperate need of renovation along with a more thorough cleaning.
This review is for the Easter Brunch. It is the best Easter brunch on the face of the Earth. The menu is extensive from crab legs to anything you can imagine. 

If you know somebody or ever get a chance to do it be prepared to be blown away! I can't wait for Easter this year so I dive in to this buffet again. 

The service is phenomenal and the atmosphere feels like you dining with some of the smartest people in California.... oh wait you are.
I stayed here way back in 2000. Not really convenient to either Ithaca College or Cornell unless you have a car. The entire place (hallways, rooms, lobby, etc) smelled of pine-sol. Rooms and general decor were also outdated and dark, in a rural New York sort of way. I prefer the Holiday Inn, closer to the downtown business district.
One and a half stars.  Shoddy in all respects. Rooms and halls poorly maintained. Beds uncomfortable. Sinks bang and drip. Service surly.  Have not stayed in a place like this in a long time.  Princeton deserves better for its visitors.
So when you think of a Marriott, you think it's a sure thing that you'll have an above average room with above average service. We got neither! 

Now I'm usually pretty simple... I don't need anything too fancy in my hotel room, but I do expect cleanliness. Our room, however, had a little bit more than a cleanliness issue. Other than what looked like stains and scuffs on the walls and carpets, there were ants everywhere (especially the bathroom). Caught them crawling on my clothes even. Told the staff and they just blamed it on the recent hot and dry weather. I wasn't buying it. They didn't even offer a different room or someone to check and take care of the little critters! We paid good money and thought something would be done, but nope.

To add to injury to insult, I got 2 "prank" calls in the middle of the night. Horrible! Same night we had some obnoxious people belligerently shouting in the halls, knocking on doors. We're not downtown, in the East Village or in some shady area. This hotel is in La Jolla! Didn't expect it to be like this at all! Again, I understand this has nothing to do with the hotel itself, but it did affect my perception of it. Being a parent of two young children, it was definitely annoying! 

Expected a whole lot more from this hotel, and would only recommend it to people I'm not too fond of.
I investigated the Ramada and the Clarion recently.  The beds were recently replaced and are very comfy.  The inside, especially of the Clarion, is nicer than the outside.  I can't speak to the service though.  At this price-point, they both seem like decent places to stay in Ithaca.
We have requested to switch room since they assigned us a room next to the stairway which we heard weird sounds from time to time, but the front desk lady helps us out without second question is asked!! nice of her~

Tips: dont forget ur bathing suit... the hot one~   u know what i mean~  ;)
visiting from Los Angeles for 1 week, very helpful and friendly staff, clean and affordable esp. considering it's a lower chain hotel, great central location. Only concern was the pillows are really big and too firm for my comfort= neck aches...
I came here for a wedding and reception.
Here are my stream of consciousness comments:

The setting is quite beautiful.
The hor d'ourves are yummy.
The pretzel bread is different and tasty.
The fish was not dry.
The pork was excellent.
The service could have been a bit more visible.
I'm glad I didn't have to pay for it all.  :D
I was only able to dine here because a former dean from my undergard took me here. 

She was staying at Harvard and somehow had access.

Great experience. 

This is the real Harvard. 

Not what you see in Legally Blonde. 

I seriously worked with someone who thought Harvard was like what you see in Legally Blonde.
Stayed there last week.  The room was nice, had many of the amenities we look for. The shower head was about five feet high, not good if you're taller than that. If you have a car it is convenient to the main road to Ithaca and there are some services nearby - drug store, coffee/ breakfast, gas, carwash.  The outside pool is ok but doesn't have stairs if getting in is difficult.  The inside pool was undergoing repair! The fitness area was adequate but the water dispenser (empty) was never changed over the 3 days we were there.  Don't waste your time or money in the restaurant - breakfast buffet did not look appealing and what we ordered was not worth it.
Our visit started off well with some cool cars for the kids but it quickly went downhill.  We went for a quick breakfast, but there was nothing quick about it thanks to the one waitress serving ALL the tables.  From the overcooked eggs benedict to the undercooked omelette it was two thumbs down all around.  Luckily, kids eat free, hence the one star.
Eating at the Harvard Faculty Club sends a certain message.

And that message is, I know a faculty member at Harvard who is willing to eat a meal with me.

The interior is pretty and not stuffy. Rather than overstuffed chairs and people smoking cigars like in the Yale Club in NYC, the dining room is light and airy.

The entrance way was filled with beautiful green orchids.

The food was very good. I had the Roasted Beets with local micro greens, pistachios and spiced yogurt-honey sauce. This was a nice serving of purple and yellow beets. The sauce was light and not overpowering. I followed with Seared Striped Bass, squash and root vegetable hash and parsley oil. Like the appetizer, it was light and a nice portion size. Not too big but it didn't leave me hungry.

If you have the opportunity to go, I would recommend it.
I was here for a Saturday night at one of their dance parties.  It really was just 'meh' at best.  The drinks were overpriced.  The bouncer was super unfriendly.  The people were just not that interesting.  I just honestly expected more for a hotel in this 'hood.
Nice rooms and love the shampoo and lotions.  Great gym and close to UTC.
The hotel is a little old but still nice. The staff is very helpful and very nice. I really enjoyed my stay
The Athenaeum is a well-kept secret in LA.  Considering this dining facility located in an university, the food and service here deserve five stars.  I came here for Wednesday night buffet.  OMG!  The buffet rivals any five stars hotel's or Vegas buffet.      There are prime rib, crab legs, oyster, sashimi, shrimps, sushi, gourmet cakes, creme brulee, specialty salad, crepes, etc.  The food quality was excellent.  The setting was cozy and intellectual (surrounded by tables of professors and students of the best minds in the world).  I saw old couples coming here with suit and evening gowns as well as young students coming in jeans and sweat shirts.  I have no complaints about the service.  The only issue was it was hard to park in the lot.  If you know a member here, definitely ask him or her to take you here.
Conveniently located at the Bell Tower Hotel,  in the campus of University of Michigan, The Earle Uptown was my special occasion restaurant at school. 
on the few occasions that I came here, i was the youngest person - most people were in their thirties at least and in suits. Definitely not the college crowd.

The menus here are seasonal, and they update it on their website. everything  i've had here have been good but my favorite dish was the Pork Chop with Apricot. The pork chop was so well marinated and soaked with the flavor of apricot....very sweet but I liked it!
However, the food portions are on the small side - well its French after all.

my experience here have always been pleasant - very romantic and i much prefer The Earle to The Chop House.
This place is neither hidden, nor is it gem like. But I just had to review this place for my friend, Sy. He absolutely LOVES their crispy bacon wrapped dates.

As he puts it:
"Everything tastes better with dates. And everything tastes better with bacon. Put them together, and it's a perpetual motion machine of taste improvement. It's a place where God divided by 0. An infinite flux of flavor, flux lines every fucking where."

So go there. And get the crispy bacon wrapped dates.
Belgium waffles!!! :)
This place is simply phenomenal; however, this is for members only, not open to public.

We came here for Xmas buffet dinner; it was remarkable.

-- Service is first class.
-- Food is outstanding.
-- Ambiance is miraculous.
-- Price is reasonable.

BTW, the cream for coffee was pre-heated.
When traveling there's not much more you need than sports, beer, and simple food.  At Max's you can get all those things and they do it fairly well.  We chose to eat here since it was nestled in our hotel.

There's a pretty good selection of beers and the local Ithaca brews are either on tap or in bottles.  I can recommend the burgers here, particularly the cajun one.  We also had brunch here the next day and my omelette was good too.  Everything is affordable but not dirt cheap.

As a sports bar though its a little lacking.  If you're sitting at the bar itself you can chose from multiple games to watch.  However if you're seated at a table of booth you might not be able to see a TV at all.  I had to run over to the bar after finishing my burger to catch the end of a game.

The service was also sub-par.  Our waitress was very nice but she kept forgetting about us, and it wasn't busy.  It took us quite a while to get our food and we never got an appetizer.  Luckily the food was worth the wait.  The next day at brunch though everything went smoothly.

If you're in downtown Ithaca, particularly at the Holiday Inn, Max's is a safe choice. You're not going to be impressed but you will leave satisfied.
I wish I could give 4.5 stars - that would be more accurate. I felt like this hotel deserved a review-update, since most of the reviews are pretty old, and some things have changed (and I disagree with others). I stayed here for 4 nights on business at the University, but I also used to live in Ann Arbor.

First, the good:
- The service is impeccable. Very friendly front desk staff, more than happy to accommodate the various requests I ended up making (down-free pillows, receiving a delivery for me, a knife to cut up my take-out with). Plus, turn-down service, complete with chocolate and a little bottle of water - how many places still do that?
- The breakfast is pretty good, for continental-breakfast fare. Pretty basic. What kicks it up a notch is the lady who tends the buffet, who is maybe the cheeriest, most personable food service worker I have ever met.
- My room was very clean, and exceedingly well-maintained. Nice furniture (if not completely to my taste), and comfortable bed. Everything worked as it should.
- They do have Wi-Fi in the rooms now, and it's free with the room. I am using it right this moment to write this review.
- The windows open. The weather's been lovely here, so it was really nice to be able to let the air in.
- The newspaper they leave outside your door in the morning is the New York Times, rather than that USA Today BS you get most places. Love it.
- The location is perfect for a visit to the University, since it's virtually on the campus. It's also very convenient to the many restaurants and shops on State Street and Liberty, and, at a short walk, Main Street also.

The less-good: 
- It's true, the room I stayed in was kind of small - I wouldn't have wanted to have more than two people in it. For just me it was fine, though.
- The trash pickup in the morning (every day at 6:15, so far as I can tell), is very, very loud, and was right outside my window. I might request a room on a different side of the building if I stayed here again.

I can't speak to value-for-price, because I wasn't paying for my particular stay. But looking at the rates online, the prices don't seem out of bounds for the level of service and comfort the hotel provides. I would definitely stay here again, given the chance, and would happily recommend it to others. It's true, they may not have the very latest in modern design, but it's not heinous - and anyway, to me, things like friendliness, convenience, and maintenance matter a great deal more.
Awful. Stay away. Overpriced and NOT worth it during Art Fest. Restaurant closed at 9pm. Try the Campus Inn.
I have stayed here two times for work trips. It's not an amazing hotel, but it isn't bad, and they seem to be doing a thorough renovation. It is nice and historic-feeling.

I enjoyed my stays here--the second more so than the first, since I was in a renovated room the second time. Because work was paying, I didn't have to worry about the cost much, and to be honest I think that the rates are quite high for the hotel itself. But considering it is in the middle of everything in Princeton, it was the best choice location-wise, for sure. 

The room I had on my first visit was a bit dingy and dated. The bathroom especially needed a makeover, and it had no hair dryer. When I called the front desk to request one, they sent up a housekeeper with a wall-mounted unit (that I couldn't attach to the wall), so it made for some awkward hair-drying time. But for the most part, it was a comfortable and pleasant stay.

In the renovated room, the bed was comfy (there were two queen size beds), the room was quiet, the bathroom was nicely redone. The rooms do have an ethernet cord for internet connection, but no wireless, which is a bit silly. However, they do have it available in the lobby. I'm not sure whether you had to pay for internet in the room or if it was complimentary--I just didn't want to deal with the hassle of using cords and being tied to the desk, so I left my laptop in my bag.

All employees were friendly and helpful, and check-in and check-out were easy. They had complimentary coffee in the lobby every morning, and cookies in the evening. The concierge was happy to hold my bag for me after checkout.  

I felt compelled to check out the Yankee Doodle Tap Room to see the Rockwell painting. It was a nice little pub with a cozy feel to it. Prices were fair. However, there was a sort-of stale beer smell that was a bit of a turnoff. It seemed like it needed a good cleaning.
I only go here for the martinis. I've never had the food. The bar is an excellent cozy place that works for couples and groups. There is an assortment of non-traditional martinis. The prices are extremely reasonable($8 for a very generous martini) and the staff is excellent. The only sad thing is they have Hendricks gin, but never any cucumbers. The nice thing about martinis here is that they fill your glass and then give you a mini carafe of more martini in a round bowl full of ice to keep it cold.
This is a decent hotel, comfortable beds with super friendly front desk folks. The location is also excellent right in the heart of downtown Ithaca. The only issue I had with this hotel was that the hotel bar was outrageously expensive on their draft beers. I seriously had to ask the bartender multiple times when he said that the Southern Tier IPA was $8. Nevertheless I had to have one. The bartender was excellent as far as service though. I also had a Reuben sandwich that was also tasty. I've stayed here multiple times and have never really had a complaint.
Beautiful outdoor location with a gorgeous "Mediterranean-style" building which opened in 1930.  The entry has beautiful paintings on the curved ceiling, there are gorgeous dark-wood doors and panels throughout, and there are lovely outdoor patios with columns and greenery.

The Athenaum is a number of different things:

1. Private club open only to certain people affiliated with Caltech/JPL/Palomar/Huntington Gardens or one of The Ath's reciprocal clubs.

2. Nice restaurant.  Food is generally excellent.  Occasionally there is a dish which doesn't quite merit an "excellent" rating, but it's always at least pretty good.

3. Hotel.  There are 28 rooms upstairs, ranging from standard hotel rooms (2 twin beds or queen bed or king bed) to suites (4 suites available: Einstein, Millikan, Hale, and Noyes).  Albert Einstein actually stayed in the Einstein Suite when he was a visiting scientist at Caltech!

4. Special events venue.  Very popular for weddings.  Been to two weddings here in the past two years!  You must either be a member to have a wedding here, or you must be sponsored by a member.  The service charges are smaller for members than for sponsored guests.  The Private Events Manager, Dior Chase, is extremely nice and has great advice and suggestions.

Service: Very good all around (the dining areas, the hotel, the private events, etc.)

Parking: On-site private lot for members and guests only, sometimes serviced by valet (during busy periods).  Also plenty of free street parking on California and Hill.
got this place on priceline ! .... about $80.00 + the $20 parking fee .. & taxes ... not bad .... modern rooms and helpful check-in staff ... even mentioned "would i mind being near the elevator"?  they found another room much further away ... but could STILL hear it !  although quiet. Modern quiet A/C unit is nice too .... 
in this economy cannot imagine paying much more, you take a big risk with Priceline ... some you win, some you lose big time.
"If you come here often enough, and on a few certain occasions, you can see Albert Einstein." - BDR

So, my boss has a membership here, and he took me and my colleagues out to lunch today to celebrate getting an AHA grant, a fellowship and HOPEFULLY a NARSAD grant on schizophrenia.  I hope we don't jinx it, but we decided to celebrate early, and so he treated us to some good food.

I had only heard of the Athenaeum before. . .and to me and others, was known as only an exclusive Nobel scientists club. "You can only go by invitation," "you have to be a great scientist/researcher/doctor in order to have a membership," or if you don't go to/work at Caltech and is a regular joe schmo. . .then I think membership is a measly 10k a year or whatever.  Harumph, anyways, so I'm not sure how it rolls, but all I know is that it is super exclusive.

So, today, we walked in and saw in the middle of the dining room, a round table of nobel prize winners.  Being a layman, I didn't recognize any of them.  I ordered the miso crusted salmon with white asparagus and radishes over a bed of jasmine rice.  Pretty good.

My boss insisted I order the berries athenaeum, and it was DELICIOUS.  My coworker who used to go to Caltech (and is getting his phD there now) told me he used to work here as a waiter back in the day (as an undergrad at caltech) and he would purposefully order more berries athenaeum desserts so that he could have them when the table "rejected it." Ha.  I would do the same.  It's vanilla bean ice cream drenched with grand marnier (feeling tipsy now) and a whole slew of fresh sliced strawberries and blackberries.  Probably one of  the most heavenly, yet simplistic desserts I've had in a while.  Oh, and the salmon was tender, flaky and moist.  Mmnmnnnn!!!
When I received my confirmation it said I had a king room in the executive tower.  I didn't get to stay in the tower.  I was on the second floor looking out on the driveway.  I really wanted to stay in the tower and ride the glass elevator Willy Wonka style.  Oh well.

For $171 + tax, I expected to be able to check in on time, or early.  We had to wait past 4 PM to check in!  They told us it would only be 20 minutes, so we didn't bother going elsewhere to eat.  It ended up being an hour and some wait, so we went to the restaurant off the lobby.  Stay away from the in-house restaurant!  As sweet as the waiter/staff is, the food SUCKS.  Wet shoes = overcooked, soggy, ratty-looking fries with crusty yellow cheese and chili (I didn't get the chili on it).  Ick.  I guess that's for a separate review...

There is a business area with a computer, printer, and tight-squeeze conference room for six people.  I used it to nurse my son while we waited to check in.  Very handy.  

The room was roomy and clean.  The bed was comfy, and it's a nice touch to be able to choose your pillow type.  

There is a good-sized pool (not a lap pool) next to a decent work-out room.  It's in a very convenient area, close to the Commons, State Diner, lots of restaurants.  There is a large parking lot, and you can use the new parking garage across the way, as well.

Overall, I thought it was a great place to stay.  I wouldn't want to stay in the outdoor rooms - it would freak me out to have to walk in that glass hallway.  I think it's pricey for being in Ithaca and a Holiday Inn.  I'd prefer a bed and breakfast for 20 bucks less.
Pretty hoity-toity  for what it is.  $10 for wifi.  I didn't have a desk in my room.  The TV was ancient, horrible picture quality and the cable was static-y.  It is central and has a lot of nearby restaurants.  The service was friendly.   I wasn't paying, but the direct bill that I saw was pretty outrageous.
I liked the ambience better than the food.  I went there for the first time today, for Sunday brunch ($22 per person, prix fixe).  The dining room is quite elegant as is the library in which the buffet is set out.  The ambience suggests that the year is 1900.  The waiter was very good, but they seemed to be understaffed.

The yogurt with fruit, the warm brie with strawberry, the hummus and toast, the chicken, the cinnamon pastry triangles, and the tiny eclairs were all quite good.  The quiche was cold, tiny, and not particularly flavorful.  Orange juice was served in dainty little glasses, causing anyone with a good thirst to order at least two.  The wait for the entrees was excessive -- about 25 minutes from the time we ordered them.  I got french toast and my kids got strawberry pancakes.  Both were dry and unremarkable.  I've cooked better french toast and pancakes at home, in my opinion.  We didn't try the sandwiches or salads; perhaps they're better.

Overall, it's not a bad place, but I think you can do better.  Another elegant place for lunch or brunch, but better food, is Frick Cafe.

Note: according to their own web page, http://www.sunnyledge.com/, the name of this place is "Sunnyledge Boutique Hotel & Tea Room".  "Historic" is not part of the name.
This tells you how much nassau inn cares about customers' feedback: i was mailed a form a month after my wedding asking me to give feedback on my experience. i wrote back detailing everything i was disappointed about. has anyone followed up with me or sent me an email thanking me for letting them know? NO.
Marriott o Marriott! Why o why? I have never given you a three star review but too many things happened at this beautiful, I can't believe this is the same hotel I stayed at over two years ago beautifully remodeled hotel.

I actually slept great in your beds but even though I enjoy sleeping in an unmade bed this only applies to when I am at my own home and to my own bed. When I get back to my room after being gone nearly 5 hours I expect my room to be serviced during that time. And then when I leave again in the early evening to return back in the late evening after asking for my room to PLEASE BE SERVICED while we are out I EXPECT the room to be serviced when I return. New towels and a few bottles of shampoo and soap is NOT being serviced. The bed was not made up and the trash cans were not emptied. 

The hotel itself is cool and hip. They did an awesome job on their remodel. The loungy vibe of the lobby with free WiFi would be the place to be if I was staying longer than I did. This location is also surrounded by lots of things to do and lots of places to eat. The Westfield Mall is about a block away. Costa Verde shopping center is about 2 blocks away. In the hotel circle you will find a Starbucks, Tutti Frutti froyo shop, Einstein Bagels and other quick grab places. 

I of course was also bummed that the light on the nightstand had no outlets on the base. But the desk one did even though the entertainment center right next to the desk had 4 on it! 

Valet service was hit or miss. And for $25 per day it should be spot on. The attendants themselves were great but it seemed like every time we called down and did not get a Valet attendant directly the message of our car needing to be brought around was never relayed to them. So standing out in the 90+ degrees hot sun waiting for something we took the time to call in advance for was not the greatest. 

In the end, I always love me a Marriott hotel and I would totally stay here again. The hotel itself was lovely, the location is a good one but I would hope that the same issue on this visit would not arise again.
Maybe a 3.5...?

We are Marriott Rewards members so we stayed here for a wedding in April.  The parking is $20 a day-- I hate paying for parking at a hotel and $20 for parking in addition to hotel fees always seems silly, especially if you're a rewards member for their hotel chain, but what can you do?  Well, at this location, you can park on the street.  There's only a few spots, but it's close enough and we did it during the day and didn't get a ticket-- but I don't know about parking it there overnight, so it kind of defeats the purpose.

Other than parking fees, this hotel was very clean and reasonably quiet in the lobby area.  The service was great-- polite, friendly, quick, thorough, and on time for cleaning and room service.

We were on one of the higher floors and had a small balcony with an ok view-- but it was really nice to be able to get fresh air.  The sitting area was just enough space for the two of us to have a quick meal and throw our stuff out on.  The bed was clean and comfortable and the carpet was clean and I felt fine walking around barefoot.

The bathroom was nothing spectaular but it was clean and got the job done.  We forgot shampoo and used the hotel shampoo and it was fine for the weekend if you're not too high maintenance.   A nice bonus was a small closet big enough to store our suitcases and hang stuff.

The room service was about average in price to a similar hotel; the food was fine, especially since we ordered after 11pm, but I would never purposely choose that if I got to pick somewhere to eat on a Friday night (there is a good sushi place right outside the hotel lobby that is great).  There are a number of places within walking distance for food, but not too much late night or fast food kind of stuff from what we could tell.

Overall: 
Room: 4 stars because of cleanliness
Service: 4 because they were quick with check-in and check-out on a holiday weekend and room service was fast.
Extra expenses such as parking and fees brought the score down :(
Likes: All you can eat deliciousness in a fancy place for a decent price.  Slightly dark inside so go for a window table.  Mountains of shrimp, banana flambe, chocolate fountain, prime rib, mm mm mm

Dislikes: Waiter did not want to give us a window table.  Um, I like to eat my food in the light where I can actually see what I'm eating.

Tip: Don't wear tight clothing.  Guaranteed to expand post-meal.
I got an extremely great rate online so I'm a bit biased.
Overall, this place is clean and the staff are friendly and highly accommodating. My nieces loved the indoor and outdoor pool and check-outs at noon. We had a room on the 12th floor so we had a decent view.
Four of us went to Soleil in the Westin Palo Alto before going to the DCI West Championships in July.  Westin PA is a fairly nice hotel and Soleil looks fits right in with the decor and ambiance.

Soleil serves Mediterranean cuisine.  The French Onion soup was very good.  The four of us had seafood pasta, paella, duck, and sea bass.  They were all very good.  The seafood pasta was excellent; not too strong in flavors and the wide-noodle pasta cooked well.  The paella wasn't as good as what you'd get at some Spanish tapa places in the city.

We had a discount to get 50% off the meal which was totally gravy, but in all honestly I'd come here paying full price for the meal.  The service and surroundings are great and the food is good.  The menu isn't very big what but what have, they do very well.
Overpriced lousy food, and terrible staff. My wife and I went there on some special occasion and they made it memorable if only for the terrible service and food. My meal was burnt to a crisp, and the waitress was one of those "holier-than-thou" types. I guess since we were young, she thought we'd be lousy tippers. On this occasion, she was totally right.
I recently came here for a school-wide, end-of-the-year type of reception/celebration. So, I didn't try the brunch or look at actual food menus. On the other hand, I got to sample a wide range of sweet, one-bite desserts... cakes, macarons, tarts, marshmallow, fresh fruit (pineapple, strawberries), melted chocolate, whipped cream... plus open bar with wine and beer and for non-alcoholics, coffee/tea for the caffeinated. 

Bottom line: everything tasted delish... the place is everything you imagined a "Hahvahd" faculty club to be like... rich, dark, mahogany wood, leather furniture, etc.. You will be fancy, sha-mancy... maybe a little stuffy when you are there, b/c the atmosphere is just filled with intellectual chatter and brilliance... however, have no fear, there's an outdoor patio/rose garden where you can mingle, catch your breath, and smell the roses. So, forget those pretentious folks and enjoy your time there!
Terrible. I wasn't paying, so I don't want to look a gift horse in the mouth, but it was ironic to be on hold and hear about the "18th-century charm and 21st-century comfort" when my VERY uncomfortable mattress (plywood on springs?) could hardly have been made in the 21st century. In general the place is dingy and in bad need of a complete overhaul. Two of the three elevators weren't working.
I recently stayed at the La Jolla Marriott for the second time and overall it is a pretty decent hotel.  The only real complaint I had was with the lazy valet who watched me pull up to the front of the hotel and never left his booth.  I sat there for a few minutes wondering if he was busy or on the phone but apparently he just didn't feel like making the effort to do do his job.  I shut my car off and opened the trunk, thinking that maybe he would see me lifting out my luggage and possibly walk over to help me, but no such luck.  I carried everything over to the valet booth myself and his response to me was "um, do you really want to valet your car...self park is right over there"    Wow. 

Check in was a breeze, I was given an upgrade without asking because of my Marriott Rewards Elite Membership and unlike the valet, the check-in staff asked me repeatedly if I needed help with my bags.  My room was very clean but a little smaller than I expected, the bathroom was stocked with nice toiletries and soft, fluffy towels, the huge flat screen TV was a great upgrade from the last time I stayed at this hotel and the bed was soooooo comfortable. 

Room service was great, our food was delivered hot and exactly as we ordered it, we loved the individual pots of coffee, plenty of condiments and overall nice presentation.  

Our nightly rate of $152 was not bad but as others have said, they really get you with the other added charges...room tax, $25 per night for valet parking, $9.95 per day for internet access and several taxes listed under "telecommunications" brought our bill to what it would have been at the more expensive San Diego hotels we passed up for the Marriott.

I would probably stay here again because of the convenient location, access to the mall and restaurants across the street and proximity to the 5 freeway.
I only stay here to get the points. I have almost 200,000 Marriott Reward points and i'm going to their new resort in Thailand or Fiji next year, and that is the only reason I stay at Marriotts.

At this specific locations you are parying for the ambiance of the newly renovated lobby and the location right off 5 and right next to a HUGE mall, with a Nordstrom(tee hee),

Some things to take note of;
-Parking is like $20 a night
- Room Service easily averages $20 for oatmeal and coffee for breakfast
- You have to pay for DSL

The good thing about this place is the location and the awesome indoor gym and pool! Each piece of equipment has it's own TV on it. 

But the bottom line is if I had to pay for this myself, I would ABSOLUTELY not stay here!
I had some friends and family stay here before. It is completely over priced. Also the rooms are tiny and the bathrooms are large. Balconies are normal sized. You will be forced to spill out onto them if there are more than two people in the room. A complete imbalance. There is no parking lot, just street metered parking. You could valet park your car but that is about it. Also it is not a high class as they would like you to believe. It feels very average. 

If you have people coming to town and they need to be in downtown Ann Arbor I highly recommended Campus Inn. Which is nearby, a few blocks over.
So I always heard good things about Sunnyledge but never stopped in until I went there my junior year at CMU. Biggest mistake of my first 2 years. And yes, I had a fake ID so I could get into most places. 

Well, Sunnyledge is kind of a bed and breakfast type lodging but on Fridays from 6-8, they have their happy hour. 1/2 price Martinis. These martinis are unbelievable. They are pretty strong and taste delicious. They have so many different martini's on their menu so just choosing one/two/three/four will take a bit of time to decide each time you re-order.

So the martini comes in a regular martini glass. Well, you also get the leftover martini mix poured into a small glass container. They put dry ice in your glass before they pour your drink so the drink actually starts to bubble and puff up whisps of smoke which is so cool. There is also a larger piece of dry ice in your glass container which keeps your extra martini cool until you're ready to drink it. 

Once your finished the first glass, you pour what's in the container into your martini glass and voila, it comes out to a second martini. Granted that these martini's are kind of expensive, on half price happy hour, you are pretty much getting 2 martini's for the price of one.

They also have a free tiny buffet appetizer where they have different things each time. I've had cheese and crackers, bruschetta, cole cuts crackers and cheese, etc..

The menu isn't too bad either. I had their duck wrap and sliders one time. The fries were different. Not bad. but not exceptional. The only issue I have with the food is that the servings are really small and aren't worth the money you spend on it but if you go there on an empty stomach and end up ordering 4 martini's (8 total drinks) then you will need to get something to eat.
It's a little run down, beds are saggy, but I've stayed in worse. Not a lot worse, though. If you're driving and will only be there a night or 2, it's bearable.
My (now ex) boyfriend took me here during the beginning of our relationship. It was nice to have a different atmosphere for a date than the typical restaurant. I felt like I was in a dining room of a wealthy family, mixed with a gentleman's cigar/scotch den. The decor was dark wood with thick curtains. I remember the food was prepared well and the staff was very attentive.
If you come to harvard, and if you really want to be located ON CAMPUS this is your cup of Tea...yea well, earl grey! lol. Very spacius and very extraveigent. The food, brilliant!
When I came here for dinner, I left quite surprised at how good the food was for being a hotel restaurant!  Came here with the in-laws for MIL's bday.  Parking is valet only unless you can find street parking on the side of the hotel.  

On a Sunday evening, we were only the 3rd table around.  Pretty quiet.  For starters, we had their Ahi Tuna Tartare and Calamari.  Both were tasty and just enough for 4 people.  For dinner, I had the Moroccan Spiced Grilled Lamb Chop with oregano white beans, baby carrots, in a lovely lamb jus.  This was SOOOOO GOOOD!  Generous portion too.  I just wanted to lick the plate!  Service was good since it wasn't busy at all.  I hope to come back again just for this lamb.  Passport cards accepted.
We had our wedding here...wow, 2 weeks ago already!  
This is the perfect place to have your special day...nothing can beat it, nothing!

We went through pretty much every venue possible in the Pasadena area.  At the end, the last two choices were The Athenaeum or Craven's Estates which was the Pasadena Showcase House for 2010.

The following reasons made the choice for us:
1.  More than 95% of the guests were from out of state so less than 100 guests total.
2.  My husband fell in love with The Athenaeum when he was the groomsman at his best friend's wedding 8 years ago.
3.  Even though it is a member's only venue, my husband has reciprocal privileges through his faculty club.
4.  We knew that we needed someone amazing like Dior, the event manager .
5.  We frequently dine here and love the food, architecture, history, etc.

When we met with Dior, the event manager, we instantly fell in love with her.  She is very trustworthy, very patient with all her clients, kind and caring, and will be there for you until the end...literally :)  

Our package was around $20,000 including the venue and catering.  This was a very good deal since it would have cost us much more if we chose a date closer to the "wedding season."  

Oh I must mention their vendor list.  It is a wonderful list of all the vendors The Athenaeum trusts.  My florist, harpist, DJ, photographer, minister etc were all from the list and everyone was amazing!  Believe me, you do not want to take chances with any of your vendors involved in your wedding...you have enough stress and sleep deprivation on the actual wedding day anyways...

Yes, you do have to have membership as an alumni, faculty, etc, or reciprocal privileges like my husband through another faculty club, or a sponsor who is a member to have your wedding here.  But if you are one of the lucky few who has access to this wonderful venue, GO FOR IT!  IT'S SOOO WORTH IT believe me...we loved every minute of our wedding and no regrets.

* Location:  Very convenient, beautiful, perfect
* Service:  Top notch.  Dior is amazing!!!
* Food:  *****  Very upscale.
* Price:  It's not cheap but is it worth it? YES!

The Athenaeum will be our special place for rest of our lives together :)
Andrea R's review is on the money. The people at the Bell Tower are very nice, but the actual accommodations really lack the sort of flavor you would expect for this price range. As also noted, the location certainly isn't bad, so if you're in need of a close-to-campus, "intended-as-upscale" lodging facility whilst in Ann Arbor, then the BT is a start.

They provide a complimentary valet service, continental breakfast, awful floral window dressings circa 1976 and dirty, peeling caulk in the casket like shower within the closet-sized bathroom you have step up into. It reminds me of a musty live-in hotel in NYC, just a little cleaner. All in all, it's a pretty rough scenario for the pricing they ask for...

So why three stars instead of two? It's weird and outdated, but the friendly atmosphere coupled with free wi-fi and valet put me in a better mood. The Bell Tower is not *that* bad, but is in desperate need of a facelift. It just sure as hell is not the upscale hotel it presents itself as.
Marriott has been slowly renovating all of their locations. I first noticed when I stayed at the Marriott  Courtyard off Ventura Blvd. in Los Angeles. The decor has been updated and is very modern. It actually reminds me of the W. As I entered the Marriott in La Jolla, it had the same feel. 

The person I spoke to in the  "Sales and Catering" department (Gina) was very helpful. Although I didn't get to meet with her in person, I was still able to view the ballroom(s). She mentioned that the ballrooms would be renovated and completed as early as January (very much needed, as it is definitely outdated compared to its lobby). So, I look forward to seeing it when it's complete.
DELICIOUS and wonderful Sunday brunch. The waffles are fabulous, and you can add butter, syrup, whipped cream, and anything else your heart desires! Eggs benedict there is amazing. Salad selection beautiful. I am not a member, but I know people who are, and that's even better...
Stayed here recently after driving past it countless times on previous trips. The hotel's mediterranean exterior and swank, modern lobby led me to believe the rooms would be really nice. Alas, they weren't. Size is a little on the small side and the style is bland early 90s vintage. My room's sliding glass door facing west across town to the Pacific Ocean was the one redeeming quality.
Lucky for me, my brother is a Caltech Alum :) This place is definitely beautiful though I prefer eating inside than outside. The service is excellent. The staff pays great attention to detail. I never had to ask for my glass to get filled and if I accidentally dropped my napkin, they would pick it up and get me a new one. Not that I'm recommending to do so for fun ;)

Food itselt was alright. I prefer lots of flavor and lots of meat. I would probably not recommend coming here to enjoy a phenomenal meal. It's more like a quiet atmosphere to enjoy the scenery and be able to talk with friends without being overheard. Or for just one of those days, you would like to escape the lively night life of LA.
Great place to go when your boss is paying.  _____ _____ Chrismas party '07! They have an f'n real Norman Rockwell painting in the bar downstairs.  I spent most of my time hear looking for secret passages.  All I found were exposed rafters and B/W pictures of mostly old white men... Go figure.
Nice hotel, but sweet mother of god is everything way overpriced. We get it, you assume everyone is on a corporate expense account, but $20 for a buffet breakfast is ridiculous, as is $20 a day to park in the suburbs, and $12 for drinks at the bar (where you have to go if you want to use the internet, because otherwise, a WIRED connection in your room is $15/day).

You're not the Plaza, stop charging like it.
Clean room - check. 
Bathroom with separate shower & sink - CHECK!!

This hotel would have actually gotten 4 stars from me, HOWEVER, I called down to the front desk THREE TIMES because we needed some extra towels and NO ONE picked up the phone. Most hotels will have different extensions (housekeeping, front desk, etc) but this hotel just has you dial 0 for the "one stop shop" number. After calling for 5 minutes, we decided to hunt down a housekeeping employee to get a towel. Not cool!!
My dad used to take me and my little sister here for lunch.... 
the food was always delicious, service was top notch and the atmosphere was beautiful.  I felt like a little princess as a 12 year old eating here.  
The only downfall is now I have grand taste for the better kind of food in life, and not as much $$ bank as my dad had (as I am a college graduate). haha.

I didnt know they had brunch.  I think I will definitely be visiting this place as an adult very soon! :)
Decent place to stay a night or 2 in Ithaca. Not the most modern hotel but it suited our needs for a 2 night stay. Nice pool area, and indoor heated pool with sauna too. Lots of places to eat and shop for convince items around hotel. Best part was the price though. $119 per nt with king sized bed.
not worht
use other chain branded in area
needs million dollar upgrade
The updated rooms are very nice, and the beds quite comfortable. 

The internet connection, however, is awful.  It is impossible to stream a single video on youtube or netflix without experiencing significant delays.  Given the 10.95 pricetag, it's unacceptable. 

I probably spend 3 months a year in hotel rooms......if they could get the internet up to speed (easily accomplished) I'd give them 4 stars.
Great front desk customer service. King bed room was nice and spacious. It also had a balcony you could step out on. I used my AAA discount online and prepaid for parking too. It was about ~$18 (plus tip) for a cab ride to the beach, which is about 5 miles away.
My husband and I first tried this place because of the entertainment coupon. Not many locals go here, it seems like, but we can highly recommend the place!

Don't be fooled by its almost-too-quiet atmosphere when you walk in, and suppress the urge to turn and go home! Just stay! The prices are reasonable, their food is fresh, good veggies, and the service is super nice (the manager, Dan, is so sweet and fun to talk to). 

I especially like their tortilla soup, Ruben (one of the best around), and fish dish. My husband usually orders steak or burger, which he likes also. Oh, and the fries that come with those dishes are really good too! 

You can also go there to watch sports and have a beer as well. It's also fun to watch out-of-towners travel and go places, or feel like you're having some secret affair while having dinner. 

To sum up, 5 stars for it's melancholy charm, good food, and unpretentious attitude. Giving 4 stars to keep it an Austin secret! Seriously, give them a try!!!
A private club for Caltech alumni and faculty.  I've been going since I graduated as an undergrad in 2000.  The food is excellent, and the service is as good.

There's a small hotel upstairs where my in laws stay when they come to visit us in Pasadena.  My in laws love the Athenaeum.

During the summer, there's casual dining with a full bar on the lawn in front of the Athenaeum.  The kobe burger is delicious and it's only six dollars.  The beer can chicken and almost everything is as good.  I can't wait 'till it's summer again.
Basic food at a reasonable price. The service was fine. They are open even on most holidays
WORST HOTEL EVER!!! We paid a lot of money for a suite that had a bathtub that was unusable since it would not plug properly, and maintenance could not fix it, THERE WAS NO HOT WATER FOR A SHOWER AT 8AM,  the suite had a toilet that would not flush since the handle was broken, and AC that would constantly stop and then restart with a loud noise. The front desk was noncommittal and even hostile, they could not have cared less that we paid for 3 rooms totalling over $1000 and had such basic problems. These were the "renovated rooms". The pillows were very hard and uncomfortable. I even heard the maintenance man's walky-talky as he was trying to fix the bathtub with a request from another room requesting a soft pillow so the guest could sleep.
I have never felt so ripped off by any hotel. I would recommend staying anywhere else, unless you feel you have to be right there in Palmer Square. This hotel was the worst value ever, and the attitude of the front desk staff made it worse, like "too bad for the problems with the suite, you really aren't important to us anyway, so just go away." Oh, and not even free internet anywhere in the hotel. The lobby is small and uncomfortable. When we were checking in, all of a sudden the front desk person bolted away, and several minutes later came in with a cart full of luggage. Guess he was the valet, also. While he was away, we asked someone else behind the desk to help us. He said no, we had to wait for the other person, then he got on his cell phone and made a reservation somewhere for himself, and then walked around doing nothing, while we stood there. If he couldn't help, he could have at least identified himself and let us know why he was there behind the front desk, and why he couldn't be helpful. Just a very haphazard, unprofessional place, for the price. I have received far better service at Hampton Inns, with free internet and bathrooms with working bathtubs and toilets. The higher end places we have stayed at in the past have generally tried to be the best. Nassau Inn seems to be in a race to the bottom for their facilities and customer service. Oh, did I mention their overpriced breakfast, which is easily upstaged by any number of local establishments?
4.5! this is for the Rathskeller game room downstairs of the Athenaeum.

if i went to caltech, i'd eat here allll the time!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GKMydEdaiww2coboFDEQCg?select=7p5bN8HHkOih57M4bvjSFw

5 dollars for the kobe beef burger special on mondays!!!! and stiff martinis! for cheap! smart students always get good deals. there are TVs with games playing and a billiards table, but otherwise, it's almost like cafeteria table style here. but not gonna complain cuz the food was good and we got the foods even though it was after the hours specifiefd on the menu.
This is a stylish classy place. The atmosphere comfortable. 

Not badly priced for lunch (average entree about $13, but about $27.50 for dinner). 

Waiter was really attentive, but we were the only one's there. Why do people overlook restaurants in hotels (upstairs at the Starwood Westin in this case)?

The soup du jour was tomato with shell fish. Not spicy, not bland, very tasty; followed by gambas "a la plancha" with chorizo de Espana (sautéed prawns "a aa plancha" with olive oil, garlic, chorizo, served with saffron rice). This shrimp were plumb and nice...the chorizo spicy and a nice complement.

I asked for an open full-bodied cab (glass) and got one, and a double expresso to follow.

This place is quiet, you have their attention always. So, if you want to talk, this is the place.
All the previous reviews on here are for dining, what about the hotel? I stayed 2 nights, a Sunday and Monday. Nice hotel! It is a grand  old mansion built circa 1886 and designated an historic landmark. Definitely an old school hotel, there is internet and basic TV, rooms are spotless and quiet and speckless. The place  has a certain charm to it. If you like your hotel to be quiet, quaint and a little quirky this is the place to stay. Located next to Carnegie Mellon University and within walking distance of the University of Pittsburgh. The surrounding neighbourhood is filled with similar old well kept mansions from 1880's and makes for pleasant walking. I will return to this hotel on my next trip to Pittsburgh. Would have been 5 stars if I had my own coffee maker in the room, but the staff is always ready to being you a carafe for no charge, I just prefer to wake up and not have to dress to go for my first coffee....
The only reason to come here is if you're staying at the Westin and are simply too tired to muster the energy to walk to the plethora of great restaurants on University Avenue.

My experience was grim.  We came on a Saturday night at 7pm to discover it was pretty much empty.  Two other tables were finishing up their meals and we were alone in the restaurant for the duration.

We came, despite my trepidation about it being a hotel restaurant, because one of our guest really wanted fondue.  La Fondue in Saratoga was by far my first choice, but it books up weeks in advance.  Since the Yelp reviews here -- particularly for the Fondue -- were solid, we decided to give it a try.   What a mistake.

Let's say, among other things that they are temperature-challenged.

It started with undrinkable, lukewarm sparkling wine which we had no choice but to send back.  The Fondue Savoyarde was actually quite good, but alas nowhere near warm enough.  Just like Bon Vivant downtown [avoid], they serve it atop a candle instead of a sterno and you quickly end up with two-foot strands.  

The Charcuterie plate was a nice idea, but "sweaty" -- it was all greasy and warm from having sat out too long, so of the fat had literally fallen out of its holes in the salami and Chorizo.  The pate-like substance was not bad, awful warm as well.  Note that I'm not saying these meats should be refrigerator temperature; there is certainly more flavor when they've been out a bit.  But these felt like they'd been out for hours in a warm kitchen.  Too much.

The steaks my guests had were reasonable, the New York was better than the Filet (which was quite chewy for a Filet).  The Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese ravioli was a train wreck, horrific presentation, blobs of goat cheese, a thick sweet-ish sauce, ringed by a balsamic reduction.  

The staff were nice enough and they tried hard.  

In conclusion, I will admit some downward bias by the fact it was empty because I loathe eating in empty restaurants, primarily because I'm wondering what everyone else knows that I don't.

In the end, if you're a tired Westin guest and you can't muster the energy to walk down the street, I might eat here.  Or, if you're a Fondue diehard and can't find another option, but make sure they serve it hot and ideally with a sterno, not a candle.
Other than it's very convenient location abutting Princeton University, this hotel is underwhelming.  Hot water comes and goes.  No wireless internet access and the wired access is kludgy at best.  Parking is a challenge.  This place probably works well for loyal and nostalgic Princeton alums, but I'd love to see a makeover.
I was actually satisfied with this hotel. The room was spacious, there was a flat screen tv in the room and it even hd channels to chose from on the tv. As stated in previous reviews the location is great. Within walking distance from the Ithaca commons which is an outdoor shopping section of downtown. The bathroom is modern with granite counter tops and not all that small. The staff is very friendly and assisted me whenever I needed a question answered. 

The disadvantages would be the gym. Extremely small with a complicated all in one machine that really didn't work for me. There were also two treadmills but that was it. If you're a swimmer then there is also a large indoor pool
Naturally, the food is very good, but it is here that you will find more Harvard memorabilia per square inch than anywhere else on Earth. Sorry, no trophy elephants bagged by T.R. hang on the wall, but I did notice a polite letter from Queen Elizabeth's secretary declining a kind offer from undergraduates to join them for a party they promised in her honor. Take your time and look at the stuff--it's all great fun. And, don't let the name throw you off--students can use the facilities and invite guests, so befriend an undergraduate and have a ball.
If your frend is being wooed by Caltech for new professorship, make sure they put you both up in one of the better suites during 2nd interview. (Einstein suite too pretentious- try another one with private balcony). 

Since Natashka is sucker for old-style LA glamour in academic atmosphere, Atheneum really got my juices going. I have to say that stuffy old 13th century accomodations back at Cambridge were neither as capatious nor did they offer Kobe beef in dining hall. That being said, its still true that Brits know how to have more fun than Pasadena Nobel laureates. At least for time being. Natashka is working on laureates.
I stayed here for just one night for business reasons. Upon arrival, I was greeted by the valet and front desk staff who were very pleasant and courteous. The front desk employee handed me a business package I was expecting to be waiting for me. Very organized. I like that. Interestingly, they handed me an actual room key (not a card key), and I was on my merry way. 

The room was spacious enough for two, and everything was super clean, especially the bathroom. Minus one star for the tacky flower-decorated drapes and bedspread. Although....the red, pink, and white roses (real) in a vase on the desk was a nice touch. I know, I know, the irony. 

I'm not sure what this place goes for per night since my accommodations were.....well, accommodated for since I was on business. But I would have to agree with another Yelper that I would not pay more than $150 per night. 

If you want something extremely close both to the Michigan campus and downtown area, this place is worth looking into.
I'll confess up front that I didn't pay for my room here, and I never saw the bill for room charges.  Reading the other reviews, I infer that this is the sort of establishment that low-balls the room rate somewhat and then includes all sorts of fees in your final bill.  I'd certainly like to know ahead of time what the room is going to cost.  And yes, you have to pay $9.95 (plus $1.04 tax) per day if you want to hook up your computer and write Yelp reviews.  Self-parking is $17/day.  For cheaper digs, try the Marriott Residence Inn a bit west of this Marriott.

I must say, however, that the hotel is totally pleasant.  The gym is a really fine thing to have.  And yet... the gym has aerobic equipment alongside a small pool and Jaccuzi.  The air temperature is probably a bit too cold for swimmers, but it's a bit too hot for workouts.  Also, there isn't a lot of equipment; for example, there's exactly one Precor.  The gym opens at 5:30AM and is really full by 6.  If you want to do a morning workout and just amble in, odds are that your favorite piece of equipment will be taken.

There's a coffee shop in the lobby, but the Starbuck's that's about 100 yards from the hotel seemed like a better choice to me.  The elevators are fast, and they talk to you.  ("Now approaching the lobby....")
How can you not give this restaurant 5-stars? Yes, it is hidden in a hotel on El Camino, yes, it is always empty, but the food and the atmosphere is simply impeccable. Since the restaurant is a little pricey, we only go here during special events, and we have never been disappointed. We would dress up, walk around Stanford Mall to work up a good appetite and drive to Westin for our wonderful dinner. During our last visit, we ordered Little Neck Clams ($9.95) as appetizer, Pork Chop ($25.50) and Steamed Halibut ($28.95) as main entrees. I actually ordered the Lamb Chops, but I guess they heard me say Pork instead. Nonetheless, the pork was decent, not as special as the Lamb, but it was good. My wife's halibut was cooked perfectly; moist and good quality fish. 
The restaurant is located on the second floor of the very well appointed Westin, and make sure you get your parking validated by the restaurant. To ease your mind, they have already added 15% gratuity to the check, so you don't have to fire the old brain up after such a satisfying meal. 
This beats driving all the way up to SF for an equally satisfying meal for 4X the price.
Nice and clean. Very nice staff, and good breakfast down in the restaurant. Room was very comfortable. 

Parking was $20 daily, which is unavoidable.  Right by the Westfield mall, so you can shop till you drop!
Got this hotel on Priceline for $45 a night. Can't go wrong at that price! The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. It included a modern TV with cable, a small balcony, couch, desk, and the usual bathroom stuff.  2 pools, a spa, a sauna, a gym = awesome. Service was smooth and friendly.  For the price we paid, this hotel is beyond 5 stars. 

Don't stand on the floor in the pool/spa/gym area with bare feet. Whoever decided on that flooring is a sadistic bastard.

$20 parking sucks, but we resolved the problem by parking in the lot around the block. There's a small strip mall with a Hawaiian food place and a Starbucks (address: 4150 Regents Park Row) and there's a parking lot that charges $1 an hour, Monday through Friday from like 8:30-6:00 or something like that. It's free the rest of the time and overnight parking is allowed. So we ended up paying next to nothing for parking. I have no idea how full the lot gets during peak season, but we had no trouble at all on a weekend in May. 

I was overall very pleased with our stay and would be happy to come back, but I knocked off a star because their normal starting rates on their website are $140, which I think is pure robbery. This hotel's worth maybe $90 tops for a standard room--$100 if I'm in a good mood. If the price included parking, breakfast, and wifi, then $140+ would be fair enough. But it doesn't include any of those things and they charge crazy prices if you want them. I would not recommend this hotel if you're paying full price.
i  did not stay at this hotel, but i did get a few drinks at the lobby bar. the lobby of the place is very 70's mod, high ceilings, a great waiting area or just a place relax and enjoy a drink. there is a fun little area that looks very exclusive in the corner on the way to the restaurant, very v.i.p. . our bartender was having a wayyyy off night though. nothing was going her way, she was cursing up a storm and blaming her other bartenders. apparently she did not usually bartend, but manage the restaurant and bar. she broke a glass and a whole jar of olives, which wouldn't have bothered me, but she made my drink soo strong that i just needed a little more juice to enjoy the rest of my drink. i understand having an off day, but be a little more professional and don't let the entire bar know that you are having a panic attack.
The fresh pasta that tasted and had the texture of being hand rolled that day still has my mouth watering. Plus the history and ambiance of this place is just fab. Great location across Quincy from Harvard yard. To the right is the nicer dining room. Downstairs is more casual if you are doing the quick in and out. They also have hotel rooms which is nice. I love the old paneling in dark tones. Harvard memorabilia abounds so pay attention.
Attitudes is a small hotel bar with a small performance area and dance floor. I've seen a couple of shows here and have had a pretty good time at both. 

The performance stage is small and low in front of a small dance floor and raised area surrounding it. It's a bit awkward to navigate - you can't get straight to the bathroom from the dance floor. The floor can get pretty crowded, and it can get fratty. There's a perfect space for those taping the shows, and the staff is friendly and accommodating - in general and to tapers. Beer is not too expensive. The food is a little more expensive, and passable but not fantastic. 

Both times I've been here, though, there's been some kind of preppy event at the conference room next door. It hasn't been a problem, I just thought I should note it.

I saw Donna Jean and the Tricksters here last summer and Railroad Earth here last night. Donna Jean was pretty good, though she played to a mostly empty house. Railroad Earth was fantastic, though. A small, intimate environment like this is the best place to see them.

Overall, a slightly inconvenient location but not a bad place.
I'm planing on going to Harvard Extension school next semester and was really excited to check this place out. I wasn't sure if they would let us in since I wasn't a student yet. 

We went to the sunday brunch buffet and it was quite so they let us in. When we first walked in to the beautiful building we were greeted by a women playing a piano and 2 cute kids running around playing. It felt like I was back in the 1940s, and it's a lovely setting. To the left of the piano room there's a sitting room which is great for reading newspapers and magazines, or kindle reading? ha

To the right is the dinning room. We were sitted at a small table next to a big window which was very beautiful. The buffet came we a free mimosa, and the food was great! 
The food was so good that we both ate way way too much. I think I was full for 3 days.

After brunch we walked around and didn't realized they had a solarium with a beautiful bar. Next time, I hope to get sitted there and maybe by then I'll have my Harvard ID card. :)
The Earle is a fun, slightly hidden spot (it's literally subterranean, which adds to the fun). an excellent dessert destination, I've been brought here by friends on several occasions and enjoyed some pretty rockin wines and brandies. i also saw my Armenian professor eating here with his family, but i didn't interrupt them (my Armenian is pretty terrible and i was scared he would ask me something and it would be obvious I'd forgotten all of it and then he would be embarrassed for being a bad teacher in front of his family... oh wait the Earle. the Earle is good. go to the Earle.
This is the fourth year the lovely wife and I attended a Christmas party at this lovely old venue.  Every year we are treated to a beautifully decorated space, outstanding service, and better than average food.  

The staff is worth mentioning again.  Keep in mind that we are at this massive party that includes an open bar all night.  Even in this hectic situation the staff performs wonderfully.

If you have never been to Princeton before, in this part of town street parking is very tight.  We learned long ago to park in the large garage very close to the Inn.  It's a two minute walk and saves the frustration of looking for a space.

If you ever get invited to an event here, be sure to go.  We look forward to our visit every year!
So I'll start out my review by saying that i haven't been here in years.  My dad worked for JPL and had membership to the Ath.  Now my boyfriend is a Caltech employee and a new member of this auspicious club.  We will be going next Wednesday for my sisters Bday so there will soon be an update to this here review.

Back in the day the Ath was always looked forward to by my family.  Although we only went on very special occasions.  We mainly went to the buffet style fancy schmancy din dins.  The food was unbelievable. All you can eat fine dining.  Love it.  Prime rib was always on the tables and I think that was my dads favorite.  
I have a feeling we will be visiting the Ath more than when my dad was alive.  After all, carting 3 kids and wife to a 5 star can get expensive.  And I hear they will be having some pretty rockin happenins this summer.  We'll be there.
We go down to San Diego all the time.  My family and I like to stay at this Marriott mainly because of the staff being so helpful and friendly.  The pools are nice and the area is quiet.  The Hotel is close to some good resturants and the mall.  A very nice get away.
My husband and I received a night at the Nassau as a gift for our wedding night (we're poor and were gonna spend the night at my mom's). Nassau Inn's reservation system is so antiquated that we ended up getting charged for the room, which resulted in a huge accounting nightmare because they also charged the gift giver. The reservations manager was not accomodating and gave a lot of excuses, eventually suggesting that the gift giver just give us a cash reimbursement for the room (RUDE!). 

The place is old and lasts on it's reputation for being the fancy, centrally-located restaurant in Princeton. It has no wi-fi and a run down feel to the staff. Glad we didn't pay for it, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.