This is really a 2.5 star review. 

I ordered the pancakes with sausage and homefries ( the dish usually comes with eggs but they substituted the homefries free of charge). The food was decent, but nothing to write home about. The pancakes are pretty small and they definitely skimped on the homefries. I will say the kitchen did look dirty, which is ALWAYS a red flag. 

Although the food is very, very cheap I wouldn't really recommend this place. However, if you want to get breakfast and rent or buy a hookah at the same time, this is your best bet.
Actually for the small sizes this place is expensive and presentation of the dish was not good at all. Quite disappointing. Will not go back
Sometimes, I want it quick, cheap and easy. Wrapro is all three and here's how they pull it off:

1. With the quickness: though they make each order right in front of you, it never seems to take more than a few minutes and I am promptly on my way out the door with my lunch in hand.

2. On the cheap. For the most part, cheap makes a sacrifice of quality to some degree and Wrapro is no exception. The lamb is sometimes chewy and the pita they give with the hummus has been stale on more than one occasion. But for less than $7 and a ton of food, it's still a good deal.

3. Easy - the menu is laid out is a simply manner and it's a few minutes walk from my house. Does not get easier than that@

A few points of concern. I am one of those people who writes, in sharpie, "Please See ID" on the back of my cards. The man behind the counter once gave me a lecture about this. Dude, I just want some lunch, not a complete credit counseling sesh. Also, the last time I was in, I was given the wrong order and the woman helping me huffed, puffed and mumbled something, then proceeded to charge me the $1.25 difference in price. When I handed my card over (I rarely carry cash), she rolled her eyes and asked if I had any cash. Not the best customer service.

I continue to grab lunch here on occasion, but I've set my expectations to a certain degree and now I am rarely disappointed by Wrapro.
I work here, I play here. Never get tired of it, because there's always something new. Drive-in movie nights, soul night, local bands, gay/straight/everything in between night, incredible drinks (ask TD for a 'sunburst'), and a really welcoming atmosphere. There is one rule at ZuZu -- the awesome rule. Just be awesome, rad, etc, and you'll have a great time.
I have been going here for over 10 years and it never gets old! I love the Falafel sandwich and also order the tabula salad that is tangy and fresh . If you are in the area you owe it to your taste buds to come on in .
I picked up some carry out for some dinner guests. Yoshi's was very friendly and patient with helping me. The food was delicious! Everyone loved the tabouli, hummus and grape leaves. I like the spacious interior. This place FELT clean, which is a huge plus for me. 

I will definitely be going here regularly. Good healthy food at good prices!
After walking around in MIT we went to dinner at The Middle East Restaurant.  It's seems connected to ZuZu though I didn't ask about it.

There's a bar area that people were drinking at and one guy was eating some dolmas though looked good.

We got:
FREE pita - tasted store bought & brought in a bag -cold
bowl of lentil soup - tasty
baba ganoush - I liked it 
husband got a lamb shank - he said pretty good

Meal was like $20+, so a cheap meal for Cambridge, MA.

Recommended, though I can be Loud in there with loud music & high ceiling.
I arrived with my wonderful wife to this highly yelped establishment & found a no frills place w/ a small open dinning room w/ limited decor, bright lighting & a sort of intimate customer base that suggested that no one was leaving anytime soon.  There were only 3 tables left, 1 literally touching the front glass of the pastry display case, 1 blocking the kitchen exit, & a 6 top right in the thick of it.  A guy, who ended up being our waiter that night suggested the we take the one in front of the pastry counter, said it was the least molested & we took his suggestion.  I quickly ordered 2 Turkish beers, said to be like Shiner & Budweiser, of which I quickly disagreed.  They tasted more like a Killians Red (even though not red in color), & a Heineken, both good.  On the table free of cost, like chips & salsa, a sesame pita thing w/ a sesame & spice dip that is awesome!!!

I was happy to see the beers come out fast & even happier when the waiter actually started taking interest in our having the best dinning experience possible.  I always ask the wait staff "What is good?"  I figure they are there all the time, they should know, or work somewhere else.  SIDE NOTE: (I hate it when I'm told "Everything, or I don't have a favorite."  In addition, I don't like it when they say something like, I like the salad, or the burger, just because.  This tells me that they, & possibly the restaurant, has no imagination what-so-ever & is not taking pride in the food that they do have.)  The waiter promptly took the normal stance that we were American scaredy cats & that we are looking for Americanized safe food.  Oh contrar mona mi.  I have been half way around the world, food is my hobby!!!  So I proceeded to pry out of him what he likes on the menu, because frankly, I'm pretty sure he was Turkish!!!  lol.  After letting down his normal guard, he proceeded to tell us the things on the menu that he really likes & why.  Come to find out they are the things that are closest to what his mom makes him at home!!!  He suggested 4 things, paired w/ one another because each enhances the taste of the other.  We proceeded to order the full sampler because it had all 4, the suggested 4, plus 4 more!!!  If you get this sampler, be sure you have 4 people or more...lol  It comes with pickled beens, picked leeks, the yogurt sauce, egg plant salad, humus, a Turkish pico, & I forget the other 2.  I loved the pico, yogurt & humus the best  They pickle everything in Turkey I guess...lol  They give you the sesame pita like thing to dip in these samplers as well.  When it arrived the waiter was sure to explain to us all 8 of the items & bring us more pita.

For the entre we ordered the Turkish pizza which is a very thin pita w/ a "lamb spread" on it, then baked, but not to crunchy status.  I wondered why, but not for long because along comes the waiter again w/ instructions on how to eat the pizza.  You load it up w/ all the vegetables that were served on the side, then roll it up like a tortilla & eat it.  We were then again surprised by the waiter when he brought us a double shot glass sized glass full of what reminds me of the Indian salty lassy yogurt drink.  He tells us, take a bite of the rolled pizza, then a drink of the salty drink, & guess what?  It was perfect!!!  No better match of drink & food could be made.  Along w/ the Turkish pizza, we got a plate of lamb kabobs & rice w/ more side vegetables, pickled of course...lol  This was also good, but by this time I was stuffed, so I didn't eat as much of it.  I did however have a little of a sweet tooth after that meal though &asked what the waiter suggested.  With a Grinch like grin on his face, he told us that he had the perfect desert, but it was off menu, & $5.  Would we be interested?  Of course we were!!!  He hadn't been wrong all night!  A couple minutes later he brings out this little aluminum Turkish looking skillet, very hot, & in the middle is a couple of their "hay stack" looking things, smashed down into a pancake, soaked in maybe honey & butter & browned?  On top of it is a tiny scoop of heaven, otherwise known as Belgian Cream...  Of all the Mediterranean, or Turkish deserts that I have ever had, this has been the best & I would recommend it every time.  The waiter actually made it for us himself, & it is his favorite dessert that his mom makes!!! We also ordered a Turkish coffee (kinda like an espresso shot), & a Turkish hot tea (like a double shot of hot English breakfast tea).  Ladies, ask to have them tell your story from the coffee cup!!!  A perfect & wonderful ending to a perfect & wonderful meal & night.

I would recommend this restaurant to all those interested in good & authentic Turkish food w/ great service & a very good price.  With 4 drinks, a 4 person appetizer, 2 entres, an off the menu dessert, a Turkish coffee, & a hot Turkish tea, our bill was under $50.  Not bad for 2 full hours of eating, which only seemed like 45 minute.  Better then Fadi's!!!
Habibi? More like Ha-bye-bye.

Tell, me is it really necessary for 2 people to be charged $60 for food and hookah? The place isn't a god forsaken fancy bistro or anything. The place actually looks more suitable for hippies, strippers, and drunks (minus the poles). The hummus was ho-hum, I remember taking more than half our food home in hopes of not having to eat it later. The hookah, well you can't go wrong w/ hookah. If given the choice, the only reason I'd go back to that place is for hookah only.

Somebody tell the owners to adjust their prices to match it's atmosphere and quality of food because they are in way over their heads.
Delicious quick bite. I've heard about this place from so many people and finally got to try it. A yummy treat, and friendly service.
Great if you are looking for fast, cheap, and good.

I get the falafel sandwich every time I'm in the area and love it! You can add some extra condiments on the side which is also great.

I also love the chips (and never had any digestive issues with them). Great to dip in with some of the other sauces/dips.
The place is perfect to see any band for a concert! You can't beat the price.. $20 bucks to see two bands! Pfft..come on now!  Then to even meet the band after the show.  

I think the band is getting ripped off!

If this place could clean up the bathrooms..I'd give it five stars!  I've been going here forever and it hasn't changed in about that long!  But, hey if it works..why fix it, right?
The epitome of a lovely place to spend a Friday night. I came here on a whim  for my friend's birthday. I ordered a dark and stormy, and my friend ordered the caliente margarita. What tasty cocktails! I went home wondering where they had been all my life. We dinned in their outdoor area, which is right on the sidewalk in Central Square. The food was a bit expensive for what it was, and it didn't produce quite as rhapsodical a reaction as the cocktails did. Still, I've spent subsequent weekends trying to reproduce the the experience of springtime open-air dinning with a perfect dark and stormy. So far, nothing in my neighborhood, Allston-Brighton, has been quite as magical.
I can't speak for the Indian food here, but I had the best falafel of my life last night at this place. The staff was attentive and friendly, and I got the strong sense that the owner was truly proud of the food he and his crew prepare. It's spring break for UW, so I had the chance to relax and enjoy an empty restaurant with great company and no pressure.

(I am reviewing the location pictured in the photo attached to this entry; it seems there are several others that may share the same name.)
My friend and I came here once, not realizing it was in a cafeteria-like setting in the MIT Student Center rather than a sit-down restaurant, but we were pleasantly satisfied. We both had falafels and they were absolutely delicious. They are also made with vegetables so they have more nutrients, and have a nice green color.

Our server was also the owner. He really cares about the food, and loves to talk about it too, but he was really nice and offered us many samples. He said they used to be exclusively vegetarian but he eventually started serving meat as well.

Definitely delicious, I plan on going again soon.
THE BEST LATE NIGHT FOOD IN ALL OF CAMBRIDGE!

Falafel Palace delivers consistently every time. Before you assume your experience is going to be perfect, beware of the following:
- Long lines, especially around 2am
- Juicy, drippy falafel wraps
- No space inside to eat

If you're prepared to endure those hardships, then you're ready for:
- Amazing, quality falafel (I've been to Israel twice, I know my falafel)
- If you ask for extra anything (I highly recommend pickles), you will get an abundance of that item
- LOTS OF FOOD for CHEAAAP
- Homemade baklava
- If you ask for spicy, you're going to burn your mouth

For a while I only ordered the falafel wrap with tahini sauce and extra pickles, but the other day I branched out and got the vegetarian plate (which is a healthier option). I have never been disappointed at Falafel Palace. The owners are awesome, too.
Taza 21 is hands-down the best Middle Eastern food in Squirrel Hill. I usually get the falafel wrap, but I've also tried the chicken shawarma, baba ghanoush, and hummus. The falafel is on the smaller side but a great lunch treat. The sides are similarly awesome, not too lemony as with some of the other Pittsburgh Middle East I've tried. The food can take a while to prepare but come bearing chill vibes and you'll be good. Great spot for a sunday morning hangover recovery. There's a good sense the owner will take care of you, he's very respectful and my visits are always a pleasure.
Drink & food: Typical and overpriced. I ordered mint coffee and baklava as my Sunday afternoon treat. The coffee arrived with lots of whipped cream on top with mint syrup. The coffee itself tasted alright, nothing amazing... the whipped cream was a bit unnecessary and mint syrup was eh... lame. The baklava was meh as well... not as moist as I wanted it to be. The bill came out to be $10-- definitely not reasonable.

Service: You walk in the store... the waitresses ask you, "How many?" You tell them. They tell you, "Great, grab and menu and sit anywhere you want." It's not your typical coffee house where you order, grab your drink, and sit. It's more like a restaurant setup. Anyway, my waitress was great, so no complaints there. 

It's a 2 star mainly, b/c of how typical everything tasted and yet it was super expensive. Plus, there's no wi-fi, so don't bother bringing your laptop to browse the internet... perhaps, a book or reading for class would do, but definitely no internet. =/
I have so many fond memories of Rendez-Vous.  It's an awesome spot to stop for some lunch...the wraps are amazing, or for some dessert-type fare...I'm a sucker for nutella anything.  Also, absolutely LOVE the rooftop porch in the summertime, great spot to smoke a hookah and relax with friends.  This is the way cafes are meant to be!
I love this place! The falafel sandwich is really good. They are pretty slow, though, especially during the lunch rush. I also do not care for the gourmet garlic sauce.
I've had food from here so many times in the last few years-- time to give Hummus some Yelp love. I'm sitting at the counter just inside the store right now, enjoying a stellar grilled veggie platter. Everything in front of me is so, SO on point. Perfect tabouli-- the bulgur still has some tooth and it's not drowning in lemon. Rice so fluffy and buttery I can't/don't want to stop shoveling it into my face. Crisp, spicy hot peppers and tart pickles. Fresh, well-seasoned veggies, warm whole wheat pita, and, of course, gorgeous, creamy hummus. I really could not ask for more out of this lunch. 

This isn't just a fluke. Hummus delivers consistently fresh, solid food I can feel good about eating. And the service is AWESOME. Love this place and I'll keep coming back.
So far I've had the grape leaves entre (good, but for the super Real Deal, go to Mama Ayesha's near Adam's Morgan), a gyro, another entre I can't remember, and I shared a feast platter.  I enjoyed all of them.  Mosaic uses all the right spices in all the right places.  Tried the hookah once, too.  It was all right (smoking's not really my thing).  I plan on going back a few more times before I graduate in a few months.
The wait staff is very polite and attentive, as well.  It's nice to have a place like this in College Park!
Cheap, quick and great service. It was hard not to eat at this place everyday when I worked nearby. There is often a line but they move quick. Get the baklava too, so good and really cheap, nice ending to your already good meal.
Best Mediterranean food around. I really love Jerusalem Garden, every time I go out to eat with my girlfriends, we go here. I wouldn't be afraid to try anything on their menu, and I recommend everything. Great prices, and you'll always have leftovers to take with you.
All things considered this place is pretty good for the price and area. Enjoyed falafel and tabouleh here on more than one occasion and it was clean and i found seating. Will stop in again
Love the food there. Sandwiches are great and cheap. The restaurant has its own personality (very interestingly decorated). Chill atmosphere, good music, nice food, and fast service. They also have a bar in the restaurant and a separate concert space. Cool place. Check it out.
I stopped by here on a Saturday evening for dinner. I thought it was decent but not above average by any means. I had the lentil soup, which was good, the lamb biryani, which was OK, and baklava for dessert, which was passable. The biryani had a nice aroma and flavor, but the lamb was full of fat and gristle, so much so that i finally gave up trying to pick out the eatable meat slivers with my fingers. At least my fingers smell good now.
Always friendly, this is a cheap, modest place to get your middle eastern food fix.  I like that they are a little unconventional--french fries and hot sauce with falafel, why not?  They also have baklava if you have room for dessert...
Well, it was OK. Not great, and the lamb sish kabob was really not that special (and not much meat). The highlight was the yogurt sauce with the flat bread. The service was sort-of OK, but I hate it when they make a big deal of clearing away your table to try to get you to leave... is it illegal to sit an talk for a few minutes after you eat when you just dropped almost $200 for 10 people? Stay away from the wine - nobody liked what they ordered...
Great tabouli and I love the falafel. The veggie curry also rocks.
Zuzu! has a thrilling combination of fun atmosphere and delicious food. As a vegetarian, I'm always excited when I can't decide which meal I want because there are so many options available to me. My friend and I ended up splitting the dip platter, to try everything, and it was definitely the right choice. The whipped garlic, cheese and olive spreads were phenomenal. I couldn't quite believe the wondrous things happening inside my mouth. I highly recommend eating some of the pita with the cheese and olive together-YUM. I was also really impressed by how affordable the meal was, we will definitely be going back to try more of the menu and cocktails. 

PS. The waitstaff are all funky and really attractive. Bonus.
When it comes down to it, this place just isn't for me.  Now, granted, I have become accustomed to the spoils of great hookah establishments such as Lava in Broad Ripple, but for the price and net satisfaction: I was less than pleased.
Perhaps it was me being overly sensitive, but I got a very thick waft of arrogance from the greeting staff, inspecting us and our credentials upon entering the bar.  I get it - we're in a college town, but that'should not be your excuse for rude service. It perpetuated after we requested to be seated by the open window - being given the run around why we could not.  Okay, so maybe I'm sensitive, whatever.  
We order our drinks and hookah, I take the Noir wine and the Existential Octopus; it comes served at a balmy 80 degrees, on a warm summer night.  I'm not sure if some take their wine warm, but I do not.  I requested a Mango smoothie instead, to cool me off and sweeten up the smoke a bit - which even the smoothie was a little watered down.  The hookah on the other hand, was very smooth and satisfying.  We also ended up ordering the chicken shwarma, which was pretty tasty with warm pita.  
The bar itself is comfortable, however the music that was playing was kind of strange to me in this setting: mid to late 90s girl bands and pop.  Not sure how I felt about that one.
At the end of the night -  for the cost over satisfaction, I went away feeling somewhat let down.  This place could be great, I feel it was just slightly under good the night I visited.
Samir has NEVER failed me.  I started coming to this restaurant way before it became Samirs.  I started coming when it was a sub shop, then Samir converted it to his Mediterranean Grill in Spring of '06.  I would say that his $3.50 sandwiches are the BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK.  Not only are these things tasty, spicy, and fullfilling, but for $3.50 these things are damn near a steal.  I honestly wouldn't be surprised if Samir decides up the price for them soon.  As far as the plates go, they are fullfilling yet light!  I never thought I could eat a full meal, yet feel soo good about what I was eating.  A nice salad, the right amount of rice and meat, side of pita bread, and you got yourself a meal.  

I absolutely love Samirs service.  Always tells the server, to bring me a 7up(remember I'm a regular, or according to Samir, "Boss".)  He is quick on the getting the food prepared, cooked, and ready to eat.  If he isn't there, his sons and wife know how to pick up the slack and make sandwiches and plates just the way Samir does.:)
So far Cedars, tucked between Brooklyn and University Way, on 43rd is king of falafel on The Ave. 

How do I know this? Well... Because just yesterday I wanted falafel for dinner and I was in university district. Where did I go after thinking over my choices?(disclaimer- I have tried every place on The Ave once in the last few months)= Cedar's walk up takeout window! 

The kind owner? has prepared my falafel in front of me each time. He warms the thin round- fills the bottom with fresh cut lettuce- sprinkles chopped fresh tomato on top- add 3-4 LARGE fresh falafel balls- pours on the dressing out of a old school juice container- and rolls the creation into a burrito like entree. My sandwich was $4 with tax. 

I like Cedars because they have flavorful large slightly crusty outside and very moist inside falafel balls. I like Cedars because they add lots of lettuce and tomato. I like Cedars because no matter how much sauce he add to the top(to my horror) I never really taste that much and it all ends up at the bottom. 

FYI's~ 
* There is also an inside the tiny shop with a couple tables
* They offer the traditional eggplant "sandwiches" 
* They offer sandwiches of fool madaras- which I learned was fava beans or another been cocked in a madaras sauce- yum! 
* A "sandwich" is a burrito style wrap of sorts 
* The bread they use(wrap, pita, etc) is on the thinner side- not like overwhelming pita 
* They menu also offers lentil soup and platters of things usual in their sandwiches with pita for dipping
Love their kibee and the grape leaves. The tabouli (sp?) is great too! This is one of my "must visit" places when I am home from college. :) It is pretty close to my old highschool too, so I used to walk here all the time after school for some quick nosh. Service can be slow sometimes so I recommend take-out!
Food is tasty and service is super fast. Definitely hits the spot when I have a mediterranean food craving (which is often)...
Yes! I love this tiny place in the u-dist. Delicious, affordable, and the service is always nice. Only lacking the 5th star because the place is so small and has a sketchy atmosphere. Don't let it scare you away though, the food and servers are great!
I haven't been to ZuZu in about 5 years and my memory was that the food was good. Went for dinner before a show last night and had the worst meal I've ever had. I had the pork loin, two dry, tough, tasteless hockey pucks over green beans and amazingly flavorless bacon, served with mashed potatoes that should have been left in the paste can. The presentation looked like an angry three-year-old had hurled the stuff on the plate. I'm sure I'll be back for drinks and music, but never again to eat. Wow.
I pretty much love the Middle East as a concert venue, especially downstairs. Yes, it's hot and you'll definitely be covered in sweat by the end of the show (if you're doing it right). Yes, you're in the basement with pipes over your head. Yes, the bathroom isn't lovely, (but it's not that bad either, you babies!). And yes, it gets really crowded and you have no choice but to get up close and personal with your fellow concert-goers. But when you're dancing to sweet, inexpensive, live music, having a few drinks (the beer prices are totally average), and enjoying a night out with your friends, who the hell cares?

Here's a lesson I learned the hard way: bring ear plugs! (I know, now who's the baby?) But for real. Who cares if it doesn't look cool? It's better than leaving the Middle East with a pounding headache, muffled hearing, and a ringing in your ears that's more annoying than a skipping Aphex Twin record. Be smart now, or your future self is gonna be pissed. And deaf. That's the double truth.
The back room seating area is so bad it's good.
Fuck, this place is awesome. Affordable, fast, and good. The only problem? Erratic business hours. Mediterranean Café is open Monday through Friday from 11 to 7, on Saturday from 11 to 3, and is closed on Sundays. It's obvious that this place has made a lot of money because dinner service is practically non-existent. And you know what? They fucking mean it when they say if you come within the last 40 minutes you can only order takeout. Luckily the wife and I made it in at 6:05 - although, eating while the workers are cleaning around you can be a bit off-putting. 

For nOobs, the menu can be a little tricky. However, in general, the meat dishes such as the kebabs and chicken shawerma are served with meat on top of a bed of seasoned rice with sides of hummus, Greek salad, pita bread, garlic spread, and hot sauce. To be honest, I don't know what the rest of the menu is like because the wife and I tend to favor meat over rabbit food. 

Regardless, we have been trying to eat healthy, so we both ordered chicken dishes. She ordered the chicken kebab and I ordered the chicken shawerma. The chicken kebab plate is served with two skewers of chicken breast that are marinated with lemon, garlic, and various spices. I don't know if it had to do with the fact that we arrived during the last hour of business, but the chicken was really dry. While the chicken kebab was disappointing, the chicken shawerma was really tender and delicious. Once again, for the nOobs out there, shawerma is basically bits and pieces of sporadically sliced marinated chicken in garlic and spices. 

Aside from the pita that tasted store bought and the lame Greek salad consisting of lettuce and a couple chunks of tomato with an olive oil based dressing, the complimentary sides and condiments that came with our food were pretty good. I really enjoyed the seasoned rice with noodle bits in it and the hummus tasted home-made. Also, their garlic spread was really flavorful and reminded me of the spread at Zankou Chicken. However, my favorite add-on was their surprisingly savory hot sauce. That shit made everything taste better. In fact, I ended up mixing it in with my rice, my hummus, and my chicken. 

In addition to the sides that came with our dishes, we ordered a large tabbouleh and a tzatziki. The tabbouleh, which is basically chopped parsley, mint, bulgur, and seasoning was really fresh. And the tzatziki, which is a yogurt mixed with cucumbers and spices, was really cool and refreshing. 

At the end of the day, Mediterranean Café serves really good cuisine - that is when they are fucking open. And speaking of end of the day, my suggestion is not to come here at the end of the day. 

*Mediterranean Café is definitely more of a lunch/takeout establishment than a full-on restaurant. 

**There is limited seating and when it gets busy it will get really claustrophobic. Oh yea, and if there is a line, good luck getting a refill.
Didn't eat any food. Headed upstairs for the hookah lounge. Kind of rude service (we had to wait a HELLA long time, even though there were tables open) and when one of our hookahs was broken, the waitress basically told us we were lying. But overall the place had a cool ambiance, good music and excellent hookah flavors (we got peach and cherry.)
A tasty little hole-in-the wall I wish I had discovered earlier.  

Pros: yummy wowshis, basturma! wowshis (as an armo this is a huge victory), all-you-can eat toppings bar (pickles, spicy sauces, hummus: how can you go wrong?), real sugar coca-colas, fried cauliflower, late-night hours

Cons: abysmal seating (use the in-n-out patio if the counter's full), expensive pitas (go for the wowshis instead!), so-so falafels

Verdict: great mediterranean food in a pinch
The Middle East and I have a deep and meaningful relationship. It is THE place to go for shows (in my opinion)--cheap, small but not crowded (so you feel like a part of the performance rather than just watching a band in some huge stadium), with a good variety of shows and bands.

I recommend the downstairs for the best show-going experience. The upstairs is much smaller (like 5-people-in-the-back-of-the-car small as opposed to connecting-with-the-band small... get it?) and for some reason the mood just isn't right when you're watching a band perform on the second floor of a restaurant rather than in the sweaty basement with a shady side entrance and even sketchier bathrooms. It's just not the same.

I've only been to one of the three (or is it two?) restaurants connected to the Middle East. Their food was nothing special and overpriced for what I was eating. The coffee (Turkish, Greek, Middle Eastern... whatever they call it!) is worth a try though, I grew up drinking coffee like, so i thoroughly enjoyed it (but be warned, it's an acquired taste).

My Top Five Moments at the Middle East: 

5) Watching my friend play for the Emergenza festival/tour last year. 
4) Going to the Yule Ball and hearing bands like Harry and the Potters. (and being the oldest one there other than the parents..ha ha oh well).
3) Watching The English Beat perform with a member from The Specials! and skanking (aka dancing to ska) with complete strangers
2) Drinking the coffee... soo good.
and finally
1) Hearing some wasted guy behind me scream out "Babies on a Rocket ship!!!" half the night. Somehow it had started with him yelling Mates of State (which is the name of the band playing) and progressed to Snakes on a Plane and finally to Babies on a Rocket ship. classic.
Some of the best Lentil soup Ive had and the tawook wrap was delicious. This is a hidden jewel in Ann Arbor. You must try.
Great food and the price is right. The lamb and the falafels really stand out here...the sauces are great and the pitas are warm and they make everything fresh (even the fries). Also, the service here is impeccable. One trip was with a group of friends, and the waitress helped us make fun of our friend and flirted a little bit, one of which he deserved of course (not the flirting). The second time the owner was actually working, and when my mom couldn't decide what she wanted he was real cool about having the chefs cook her up a sample of some lamb and chicken which he even dashed with a bit of sauce for her to try, which is really going the extra mile.
I ate here a lot when I worked in Pasadena. The food tastes great and its much better than Zanku and the Baja Fresh around the corner. I miss our daily lunches Parsi. Too bad you live off Diet Coke now.
This is one of my favorite spots in Cambridge, and by far, my favorite spot in Harvard Square. As the Square's foot traffic waxes and wanes outside, the crowd at Cafe Algiers seems to stay the same - never dead, never overflowing, always enough room to have an audible conversation or get lost in a book by yourself. I always sit upstairs, sometimes on the balcony, but more often, at one of the tables next to the railing looking downstairs for maximum people watching and window light. The architecture is beautiful and the vibe peaceful. Once they were playing an opera (softly) through the sound system, and I almost died of bliss.

As far as food goes, I recommend the hummus plate - their hummus is my gold-standard for smoothness and creamy flavor, and the pita always seems fresh. (If you're feeling indulgent, get the hummus and swap the pita for homemade french fries instead. Yum!) They serve breakfast all day and have other entree items, like a lamb sandwich and falafel. I rarely venture past the hummus (big plate and very filling), but have found the other foods to be just average. The drinks are also pretty good.

Unfortunately, as for service, I've had some pretty mixed experiences at Algiers. Once, my spouse and I waited over 40 minutes for the check (eventually going downstairs to ask), and otherwise, the staff can be flaky. But this isn't the kind of place I go to for the service - I go to hang out, because the place feels like an escape. And the high-brow graffiti in the women's room is pretty amusing, too.
Use to go to Zankou Chicken until I found this place. Waaaaay better. Their plates come with rice and salad instead of ....ummm, pickled beats (gross). The chicken shwarma is much better here also. Haven't had any bad experiences yet so far and have tried most of the stuff on the menu. Not sure about that napkin situation, but I always get mine to go. I live right around the corner from this place but would drive about 5 miles if I had to because I always feel full and great afterwards. A great place to get fresh delicious food fast and at a good price.
When you walk up to the counter, the first thing you'll notice is that big stick of meat, with its juices glistening and begging you to eat it. 

The chicken their is really great, that's all I eat there. The skin is crispy and the meat is juicy, not dry. Its more worth it to get the whole chicken, roughly 9 bucks. The half is almost 7, so for 2 dollars more, why not get the other half of the chicken. No need for the other side stuff. 

As for decor, there really isn't any. But then again, you don't go to these places cause it looks nice. You just go for the food.
best gyros.  best schawarma.  good service.  cheap food. delicious.
Pasadena landmark for me and soooooo delicious! Chicken shawerma always hits the spot. I agree with other reviewers: fast service, great place. I need to come back get me some more Zankou!
Hooray for the one-stars!  Never before have I been to a place so hell-bent on getting us out of there before we even sat down.

I went with a group of three to this awful place on a Saturday night.  We arrived around 10PM and there were still plenty of seats, so we asked to be seated outside.  When we sat down, they turned off the heat lamp above us.

When it came time to order, the waiter collected our menus, asked one of us what we wanted, took her order, and then left.  I suppose he assumed that all three of us wanted to share the one coffee she ordered.

Once we got his attention again (nearly 5-10 mins later), we told him the rest of us would like to order.  Seemingly inconvenienced, he allowed us to order two teas, a hookah, and a few desserts.  I asked what dessert was recommended and the 'cappuccino cake' was his choice, so I decided to try it.

As the food/drinks/hookah arrived, it looked as though everything would be okay.  This was only the beginning.  The hookah pipe was delivered, but was not lit (no coals provided).  They would not come for another 5-10 mins.

In the meantime, we removed our tea bags from our tea (NOTE: unless your tea is brewed from actual tea leaves -- and even then it's a 'maybe' --  you should put the tea bag in...not the restaurant; who knows how long it was in there or -- heaven forbid -- if it was perhaps a pre-used bag).  We removed our tea bags from the mugs and placed them on the saucers in front of us.  Immediately, someone came by to remove the tea bags and our spoons (NOTE: I like tea and I've NEVER been to a place that does this.  Tea bags can be used multiple times and patrons should be asked before removing them).  Still no coals for the hookah.

Eventually the coals came.  By then I had decided to taste the cappuccino cake.  Ugh.  Somehow it was simultaneously stale and undercooked.  It was layered similar to a tiramisu and did have the faint taste of coffee.  But, it also had the strong taste of a bad chocolate covered donut due to the chocolate coating on the sides (which wasn't icing...it really was like a chocolate covered donut).  Oh, and it had 'cappuccino' written on the top with icing.  Call it cute or call it tacky.  I think it was there so that you might for a second believe you're not eating someone's week-old coffee grinds.

The waiter made one stop to ask how everything was.  We asked for water and he said he'd be right back with it.  It never came.  He did come back again...to ask if we'd like the check.  We said we were still eating/smoking, but he could bring it if he wanted to.

Two seconds later, our hookah was gone.  Taken from the table.  Then, the table was cleared -- while we were sitting there.  Then, the check came.  At the same time, he said "here's your check and I'm sorry to do this, but I'd appreciate it if you closed out your bill as fast as possible so we can seat someone else."  Absolutely ridiculous.  I cannot begin to explain how I felt at that moment.  The best thing I can say is you should never go here.  Ever.  Ever.

Oh, and the infamous Rolls was outside as many others have mentioned.   It was parked in the handicapped spot.  If that car really belongs to the owner, it only cements the fact that he is a slimeball.
The falafel balls here are a work of art: perfectly crisp on the outside, and moist on the inside.

I usually get the avocado falafel. Tastes pretty good, but not super filling, and the pita bread always breaks, creating a big mess.
service not  so warm , food not soo bad nothing special  falafel has a big reputation i dont know why maybe u have to ve middle eastern to know the difference but trust me nothing special , shawarma is ok but the portion is too small  and lettuce inside a shawarma sandwish i dont think so !! why does everything have to be the american way , but good quality meat i should say , hummus and baba ghanouj very watery should be thicker , u need any advice contact me ;)
Price was as expected, for an above expected falafel.
This is such a shame to give such a potentially great restaurant just 3 stars.  It used to be much better.

The food is really very good , and the selection of freshly made vegetarian and meat dishes is excellent, as are their specials.

Service is really quite appalling, the service staff are chatting amongst themselves and when they move they forget to look around and studiously ignore anyone trying to catch their eye.

The prices are quite frankly ridiculous - An appetizer of bread with a little crumbled lamb, followed by a Donner Kebab (think high class gyro) was over $40.   

So, unless you want a frustrating and expensive evening - go elsewhere.

Oh - and Franklin street - build a parking garage for goodness sake!
LOVE this place, and not just because it has tons of vegetarian items. The people are friendly, the portions are huge (almost to a fault) and they give you wonderfully decadent fried pita chips with self-serve olive tapenade and spicy red sauce. I don't know WHAT is in that red sauce, but I can't get enough of it.

I love that the vegetarian combo is a nice balance of flavors and texture and includes plenty of protein:  beans, rice, green salad, babaghanoush (which is the best I've found in Pasadena -- nice and smoky), hummus and grape leaves. Oh, and pita bread. And pita chips. I usually have to share a plate because it's too much food, and it all tastes very fresh. 

The green bean stew (also with rice and beans and salad) is a hearty and satisfying meal for when you really don't want another falafel or bowl of hummus at a Mediterranean restaurant.

I only wish this place was a bit more comfortable. They've tried to dress up the interior a bit, but the tables and chairs are very cafeteria-like and uncomfortable, and the restaurant is not at all cozy, especially in winter. 

As for the parking, it's all on the street. I rarely have a problem finding a spot, even during the lunch rush hours, but you may have to walk a block or two. But after a big meal like that, you'll be glad for the exercise!
Very good Persian food, very fresh with some of the best kabobs in town. I go here at least twice a month, and have done so for 5-6 years, and I have NEVER been disappointed. Its run by a family, and they all seem to enjoy serving you.

The kabobs are all great, but the House one is recommended. They have special of the day, but they often run out pretty early in the day.

The place is small though, only 1 or 2 small tables inside, a small counter, and 1-2 tables outside. 
Most people buy food to go, but parking can sometimes be tricky, but you may find parking next to the liquor store. RECOMMENDED!
This place has their namesake down--the hummus is pretty good.  I'm a big fan of their "Hummus Salad," which includes hummus, avocado, tomato, cucumber, peppers, and other veggies.  From what I can tell, the sandwiches are also good--I usually just get the falafel sandwich, which is good, and I've heard good things about the shawarma too.  The platters are nice because you get to pick several sides (the carrots are surprisingly good).  Everything comes with a (very fluffy) whole wheat or white pita.

The restaurant itself is pretty small, so I'd recommend getting food to go, especially if you're with more than one or two other people.  The line can sometimes move a bit slow, and can sometimes be held up by the person at the register taking a telephone order, but food is always ready quickly once you've placed your order.
I love this place. You can get a healthy tasty Neal under $5. I love the fallafel sandwich and you get a zillion fixings to go with it. yum yum.
They have the best gyros I've EVER had!!!!! I am not kidding! they are huge, full of delicious lamb and beef spiced and mildly spicy, the tzatziki is delicious,  the falafel are scrumptious, and I love the fries. Dining in in the expanded dining are is nice and fun during the day, and taking gyros home to eat in private is also just as awesome.

The music is fun and upbeat, and I have been here at different times of the day for food.  Around lunch time, it's not too crowded but the service is awesome,  early evening, still not crowded but definitely still awesome. The hour of the drunks:  okay be prepared to wait, and I am talking about 45 minutes, perhaps longer.  This is the one time I do not like to be there, people  jam into the doorway  waiting for food, and it's only two men running the place. I always feel sorry for them cause they get hit hard at night  when people are done drinking. 

This is by far one of my all time favorite places for food in the U-Dist, and it's m,ega cheap on my wallet too
I have never written a review on Yelp and didn't plan to. But I just feel the need to warn other people about Falafel on Broadway. I ordered the chicken over rice with fries and my girlfriend ordered the veggie platter. The chicken was SO dry that it tasted like jerky and I can't imagine how long the chicken sat on the grille before being served to me. My girlfriend's veggie platter was so sour it was tasted ridiculous. Now girlfriend is extremely tolerant when it comes to food and for her to tell me something tastes disgusting, it definitely meant something.

 I should have been smart and realized that there were NO OTHER CUSTOMERS at 6:30pm on a Monday night. But mistakes were made and the only thing I can do now is to warn you from going there.
very good
quick service. amazing food. chicken shwarma. garlic sauce. the end.
This place must have the largest cost/value gap in Chapel Hill. You can count on meager, boring, and oddly repetitive dishes at truly astonishing prices. The yoghurt drink for $2 is the only thing on the menu that approximates reality. There is simply nothing in the food to justify the pretentious bill your server will politely deliver. Nothing. Walk down the block to the Mediterranean Deli for better and more ample fare at 1/3 the cost. Won't do this one again.
Great hummus, great pastries (I'm a fan of their scones) and I just tried an excellent baba ganoush. Also a lovely atmosphere and environment; discovering the outdoor second floor deck was such a lovely and unexpected surprise. 

Slight drawback: For the quantity of food most of the items strike me as slightly overpriced.
They have the best chicken sandwich pitas, and the hummus is outstanding (I always get a large tub on the side and snack on it for the rest of the week!).  If they had gyros on the menu here too, I'd give up Daphne's altogether!  Other pluses: The prices aren't expensive ($5 - $10/entree), the walk-up counter ordering makes it easy to pick up on the way home, and street parking is never too hard to find.  All in all, great quality food for a good price.
If it weren't so close to Zankou I'd probably rate it higher but as is... the chicken schwarma was good and quite a good amount but wasn't crazy about the flavor. I just rather head down a few blocks to Zankou for a better meal. I will give it that the service was quite fast and very nice. Also do yourself a favor and get the pita chips with a side of hummus, now that was delicious.
Great falafel and roll ups.  The lamb plate is also a ton of food for your money.  I'd highly recommend calling in your order to pick up though.  During dinner time the line can back up and you can end up waiting for your order for a while.  It always felt great to walk in and having my food waiting for me, probably saved several hours over the years.
The Middle East is the center of my world, here in the Boston area. Joseph and Nabile and their sister Erica have become family to me. When Billy Ruane made this place the mecca for great music way back when, he created a hotspot for creative freaks (like me), a place where we can try out our ideas, research other people's ideas, and be guaranteed a great meal. Okay, so there are some rough spots, too... it's a rock club at heart, after all. With what goes on in those bathrooms... (you really have no idea, kiddies) it's amazing they work the majority of the time. I think a hole in the floor would be more appropriate for the abuse those rooms take. Something that can easily be hosed down.
This is more like a three and a half star review.  I wish they would let us do the half stars.  I promise not to show off more fractions I know :)

We continue our search for a good falafel sandwich.  This might be as close as it gets.  I was happy with my sandwich, happy they warmed up the pita and happy (unlike my weekend's experience) they, like any other falafel I've had, added onions.  I shall ask for extra onions next time :)   They even have what-looks-like sambal olek at the table for hot sauce!  Can't beat that.

The husband ordered the chicken shewerma and my oh my, that is absolutely YUMMY!!  I think I will have that the next time if i'm not craving for a falafel fix :)
It is a cold windy day in Massachusetts.... and so I walk in to this spot. Also craving some crepes, which can supposedly be found here.

Er, crepes are NOT awesome here (cannot believe I am saying this of *any* crepe). Expensive and blah. Don't bother. Get the baklava or something... Dunno how theirs would taste as I didn't order it, but they have a Mediterranean vibe so I'm guessing it should be better.

Three stars because they have Italian sodas. And service was ok. Liked the ambience too, though yes they could have given each table a little more space.
We usually just go to the hookah place on River Road but decided to try a new one. This place has VERY good food, albeit a bit pricey. What I didn't like was the fact that it was so dark and dingy and smelled like public bathroom. Not appetizing.
I've had the veggie plate from here in the past, which comes with hummus, baba ganoush, tabbouleh, falafel, dolmas and a few other things. It's quite filling and is always prepared quickly at a reasonable price. The inside is small, so plan of taking it to go, but everything is fast and the people are friendly.

The falafel and dolmas are some of the best I've had in the east bay. The hummus was not as good as other places, but the warm pita bread and the side of cucumbers and so many other  flavors totally made up for it.

This afternoon, I got a half dozen falafel and a half pint of tabbouleh. The total was $4.25 and it was quite a lot for a small snack. The falafel were fried perfectly, just like I remembered and the man behind the counter stuffed as much tabbouleh as possible into my to go container. It was super dense and super filling at lunch. I would have liked it if they drained the falafel a bit more, but I was in a rush so I suppose that's okay. Comes with a side of the great yogurt sauce.

Nice place for a full meal or a quick snack. Reasonable, close to everything, and with pretty extensive hours as well.
I LOVE ZANKOU CHICKEN. 
Their pita bread and garlic sauce with the hot, tender chicken is food for my hungry soul. Their kabobs are also pretty darn good too. 

Garlic sauce garlic sauce garlic sauce get lots of garlic sauce

Also, it's better to dine in than take it to-go if you get the chicken. The chicken skin gets soggy inside the little aluminum bag they put it in. No me gusta.
I live right near this place, I could basically skip here if I wanted. 
But actually, I don't want more than I want. I've hit up this place many a time in search of cheap, fast, and slightly better than mediocre brunch, and have rather dissapointed at times.
The food is CHEAP and greasy but good, and the coffee is verryyy strong. But I don't know what it is about me, but I seem to get stuck with poor waitstaff! I had to actually stand on my chair to get service. and we'd been sitting there for about 15 minutes, and it was the middle of the day on a Monday. 
Maybe I need to start wearing a reflector vest, or stop being so picky about having to wait 90 years to get breakfast. 
If you go here, be prepared for looong waits, slow service but with pleasant waitstaff, and greasy cheap food. that's all I've got!
The Lamb Pita hands down is the best I've had. I've always wanted to try Bella Pita out because i walk by it many times before. Little did i know i was missing out on some seriously good stuff. Try the really hot sauce because its just great! It may seem mild at first, but it leaves your tongue with an impression. This place is just great for a person like me because  Westwood has been so boring with the selection of food. Thank god for some change because i don't know how long i could have lasted eating nothing but pizza and burgers every time i go there! Try it out, you wont be disappointed!
While strolling the village on a recent Saturday, my husband and I came upon Saca's. Since we are really into Mediterranean these days I Yelped it and due to the good ratings we gave it a shot a few days later.

My husband and I both ordered the chicken schwarma plate.  The chicken is delicious!  You get a choice of fries or salad with it...I'm bummed they don't have rice. We both chose salad, which was super fresh. The dressing was a bit tangy for me, but my husband enjoyed it.  He also loved the kalamata olive hummus you can add to your order. The garlic sauce was so-so and I'm not a hummus aficionado enough to rate that.  

We enjoyed Saca's so much that we went there last Saturday also.  I had a chicken schwerma sandwich which was really good but I found it ridiculous that I could not add feta cheese to it.  My husband ordered the beef schwerma, but he didn't care for it as much as the chicken. There was far too much allspice in it.
My favorite place. Of all time. 

It's one of those places that you instantly crave, with any mention of Mediterranean food. I haven't really been able to go too often since I'm usually out of town, so I've been on the hunt for anything like Med Cafe, but I've only been full of disappointment every time!

I always get the beef kabob. The meat is always super tender and juicy, the rice is always perfectly seasoned, the salad is fresh and yummy, the hummus..omg YUM, the garlic spread...YES, ALKSDJFLKS .....I'm salivating as I'm writing all of this! 

It's a family owned business, so you'll always find one or more of the family members working the counter. You get your food by the time you're putting your money/credit card back into your wallet. Awesome.

GO GO GO!
Pretty decent shawarma!

I got the Lamb Shawarma "Sandwich", which is actually a wrap ($5.99, w/garlic sauce, onions, tomatoes, pickles, parsley, and tahini sauce) and really enjoyed the tender, flavorful lamb that was cooked on a spit.  It was devoid of gristle, which I appreciated, but the wrap was oddly thin and there wasn't enough of the delicious garlic sauce.  

Service was friendly, but distracted, the place is ornately decorated, but casual.  Overall, this family run restaurant is a good destination for a tasty and affordable meal.
After reading all the reviews, I couldn't wait to try this place. I was very disappointed though. Yes, service is fast and cheap, but that's also how the food tastes. I wouldn't recommend this place.
cheap prices, quick service, and decently sized portions. one of the better shawarma places in the area, although troy (both in alameda and down college ave) are better in my book. what makes this place awesome to me is the falafel!! lightly fried, somewhat flaky, well seasoned, somewhat dense (but not so), definitely not too "beany" and $4 for 6?? that's a steal.  if you're just going to get one thing, get the falafel.
Open late, tastes great!
Yay cheap, tasty falafel plates! Lovely, lovely tabouleh! And did I mention it's (relatively for Cambridge) cheap? My poor grad school entertainment budget is very happy for this place. I got the veggie combo plate, and couldn't finish it, there was so much food. It was fresh, and the cucumber salad wasn't at all soggy. I will definitely go back.
I guess I was imagining more of a menu in lap, sit at table, waiter service when coming here...but it's more casual, menu above, move through line place.

The area doesn't seem as lively on a Saturday afternoon, but then it looks like it's in a newly developing area. The T line isn't too far away, just a brief 5 minute walk. 

The food was really good and plentiful! I really liked the spicy potatoes paired with the couscous salad and grape leaves. I ordered the 3 veggie dish and it was delicious and filling! 

I would check this place out if you don't want a fancy dining experience and don't want to break the bank.
i wanted to like this place sooo bad. i ordered the chicken wowshee and put all the crazy toppings in it and was just not impressed. the chicken was almost inedible. it was like fatty? and even the toppings couldn't make it not bland. so disappointed! 

for the amount of food they gave you, it's definitely a bargain. from reading all the amazing reviews, i'm definitely going to go back to try the falafel and maybe steak. but my experience was a letdown. =[ hopefully i'll have more positive things to say soon.
When we walked in, it was mostly empty, but half the tables were filthy, with old dishes, leftover food, etc leftover from previous customers.  It was a bit of a turn-off to me.  

I was also disappointed that they didn't have lunch...I went there on a Saturday at 1:30 PM and I was totally in the mood for lunch (and since it was called Brookline LUNCH, I figured my desire would be fulfilled) but they only served breakfast.

I got a breakfast sandwich with sausage and the sausage with chewy and over-cooked.

They forgot to bring my drink, too!!

I guess I'd give it a second chance but I was not impressed.  Frankly, the rave reviews shock me.
Hands down, I would choose the Med Cafe over Zankou any time.
I wonder why this place is being compared to Zankou, that is like comparing Baja Fresh to Taco Bell. 

The food is fresh and served quickly, the sauces are spectacular, and the hummus is mouth watering. I usually stick to the chicken shawerma plate. The plate consists of sliced chicken placed on a bed of rice, a side of salad, hummus, pita bread, plus garlic and chili sauce. I like to stuff all of the above in the pita bread and try to get every bit of goodness in one single bite. Good god its like an orgy in my mouth~

I've tried to stuffed grape leaves and falafel which were ok. Are grape leaves suppose to be so sour? 

Oh and sometimes, not always, but sometimes they run out of the meat before closing time so last minute efforts may be in vain.
eh, it was ok.

kinda bland.
falafel is not THAT GOOD. however the baklava is freaking delicious and so is the chicken kabob wrap. i thought the toppings really made the wrap and that hot sauce is yummy. 

hummus was pretty run of the mill but still above average.
I am partial to this place because I saw the Triscuits perform here in 2000.  The sound isn't great due to the low ceilings, but the Middle East gets great bands to play.  If you haven't seen a show here, you must, it's part of your Boston initiation.
Solid, tasty Middle Eastern food close to campus. The sandwich/fries/drink deal is super cheap (5.99) and the plates are large and tasty. I like the veggie deluxe sandwich (falafel + hummus + tahini, etc.). 

It's not the most beautiful place on the inside, but that's not the point. It's a great place for a casual, healthy lunch!
I love this place! The food is really good; the best food I've had in this category. I've tried just about everything on the menu and it is all good, but what really keeps me coming back, is the service. Muhammad, one of the owners, is really hospitable, I feel as if though I am entering his home when I visit his restaurant.

For example, he knows I love his lamb soup with a side of basmatti rice, so when he has a fresh batch (he doesn't make it often, mostly during winter) and he sees me come in he will immediately begin to serve up my fav dish with out me having to mention anything, cool service!

I will be a life time customer so long as this place is around and continues with the excellent service.
Great food , probably one of the best  Persian eateries in all of So. Cal (Westwood/tehrangeles included) . Great prices, heaping servings, nice clean atmosphere. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the service is sometimes (very seldom) a bit lacking.
Such a pleasant atmosphere/ambiance, and a nice selection of teas, coffees, and smoothies. I'm not a big coffee drinker, so it's nice to be able to "grab coffee" with friends and have such a variety of drink options.

I really appreciate the wait staff doesn't push you out as soon as you've finished your drink. And I appreciate that--while small and cozy-feeling on the one hand, there are plenty of seats and little nooks so you don't feel crammed or pressured to leave.
Ok, so I just finished a review for Savas which is right next door. Let's take this place on.

It was 9:30pm when my friend and I finally finished our work and we really wanted something close by to the dorm, good and inexpensive. So I took out my phone and I flipped through the businesses in the area. After deciding that the Indian restaurants in the area were either closed or not up to par, we settled on Ed's. Their name really misleads you to think that Wings and Pizza are all that they have. In fact, if you take a look at their extensive menu, you'll soon realize that they are a sandwich place, a wrap place, a salad place, a middle eastern place... pretty much everything you want when you get hungry in the middle of the night. I went with 20 wings with Ed's Icy Hot and a chicken shawarma wrap. Yes, I was hungry and I'm a fattie. Don't judge.

The shawarma wrap was ok. Good but nothing to write home about. The wings though was delicious! Sometimes you get burnt wings that are chewy, but these are nicely coated and savory. I might go back to get an order of 300....

Similarly to Savas, they have an extensive display of pizzas which I think would taste just as good as the other foods they have. I'll be back soon!
Fast, cheap, and great! the beef kebab is awesome and their hummus is good too. I appreciate their Greek salad that comes with all of their plates, but the rice is just Rice-a-Roni. Other than the rice, I love this place!
Great Sunday lunch. Quality food and very friendly staff.  Service was very personable and the lamb was succulent.  The salad was a tad overpriced but the red pepper dip that is served with the complimentary fresh baked bread is AMAZING!!!  

Recommended!
THE best Mediterranean food I've had in a while. The chicken shwarma plate is delicious and cheap. Everything is made fresh. I don't go there to sit and eat because it's too cramped for my tastes.
Great venue that cheers me up and motivates me to go to catholic church in the next few hours of the morning. So I come here primarily on Sunday mornings, time range fluctuate from 1:30 am to 3:00 am. Ocasionally on the weekdays. We are always treated with great service. Their Kabob is amazing let alone peaches and blueberry hookah. I'm not a smoker at all but have picked up the habit of blowin Tabacco smoke here on Sunday mornings. The setting platform is extremely at ease and relaxing that it's an ideal place to wind down. They have cool music that makes you want to dougie and start to Breakdance fight battle! I don't think they have a dancing permit and it's super crowded every time or else it would of been a 6 star rating. It's a great hidden gem that they have reasonable prices and amazing fruit shakes that don't make feel guilty sleeping witha stuffed stomache. Maybe the only thing I can advise on this place is to add LCDs in the bathrooms and while they are at it they should create a bathroom app as well.
Great food, not so good service, but hey, who goes to a Middle Eastern restaurant for hospitality anyway? 

The decor is early Starsky and Hutch, but the prices are too, so get it to go if you want a candlelight dinner w/ a view and Motovani playing in the background.

Garlic sauce...to die for! Not really into the purple turnips, but my Weimaraner loves them! (she also eats her own shit  too, so idk...) But the real superstars are the kabobs! That's all the Darminator gets there. Flavorful, yet it won't scald your tongue. I get a chicken and beef combo. If you go there, just order the Darminator and they'll know you want one too.

I've seen Sarah Silverman there before. While she was there she got a phone call...it was 1993, they wanted their thrift store flannel shirt back(and somebody please tell her she's way too big for a Mini Cooper)
I've been there once for a show. The place was packed with younger kids than me, so it wasn't the best show I've been too. I think there are thins they could do to improve the place, but it wasn't horrible. I would return. I didn't check out their bathrooms. The merchandise set up wasn't the best. I was surprised it was smaller than I expected. 

I didn't check out the restaurant part.
Cool little middle-eastern place. Just stopped in for a drink in the early evening (7) before a play at Central Square Theatre. Reminded me a little of Abu Zom Zom in the Haight. Food looked and smelled great but we didn't eat. Drinks a little weak.
Terrible place..
1) Horrible food
2) Too expensive for a place like this
3) Annoying waiters
4) Irritating ambience

I wish there were an option of giving half star. 

Whatlse can i say...except for "Dont go there ever!"
ok... WTF happened to this place... this was my go-to place for a long long time.  I've been in Cambridge since September of 2007 and when i first came here.. wow the food was awesome!  They use to fill the wraps with lots of meat ( if you get a chicken or lamb roll-up).  It seems like this place got new ownership and they are sacrificing quality.  The old Falafel palace would take their time pressing the rolls until they are crispy... Now the rolls are pressed WITH the aluminum on.  They only leave the rolls on the presser for mere seconds.  What you are left with is a floppy, cold roll that falls apart.  Speaking of falling apart.. they now leave the top and bottom ends of the roll OPEN.  EVERYTHING falls out! wtf are they thinking.  And what is the deal with the greens they are putting in the rolls... first, they tried to use "high-class" salad type of greens in the roll.  I think they realized that cost too much money and now they put in lettuce..  wtf.. just keep it original.. more meat.. less greens.  Before these new people started working at Falafel it used to be meat/falafel, pickles some tomatoes and few, few greens.  They USED to give a hot crispy roll that was much larger in size.  I keep getting angry thinking about the change in food.  I dont even want to talk about the quality of the chicken, lamb and plates.  Do not go to Falafel palace... this place went from A+ to Z-
Extremely unassuming but expectation-defyingly good.

I had chicken and waffles, and it was just great. The folks are friendly and the price is so reasonable for the portions that it's almost criminal.
So my Israeli friend introduced me to this restaurant and I must say, it has been my favorite place to go for lunch. And that's not because I work in Greenbelt, MD where Popeyes, KFC, and various other greasy fast food joints abound. Pita Plus is a bit on the pricey side but you can get away with $12 if you order one of their delicious shawarmas on a laffah bread. You can pretty much request all sorts of fixings along with the meat including my favorites:  fried eggplants and french fries. Be forewarned, the mango chutney will make you stink when you sweat it out later. Other recommendations on the menu include Iraqi kebab, schnitzel and baby chicken. Try one, try it all. My only gripe with this place is the sub-standard service (kept it from being a 4 star). But, if you have a couple of hours for lunch then by all means give this place a shot!
I know it's terribly confusing but let's clarify here:
Middle East Upstairs = small music venue behind the bar restaurant
Middle East Downstairs = large music venue underneath another bar restaurant (below Middle East Corner, if you want to be completely specific)
ZuZu = small restaurant that sometimes has live music INSIDE the restaurant

So. This review is for ZuZu, the small middle eastern restaurant that is sandwiched between Middle East Upstairs and Middle East Corner. Everyone understand?

ZuZu has delicious food but, like everyone has mentioned, the service can be terrible. They sometimes bring over the waitresses from the Middle East Upstairs restaurant and when that happens, look out; the women act as surly in the nice restaurant as they do in the crappy one. But the food, as I said, is delicious and totally worth it. I highly recommend the ZuZu Platter to split between friends (the whipped garlic can be had at all sides of the Middle East and is deadly; don't plan to make out with anyone or even speak for at least two days). I looooove their version of the Cuban sandwich but I recently heard it was removed from the menu. I also heard you can still order it if you're nice. 

Saturday nights kick ass when the Soul-le-lu-jah DJs spin dirty soul and the restaurant packs ass-to-ass with booty shaking awesomeness. Good luck getting a drink; the bartenders are notoriously slow. 

Prices are average for the neighborhood. All sides of the Middle East are easily accesible by red line and #1 bus plus there's plenty of parking around Central Square.
Bella Pita is absolutely delicious.  I have multiple friends at UCLA and visit them for the sole reason of going to Bella Pita.  Its THAT good.  My best friend and his girlfriend are regulars there and taught me how to wowshi.  I always get the chicken wowshi (because it comes with 2 "pitas" and the chicken is delicious and flavorful) and drench it in the white sauce, herb sauce, and various hot sauces, depending on how spicy i want it.  Then i stuff it with lettuce, tomatoes and a ton of red onions.  Make sure you put the sauce on the wowshi first otherwise your meal will be dry at the end, and no one wants that.  Also, if you get fries, make sure to create a special sauce by mixing the white sauce with the really hot sauce.  Its especially delightful.  Bella Pita is phenomenal and everyone should definitely check it out.
habibiii..yummyyy....its the best mid-eastern food!!!..
  For those people who have burned all their calories dancing all night,and if you feel really hungry around 3am..this is the place to go to!!..they have amazing tahini sauce,and other entrees..
Arabic songs+good food+some random people trying to belly dance=AWESOME!!...one must go there !!! :)

-smriti
Went here fiending for a cheeseburger...should have known, based on the mediterranean food options, that ground beef would not be ZuZu's specialty.

Our burgers were BJ's style revived-from-frozen patties sans melted cheese. The fries, to their credit, weren't bad.

The beer selection was interesting, and I was able to score a Brooklyn lager, making the this venture not a complete loss. The total cost of $25.00 for two beers and two entrees helped with this feeling as well.

The belly dancer and live music were kind of loud for my taste, but, meh. 
They do mix strong drinks and provide a good landing spot before heading to a show at the Middle East.
Great place for 3 reasons:  1.  The food is really pretty good.  2.  The atmosphere--it's an architectural marvel and they place cool music and loud volumes.  3.  It's open until 3 AM.
Came here on a whim.  Walked in and there was a line out the door, good sign.  We wanted a kebob, at first glance the menu made this place look like a burrito place, but a closer look revealed that this place serves up interesting kebobs made with spices from India, Pakistan, and Mexico.  A college student convinced me to give it a try, he comes here all the time.  And now I will!!

The Nan's are made fresh,  not taken out of a costco bag, this is the real deal, the food is all made to order, fresh and flavorful.  

Service can be a bit rude, but for a college joint what do you expect!!!
Best gyro for the price....hands down. Old lebanese guy flirts with everybody, guy or girl, he is so flippin funny.

But that gyro....salivation....mmmm. Something to look forward to while sitting in summer class :)
I've never been to a show at the middle east, maybe thats why people gave it great reviews. As a place to get a drink before/during/after work, I'd rather find somewhere else. Kinda dirty atmosphere, don't look up, the exposed pipes look like they are gonna fall on you. The middle east is the kind of place where you can spend your hard earned money every day, and still not get recognized when you walk in the door. I've always been fairly anti-middle east, maybe it's because of the rising gas prices? kidding! I just don't find it a good place to hang out, and I don't think the owners are particularly friendly.
Yet another Ann Arbor classic.  Mmm!  I may or may not have eaten this every 1-2 weeks in college.

Food:
- jgarden has THE BEST FALAFEL I've ever had.  So perfectly crispy on the outside and flavorful within.  The falafel with hummus sandwich is delicious and is my go-to item every time.  The last time I came to jgarden, I was not very hungry and trying to figure out what I could get.  Then the server told me that you can order a half portion of the sandwich.  I was sold!  The half portion ended up being a decent size too.
- The chicken shawarma is very tender but on the bland side.  Plus, how can you order that for your entree when the falafel is so damn good?
- The hummus, mjaddara, rice pilaf, kibbeh balls, and baklava are all delicious.
- The vegetarian grape leaves are pretty good, but the grape leaf sandwich is not filling enough for me, so I prefer to order grape leaves as an appetizer or side dish instead.
- The lentil soup is tasty and "lightly spiced" as the menu calls it.  There's some cumin and other spices in there.  Of course, my favorite lentil soup is at Lebanese Grill (in Troy and Shelby Township), but this soup is still very good.
- I don't really like the flavor, or the extra ingredients, in the tabbouli and fattoush.  According to the menu, the tabbouli is made with "parsley, cucumber, tomatoes, red pepper, red onion, carrot, quinoa, lemon juice, vinegar, olive oil, salt."  The fattoush is made with "parsley, cucumber, tomatoes, red pepper, red onion, carrot, lemon, salt, vinegar, olive oil and sumac served with choice of fried or toasted pita."  So don't go in expecting to eat a leafy fattoush salad.
- I believe they make their own hot sauce... mmm!

Other:
- It's really crowded in the front, but they expanded the back a few years ago and also added a patio.  You can also get take-out.
- The servers and chefs are all very chill people.
- A few months back, I read about how the nearby parking garage construction project was hurting business at jgarden :(  I'm more than happy to support them anytime!
I've visited a couple of times for breakfast (i.e. pancakes and waffles) because I couldn't think of a place more affordable. The taste was okay; the food could possible have been served warmer. I was a little disappointed with the portion size; I still feel like I could have gotten more for my money. I'm sure the cafe has better performance with lunch and dinner, and I like how it offers several tea options. Patrons may enjoy the hookah.
Seems to have gone downhill recently.  Pita chips seem to be over-fried and the rice apparently came from Uncle Ben.  I liked it better when they had a salsa bar.  Not cheap, but you can save by ordering the daily special and using your punch card to get a free meal after nine visits.
Good, good Turkish food.

It was the night before Labor Day, so more restaurants than usual were closed. We finally settled on Istanbul Grill, which I've heard was good. Boy, am I glad we came!

Service was quick and friendly. We originally made to sit outside, but with the skeeters, decided to sit in. They were ok with that. For dishes, they helped us navigate with dishes, too.

The food was excellent and seemed pretty darn authentic. Hummus is to live for, their lamb is praise-worthy, and baklava (dessert) is positively delightful.

It was a good ending to a day. Even my bf who doesn't like Middle Eastern-ish food loved it here, so I am adding this place to my ever-growing list of good places to eat in Houston.

Take note: parking is a premium, so better to park on a street maybe a block or two away.
Food was amazing! Service was ok, but the food did come out fast.
SHADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe we were unlucky, but we definitely had one SHADY waiter. 

First off, it was the first time my 2 friends and I went to this hookah lounge, just because it looked like there was a decent amount of people. 

Secondly, our waiter was really creepy and kept trying to be all "friendly" with my friend, telling stupid jokes and making us "laugh." 

When he asked us for what we'd like to drink, we all said "water." And he shadily kind of said under his breath "okay that's 3 bottles of water." I heard it, but didn't really think anything of it because he said it so softly and wasn't sure if he really said bottles.

Then when he asked what flavor we wanted, we told him "strawberry." And he kind of looked at us weird as if we ordered something weird. So I asked him, "okay what is one of the most popular flavors?" He then said, "white peach." And we said "okay we will get white peach." But thennn, he points to another table and says, "see everything is freshly made here. You see that fresh apple? You will get a fresh apple as well." Not knowing much, we just agreed. 

After we got our hookah, he brought us 3 bottles of water. They looked really small and cheap, so my friends and I kind of shrugged it off and assumed the water was probably like a $1 or something.

We also ordered fries. 

Then the bill comes along, he then cracks some wise ass joke, "oh I added champagne in there." (which was to be funny about how high our bill was." 

We look at it, and each bottle of water was $2.50 each!!! Not only that, that "fresh apple" was also an extra charge!!!!!! UGH!! Our bill came out to be about $45 with the fries and everything. WHAT a ripoff. And he tries to be all clever and funny!!! I'm never coming here again.
A good solid place for Mediterranean food in Pasadena. The meat is juicy with good flavor and tender. The prices are fair and the portions are pretty big, although the wraps could be a little bigger.

There is indoor and outdoor seating but it does get pretty crowded during lunch time. Service is pretty good-you order at the counter and the food comes out on a tray in a couple minutes. The owner and his son run a tight ship and don't put up with any b.s. but they're pretty friendly.
I used to think this place was awesome. That was before I knew what hooka was. Now that I've had a little more experience I know that the hooka here is way over priced. Not to mention the food is expensive and sucky.

Oh yeah and they have specials so you gotta be careful. Like one night i went with my friend and it was like a 15 dollar minimum per person or something and we just wanted hooka. THey didn't tell us this till after we sat down so we had to order food and lets just say it didn't take long for us to rack up 15 bucks a person. 

Wouldn't recommend it unless you like loud music, crowded places, and mediocre hooka. 

However it has bright lights and cool decor so maybe you should try it at least once just to say you have.
What more can you say about Zankou?  I've been eating here for longer than I can remember and the quality has never waivered.  Although the prices have risen in recent years and they seem to be trying to class up the joint with pictures of Lebanon and what not, underneath, it's still the same: great chicken, awesome garlic sauce, and surly service.  I've actually come to like the surliness, in fact.  Why, just a few months ago, my buddy and I were grabbing some lunch, and somewhere between the order and the pick-up, he lost his receipt.  He remembered his number, just lost the piece of paper.  When his order number was called, they wouldn't give him his food.  I thought it was the funniest thing ever.  After 10 minutes of arguing and frantic searching through his pockets, he finally secured his food.  His grumpiness only increased the satisfaction of my meal.  

If you don't feel like chicken on the bone, get the shawarma or the tarna, both are awesome (just don't lose your receipt!!)
Had a very warm and welcoming experience at Samir's during my recent visit. The owner was very nice, had a lively conversation with us and offered us some homemade special hot sauce. My friend had a lamb shank special which he claimed was just amazing. I had my usual tauwk (chicken) dish without any disappointment. Finally, I must mention about the dessert 'Nomoura' which was a unique sweet that I ever had.
Food good. Seating bad. 

You might want to bring a lawn chair the next time you're here. The seating is so limited that they practically could've written me a rejection letter, informing me of my potential to become a candidate but due to current circumstances, they cannot take me in at the time. Other than that, the falafel sandwich w/ yogurt is phenomenal(ly filing).
Went for Lunch today, service was awful! The lady working there was scary and didnt even offer us drinks we had to flag down the guy and order.  We didnt really know what we wanted right away so she got the picture menu and stood there seemingly annoyed while we looked through it.  Food ended up being SUPER EXPENSIVE for very small portions (nothing like the pictures)!  After we got the check she gave us a small menu take out menu that had lunch prices that were way way less. Very annoying experience never going again.
One of the greats among true Ave goers. I love coming here late at night when nowhere else is open. The guys working behind the counter are chill and pretty entertaining as well. 

Modestly priced, their beef/lamb gyros are amazing. Of the numerous times I've been here, I haven't tried anything else on their menu but I'm sure its all good. 

The last time I visited was for a quick dinner. Things were a bit slow 'round the shop and I had noticed they had pre-made a couple gyros and threw them in the bag. The gyro didn't taste noticeably different or worse, just a bit 'shady' to me. The fries were meh, probably were sitting out for a while. 

Quick note, they charge 50 cents for credit/debit transaction
I love this place!!! I first learnt about it on yelp and decided to walk in on a Friday night. Even though the place is packed during lunch and dinner, the line moves fast and you never end up waiting more than 5 minutes.

The best items to try are the tarna plate, wrap and the whole chicken. Pitas and garlic sauce are unlimited... make sure you ask for the peppers too. I have all my colleagues hooked on to this place - it's our Friday lunch place.
Pretty good.  Tastier than the Mr Gyros in Greenwood, in my opinion, although the portion size might be a bit smaller.

One caveat, don't expect quick service.  Don't know if they just make everything from scratch or they are just slow, but you'll want to keep that in mind.

Yes, the decor is a bit bad but so is most every falafel joint i've been to.  I've heard people speaking Arabic, both the cooks and patrons, which is pretty cool in my opinion.  

If you want a good falafel, give these guys a try!
I have been to this place many many times and I love the food there. I typically get the kabab combo (1 chicken and 1 lamb skewer). The food is super fast, succulent, great tasting and the price is right. The kabab comes with a pita bread, Hummus and salad. I have tried the veggie combo as well and all the items I have tried are excellent.

My only gripe is that the place closes at 7pm and its only take out after 6:30 and they remove the chairs. Luckily there are lot of seating in case you get there after 6:30pm.
Probably one of the better-kept Mediterranean spots out there.  It's more of a fast food type place rather than a full-service sit-down, which makes it that much more enjoyable for me.  I can run in after the gym, when I'm in the area...and get a great affordable meal.  

Best item here would bethe chicken...evidenced by the resto's name, of course, he he he.  But the kabobs and tri tip are great as well.  But for me, nothing beats the chicken.  Served with Pita bread and the kicker...a garlic spread for each savory bite of your meal.  I usually get more than one order of garlic spread.  

Extremely affordable and very good food, it's a can't miss!

If only there were a spot near work or my place, I would probably come here far more often than I get a chance to.  Come on Zankou!  The 90242 is calling you!!!
I have never had the opportunity to have the food here, so I will speak for the nightlife.

I came here last night and honestly had an awesome time. I read a few reviews saying that they mostly saw high school kids hanging here, i personally didn't see anyone under the age of 21. The staff was super accommodating and fun. I was there for at least three hours and the hookah lasted the whole time, only had my coals changed once. The atmosphere is extremely friendly, it was as if everyone there was engaging with each other instead of a private party per table. my friend actually joined in with a group of guys playing the drums who were much obliged to let her steal the spotlight for a little. there were also two dancers there that entertained the upstairs lounge nearly the entire night with their flashy gold waist belt and hypnotic moves. I was at Opa earlier in the night, and basically, that place doesn't compare to Byblos in my opinion.

all in all, i will for sure be coming back to this place to enjoy some more night life.
Very tasty falafel sandwiches for a pretty decent price.  Great for lunch.
Been here several times and it's overrated by the campus crowd. The gryos / falafel wraps are mediocre compared to some other places around town.

The falafel was burnt to a crisp and flavorless, very greasy as well.
This place has hit it's niche well - cheap, plentiful, consistent, and pretty tasty. I like to go here often when I'm passing by the area, and I'm never disappointed.

The guys who seem to run it work hard, are concerned that you like your food, and are keeping a good thing going.

It's a bit cramped, though, so shoot for the takeout, and if you get a sandwich with garlic sauce, ask them to go easy on it or you'll get it all over your hands later on.
Bella Pita reminds me of an old sketch comedy where the catchphrase was "the freshness is you!" Everything seems so fresh that I wanted to devour it instantly. Kind of surprisingly even the condiment/topping bar had fresh items to pick. I There in nothing quite like fresh hot pita bread. I wish they had plates since my wowshi and fries were hot but I still managed with the bag.

I admit I avoided their veggie falafels and salad as I'm not into being healthy but wen I saw someone else order it I was tempted. I'm not sure this place would agree with a falafel purist though as most of their dishes are adaptions.
The waitress rocked. Super cook. Great recommendations too.

Cannot remember what it was called that we ordered, but there is an appetizer with the sesame bread at the bottom of the app list: get it! YUM! So many things to dip that warm/fresh bread in!

The Turkish beer was ok. Not the best, but hey! Why not?!

In all, the vibe is very casual. The prices are reasonable. The wait staff is awesome. 

If ever I go back to Houston, I will come back!
Came on a Saturday night for dinner.  Not the nicest looking place inside, but still aesthetically pleasing to my eye, as the place was clean, but definitely old school, with wood paneleling and wall to wall mirroring.  

I had the falafel wrap and bf had the chicken tarna, we shared an order of hummus.  The falafel wrap was SO good, which included some tasty falafel, a delicious creamy sauce (tzatziki?), fresh lettuce and tomato all wrapped into a warm pita.  

BF also enjoyed his chicken tarna as well.

Hummus was okay, tasted kinda pasty, I've had better. And the downside of ordering the hummus is that it comes with two small pieces of pita. 

Other than that, a yummy place with plenty of seating, good for a quick and casual meal. 

Can park across Colorado on any of the small side streets, but don't jaywalk!
The atmosphere was nice.... the location is great... the parking sucks (pay lot or metered parking).

The hookah is bland, the service was mediocre... Originally, I was going to give this place 3 stars, but things just got worse and worse.

2 hookahs and a water = $50!!!!! NO REFILLS 

For something so 'meh' that was irritating... what bothered me the most is THEY INCLUDE GRATUITY TO YOUR BILL EVEN IF YOU'RE IN A SMALL GROUP OF 3 PEOPLE AND THEY DON'T TELL YOU THAT. I think that's just God awful because you shouldn't have to tip people for terrible service.

I don't appreciate shady people or shady business practices. 

NEVER again.
Tried the #9 and #22. Both pretty good.
Love, Love, Love JG. 

When I was in college this was the best place to go on a budget. Starving student prices with top shelf quality. I'm now on the west coast and still haven't found any falafal or chicken shawarma to compete. When I go back to Ann Arbor this is on my must stop list, right next to Zingermans.

Was just back in July and pleasantly surprised to see they have expanded from the grab and go counter I remembered. Now they have small but cozy indoor seating area, and nice exterior patio area with umbrellas to fend away the sun on those hot Michigan summers.

The Falalfal is hands down amazing. Nice and crispy outside but still soft and tender inside. Yum. No over dried cold falafal here. 

The Chicken Shawarma is all white meat chicken, fresh lettuce, tomato, & onion with tahini. I always spruce it up by adding hummus too.
Ok, I'm not going to give it 4 stars, but hey this was a great Falafel with hummus...and for like 6 dollars you can't beat it....I'm going back.
I've heard it posited before that the quality of your classic take-outs like pizza and Chinese tend to fall across a normal distribution. This means that the majority of time when you order them, they will taste good and be exactly what you expect with few outliers in either direction. I would add the Mediterranean mainstays to that classification, such as your falafel, hummus, fatoush and the like. My experience at Amir's would confirm this. Good falafel pita, with a plus for spiciness and a minus for too many tomatoes. Above-par lentil soup, though it's not much to look at. Inexpensive, but I've had inexpensive...er. We're sitting right atop of the curve here: getting the job done sans fanfare.
Best place, fresh, fast and always friendly!
Oh no...when this place first opened it was a godsend.  I ate there every day.  I got all my roommates/housemates and friends to eat there.

Recently, however, I got a wrap with my friend and both myself and my friend got food poisoning (he got meat, I got paneer).  

Since then I've felt the tug to eat there several times, but the memories of running to the toilet every three minutes for two days rush back before I get in the car.  It's about the least appetizing thing you can imagine.  It will be a long time before I eat there again.  I just want them to know this happened, so that they know the quality of the food they buy and cleanliness of the preparation is extremely important.  Hopefully this was just a one-time accident, otherwise they'll (sadly) be losing more customers in the future.

RIP Krazi Kebob...the love affair was good while it lasted...I feel bad giving it 1 star, but I think the sample phrase "Eek! Methinks not." describes how I feel about the place now best.  It's like I've been cheated on and now we're broken up - once you break up with someone, it takes a lot to go back to them...maybe one day...but for now...I'm moving on.
This place is so bomb. There's only so much I can say about it. The Wowshi is probably one of the best things on the menu (I've heard the felafel is pretty good too). You also can't go wrong with the fried cauliflower. The prices here are great too!
I go to UCLA and I had never been here until a few weeks ago. It just so happened that my friend and I were pretty hungry after Bruin Bash, and this was one of the few places open for a quick munch at 11pm ish. 

Even at 11pm, there was a line going out the door. My friend and I shared the Filet Mignon pita (which was like $11, possibly not worth that much). You get to put in your own veggies from the mini bar and add whatever sauce you'd like! Since it was a mushroom/steak pita, we added some lettuce and tomatoes, and I think we used the white sauce. Not exactly sure what it tasted like, but it was really good. I would def recommend that one haha

One pita is probably not enough for 2 people, but since we weren't too famished, it was alright for us. I think the pricing for the other pitas weren't too bad; we had just decided to splurge on the filet mignon haha Don't do it.

There's only one guy working on Sunday at 11pm, so you'll have to wait a little bit. There are like 3 chairs inside, so we got our food and ate it at my apartment. Nevertheless, I was pleasantly surprised with this find. No wonder it has a line at freaking 11pm.
The Middle East has quickly become another one of my favorite venues in Boston to catch a band or two, or even a drag show! 

I have only been in the downstairs area, which is small and intimate- it's easy to see the band from pretty much anywhere unless you are super short. I like the fact that there are 2 bars, providing easy access to a decent selection of beer. Only complaint is that during the last show I was there for it was an "all ages event" and the main bar was closed, and if you wanted to drink you had to huddle in the area up the stairs and around the smaller bar. Oh well...

I think the acoustics are great and the overall vibe of the place is awesome- like I said, intimate. I also like the fact that there is easy access to the bathrooms. Every time I've been there it hasn't been super crowded, providing a comfortable and enjoyable environment for listening and rockin' out to some cool music. 

I plan on coming back again and again and again and again and...
Best Mediterranean food in town! I ordered chicken shawarma and it was delicious! It's fast and cheap with great portion! My sister ordered the lamb kebob which is a little on the dry side but the other contents of the meal makes up for it! The garlic sauce is a great component to the meal which comes with rice, hummus, greek salad and pita!
What!?!  I've not reviewed this place yet!
Well, it's really simple.
Delicious food.  Very fast.  Decent prices.
The lamb kebab is great.  I always get a side of lentils.  And the garlic paste is Amazing!  I always get extra.  
If there is a long line, don't fret friend, it will go by pretty quickly.
Check their hours and days they are open before going.  
And Enjoy!
Been coming here on and off for about six years now (since I was an undergrad at the UW) and the food and service have always been good, friendly, and prompt. Once you've had good Middle Eastern food here, you'll stick with Cedars.  This is right up there with a couple awesome places on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, CA.

The only thing I take issue with is that the gyro sandwich is a little bland (add more spices, please). Solve this problem by getting the shwarma (sp?) or Lamb Kebab sandwiches, both of which are more flavorful. Definitely a more desirable place than the good (and sometimes quite crowded) Aladdin down the Ave.
I use to come here often when I lived in this city. Now, not so much. I came here tonight for dinner. I got a falafel wrap, lentils, and a pint of hummus & tabbouleh for the weekend festivities. 

As always my wrap was great. It dripped all over the table and my hands as inhaled it. Its way too much for one and this wrap is not 'eat it later' type food. I didn't have to go far to find a homeless person. She's probably wondering where the meat is and will suffer from gas. That damn hummus gives me gas. Call me vladimir putin cause my booty just be a tootin. Yes, I'm human. 

The food is fresh, street parking on Colorado or Union, restroom is down a hall through a maze of other business', and the service is fantastico. 

I wish this restaurant was closer to my job. I'm growing tired of Asian dishes. I guess I could always start bringing my lunch to work. Nah...
Went there for a late night snack a few nights ago with my boyfriend. It's a total hole-in-the-wall.  Minimal seats.  We didn't even get plates. LOL.  But that's not what you go there for......

It's a place for your late night munchies. And for that, it was faaaantastic.  We had the wowshi sandwiches, which are these freshly baked pita breads stuffed with your choice of beef, chicken, beans, falafel, etc.  I had the chicken wowshi and my bf had the black bean wowshi.   

The really nice part was that you get to stuff your sandwich yourself!  Any which way you like.  There was like 7 or 8 different dressings (I suggest the herbal sauce and the lemon sauce).  We stuffed our sandwiches with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cabbage, pico-de-gallo,...

Yum.  I thought it was terrific.  We made a big mess.....but it was because we stuffed our sandwiches so much.  LOL.  

If you're expecting a nice sit-down place, this is not the place.  But if you have a late-night craving, and you don't mind grubbing on a tasty messy sandwich.......I would highly recommend it!!
Meat is cooked well, and the pita overall is very tasty. I don't like the design of the pita though since all the meat is on bottom and the vegetables and sauce are on top lol.

It's a little pricey. The pitas are pretty small for the price.

Drinks here are overpriced, a can is $1.75. The fries are also just average frozen french fries I think. But yeah, obviously you don't come into a pita shop for soda and fries.
Very good food. Nice atmosphere.
When I lived in Boston a few years ago, Brookline Lunch was my go to spot for Saturday brunch- good food, inexpensive prices, cozy atmosphere, friendly service.....so when I planned my visit to Boston after 2 years, Brookline Lunch was at the top of my list to visit- 

My boyfriend (it was his first time here) and I arrived and were seated immediately - I was happy to see that the menu had remained the same and the same family was still running the place.  

However, as much as I loved this place back in the day, I must say that this time I was very disappointed with the food.  Perhaps the quality has gone downhill over the years....or maybe I just didn't realize it so much before.  I ordered the vegetable omelet - it was served with the eggs on the bottom, then the veggies and finally topped with American cheese (of all the cheeses to choose from- why???).  I also found the choice of veggies odd- carrots and eggs....hrmmm....My boyfriend ordered the french toast which was made with white bread- with cinnamon on top - instead of mixed in with the batter.  He found the dish rather tasteless and bland.  

Unfortunately, I spent the rest of our meal convincing my boyfriend - 'no really, it used to be good back in the day, I swear!'.  Service, however, was good, and the decor just how I remembered.
My first time here.  Service is fast and friendly. The beef kebab is amazing.
I wish I read the reviews on this place before even considering it. I was looking for a place on New Years day for a late breakfast. I wanted to go to the Breakfast Club but the line was out the door. We decided to go to Cambridge cause I remembered I wanted to try Sunny's or there would be more options. So we see that Sunny's was closed and across the street we see a banner that reads "breakfast all day". We knew that was it after a couple hungry strikes

We enter a tiny little run down shop and there is no one around. Then a woman comes out with no smile and I asked for breakfast and she goes ok, sit wherever you want. The whole vibe was shady but we were starving and thought ok lets just do this. 

I decided to with the eggs, homefries, and toast. My bf gets the spinach and feta omlette. 

We were waiting to hear the breakfast being made, and its silent for like 10 minutes, then we notice she is back and an egg cracks. Okkkay. We sit sipping bad coffee and dusty hookahs sit in front of us. 

The food finally comes out. It was so thoughtlessly prepared, but I wasn't surprised. My "scrambled" eggs came out more like a crepe, flat and crispy.  Toast obviously burnt and homefries came with 5 potato pieces tasting like fish. Bf's omlette was tiny and just blah. Bacon was undercooked and we sent it back.

When we went to pay at the register (prices were only a couple bucks and it was useless to complain since we would never return) we noticed the back was filthy. Just don't bother!
I first went to this place when it was a greasy storefront on Indian Hill in the early 90's. We all thought we'd found the coolest off campus spot. Then Saca moved to downtown and his business boomed. Why? Because his falafel is tasty and not greasy at all and the sandwiches have different veggies and flavors. Moreover, he's always there and he's nice as can be. This is one of the businesses that makes Claremont the coolest town in the IE.
Wow, pretty dang good if you ask me! The place is pretty small but they have very good meat.  A friend of mine suggested we meet there for lunch one day and oh man, was it good.  I would suggest you try this place, very flavorful.  Their Tzatziki sauce is very good too.
I really like this place.  I highly recommend the kufta combo plate with hummus and greek salad. The baklava is also very good- flaky and perfect and not too sweet. With the Turkish coffee: delish. I always eat until I am full but always feel light afterward.The prices are very fair as you get 1/2 a dozen falafel for under 3 dollars. There is often a line and the few tables there are often fill fast, so get your food to go and eat in the grass on campus.
Solid place. Three of us went to this cute little place for early (9:30) brunch. I want to tell you the time b/c on a saturday in 30 degree weather (feels like 15) I would be not happy if I had to wait especially if it were outside, but we didn't thus the good rating. So we get there, we get seated instantly, we order after flagging down our waitress - which is why the 4* - and the food comes out properly and good. 

This place, I said, is little and cute - MAYBE 10 seats, like 6 booths and 3 two people tables?

This place has inexpensive food - my spinach florentine was $6.00, tea was $1.50 with free hot water refills. I spent $9.00 total.

The place had a good variety of food - well to me it did I usually have to ask for not Canadian bacon on my benis they had like 6 varieties including real salmon, not lox or anything like that. But the only other item I usually order at a breakfast place is french toast which is why I have to come back here to try it. If the french toast holds up. I have found my brunch spot. 

It is like 3 blocks away from central T stop on drum roll please....BROOKLINE street. but in cambridge =)

And lastly, Cash only. Which is ANNOYING but not unusual in Boston.
*****************  UPDATE************************
I've returned to Pita Pita and as always, a fabulous place with fabulous food!
***************************************************

Pita Pita is one of my favorite restaurants in Pasadena.  But I saw on NBC4 news that they purchase contaminated vegetables from 7th Street Wholesale Produce Market...OH THE DISAPPOINTMENT!!! 

Click to see story:
http://video.nbc4.tv/player.html?dlid=59849

When asked to comment, the restaurant said they would stop purchasing from that market.  I'll wait a few months to go back.  I am going to be fair and base my review on how I felt about the restaurant BEFORE I saw this news story.  Their hummus is great and their veggie wraps...ehem!.. are delicious (I swear, I never got sick).
I was introduced to this place by a friend and we went during the week - I thought everything was pretty good. A very middle of the road low key place to go have some munchies and a good drink after work. Service was fine, drinks were stiff (just the way I like them), food was decent, and ambiance was relaxing. Maybe it is completely different on the weekends? We are having a party there on Saturday so I may have to post an addendum to this review lol
This is a review for the takeout/delivery service, so I can't speak for the dining in experience! Always on the lookout for quality vegetarian food, I thought I'd order up some Hummus (with falafel, tomato cucumber salad and greek salad) for two. My dining partner is a fan of onions so I'll let her write a review about how good they were. I wouldn't eat an onion if Nick Cave himself was standing before me in a loincloth holding one out to me and singing "Do You Love Me?", but I digress... at least there weren't any surprise anchovies up in that salad. 

Let's talk about how important a fresh pita is to a picky palate: Very. We chose the whole wheat one and it was fresh and warm and smelled like... well, fresh baked bread. The tomato cucumber salad, hummus, falafel and rice (you could have fries if you wanted but that would have been a distracting experience) were neatly assembled so we could pack our pitas and dang did we create some amazing sandwiches out of that. Everything was so fresh and flavorful... I could have stood a little more garlic in the hummus, but other reviews have said the hummus was too garlicky so maybe I need help. 

As one reviewer said, the feta was perfect. We didn't even need the dressing on the salad. Good assortment of peppers and greens (HOLY ARUGULA BATMAN!)

I wish we could give half stars on Yelp because I would give 4 1/2. Delivery seemed to take a very long time and I would have liked a larger salad for the price we paid especially since we were splitting it all, but I will certainly be ordering again.
Pros: 

The Chicken, Hummus, and Pita are all very delicious. Also, the plates are very filling for not that expensive.

Cons: 

Like others have mentioned, this restaurant doesn't really seem to know what it is. It isn't a Greek place, but it really wouldn't fit in any other category. Go for hummus and pita dishes-- for anything else find somewhere better.
This place is my Gyro Hero.

I will seriously power down every single bite of these delicious gyros with extra tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. OMG...I need to leave work now and go get one!
falafel late night? ooooh hurt me. Its hard to fuck up falafel.
Gaaacccccck.

Was in Pasadena.  Stopped by.  Walked in, walked out.  I'll stick with Sassoon Chicken in Orange, thank you very much.  

Zankou - you are not worthy of any more words from me.
Why I like it:
-Open late
-Five minute walk from my house
-Service is friendly enough
-They have some placards in Arabic that remind me of home

Why I don't like it:
-Maybe my expectations of falafel / shawarma is a bit high, y'know, me being Lebanese and all, but the food here isn't that great for what it's supposed to be. I just feel that since the people who make these wraps are Egyptians, they should know better. All my friends love it, but it just doesn't taste like home to me.
-They have some placards in Arabic that remind me of home.
great mediterranean food.  the only thing bad that I have to say about it is that it is cash only.  apart from that, I've never had or even heard a complaint.  The service is good, the food even better.  It is relatively cheap as well.  The chicken and lamb dishes are both excellent.
Turkish? No, not Jason Statham's character from the film Snatch. Turkish: flavorful, unique, tasty, filling, yummy, interesting texture, hummus instead of side salad on the entree, eggplant, lamb, spices, and it does not cost an arm and a leg.

This is a really fun dinner spot, entirely open ended and possible to take friends, family, co-workers, and others here. It also doubles as a great date spot if you happen to find someone who has never had Turkish before and is curious to try something new. No fears to you if you have never had Turkish before, you can look around at what other people have ordered and if you like it, ask them. People are very friendly here especially out on the patio which is the only place I will eat - as many times here I have still never been inside. So don't worry about trying something new, you will not stand out like Jabba Hutt in this year's season of Dancing with the Stars.

The menu is large. From the pide, which Farrah A. recommends below, to the hummus which [---- this guy recommends and to the kebabs, which [----- this guy also recommends, you really cannot make a bad selection here. The hummus puts nearly all hummus in the city to shame. The eggplant is more perfectly done here than it was ever done at Josephine's (oh snap, Turks doing food better than the Italians!) or I have ever found it to be done at Buca di Beppo to this day, even though it is prepared differently, as someone who cooks eggplant, I know that is a fickle little monster and you need to pay attention to its subtle nuances, not just throw things in the oven haphazardly and get back to watching re-runs of Jersey Shore.

If you get lucky enough to get a parking spot in front of the restaurant - you are going to be double parked. But it's okay - the double parkers acknowledge their misdeed to someone in the chain of command in the restaurant and when you are ready to leave just tell your waitress about the situation and eventually some guy will come out half-meal in with his napkin, looking angry as all get out, and he will move his car so you can get on with the rest of your life. 

The waitresses are meh at best. But with everything else going right who really cares. The food is good. Eating outside is good. Food quality is good. And it is relatively cheap, it will not break the bank.
Today was my first time eating here, and I liked it a lot. I'm a big fan of BIG portions, and that's what I got here. I ordered the Kibby which was bigger than what I've had back in Riyadh, and was a squared slab of meat. I'm glad I didn't get the one with the Labnieh on top of the Kibby, cause the Labnieh here was just ok. For the side I had the fries which were hot and fresh. The Kibby was served with some spicy sauce which was not spicy at all, but still tasty and kinda minty. The appearance of the place is at odds with the name and the menu, seems like. From the paintings on the wall to the music being played, you can't say it's an Arab/Mideast restaurant. But the fusion makes for an interesting dining experience. The prices are very reasonable and as I said earlier, the portions are pretty big. I'd like to go back for Kababs, cause the lady serving there recommended them. She was pretty cute BTW :)
Pros:  Kismet has one of the best Gyros in town. Definitely Top-3.  Tasty fries as well.

Cons: Hard to park anywhere nearby

Curious to see the "Italian Longhorn" right next door also serving Gyros and whatnot. If you want Gyros - I suggest visiting Kismet. Much tastier Gyros than their neighbor.
simple and delicious :)
you get your plain choice. Then, you have the side bar to add your favorite vegetables and dressing  :)

the only two bad things about this restaurant is that it increases the price regularly. My first time in this restaurant the average prices was 4.5 and now it is 6.5 
The other thing is the seating area. It is very small and sometimes there is no space to eat 
but it is still a very good choice and it worth the money you pay ;)
Good Philly pizza slices, great hoagies (especially the pan roasted Turkey with lettuce, tomato, and provolone), and a newly revamped interior make Ed's a place definitely worth visiting. I have been coming to Ed's for well over 5 years and as long as I live in the area they will be my go to place for salads and hoagies. Salads are made with crisp romaine lettuce, plump cherry tomatoes, crunchy herb roasted croutons, and whatever else you wish to add. Prices are very reasonable and the wait time is minimal (unless there are events going on at nearby Drexel University).

Keep up the great work Samir, your dedication to serving a great product shows and it is truly appreciated!
This is one of my favorite places for a quick lunch. The falafel sandwiches are always great. I recommend adding hummus or baba ghanoush or both like I do!
I LOVE this place. They have some great vegetarian options, and my favorite is the falafel. You can get a great deal there too, a wrap side and a drink for around $6. 

The falafel is good and crispy and the tzaziki is great, the fries are delicious as well. The staff is always friendly when I call or go in. I'd recommend the wraps, and the garden veggie is on my list of wraps to try.
I think I might be getting old. Seriously. I remember about a decade ago when the thought of living in Central was something to aspire to. This might have been the art school-ness that I was immersed in at the time, but Central was this amazing neighbor hood that was edgy and artsy and awesome. I went to The Middle East restaurant on Friday and I felt like I was a crotchety old man yelling at kids to get off my lawn. Now I have been to The Middle East a few times to eat and I have been to "Downstairs" a couple of times too so this review (in my opinion) is rather informed. This review is for the restaurant. 

Like I said I have been here a few times and have never had a bad experience. That stated, I have never had a knock your socks off good time here either. This past Friday I was meeting my best friend and her boyfriend here for dinner and the we were going to walk up to the MIT museum. We made plans to meet here at 6pm, and me being on time and the other two running late I hung outside for a little bit before getting word that they were no more than 5 minutes away. I then decided to head in and get a table so that we could speed the process along. When I walked in literally all the tables, not the booths, but all the tables were empty. It was very confusing as to whether I was to seat myself or wait to be seated, so I stumbled about the door for about three minutes and then asked one of the women that were clearing off the booth near the door if I could sit any where or if I should wait. When she said that I could take any of the smaller tables I quickly told her that I had friends that were minutes away. She then informed me "Oh we don't reserve tables; it is starting to get busy." and then walked away. WTH?! What kind of answer is that? Do you want me to clog the door for another 4 minutes or can I sit in one of your 9 (I counted) empty tables or 2 empty booths and order stuff while I wait for the rest of my party to arrive? It was the end of a long week so I just plopped myself in the booth nearest the door, passive aggressively thinking that she said "they don't reserve tables, she said nothing of booths" and waited for my peoples to appear. 

Right on cue someone showed up that I thought was going to take my drink, but no, they were coming to wipe down the already wiped down booth that I was sitting at. Kind of baffled by this I asked if I could put in a drink order; this completely flustered the poor guy who was doing the wiping and after about 3 seconds of staring at me like I was headlights and he was a deer he said "uhh, sure". I put in my rather simple drink order (french martini, they have it listed on their cocktail menu) and then turned to look for my friends out the window. Not two minutes later my bff is sitting in the booth across from me and then we get another person coming over to take our drink orders. I explained that I had already placed my order and was received with "yeah? okay what was it?". So we both place our drinks and then the menu while we waited for her bf to show up. This small episode was to be the precursor for the whole meal experience. Not rude or bad, just confusing and repetitive.

The food is good and that is mainly why they get the three stars. The atmosphere is definitely chill and it is pretty clean. It is a great place to people watch if you are sitting near a window and the clientele is quite diverse too. Though I have never been there for it, I do enjoy that they support the belly dancing arts. This is not the type of place that I am always dieing to go to, but if it is suggested I would never turn it down.
Delicious large portions of food! Humas is the best I have ever tasted! Chicken tarna plate all the way...shreded chicken, lettuce, tomato, humas, another spread, 2 pitas, pickled radishes.
Soul-le-lu-jah. It's a damn fine way to spend Saturday nights and they consistently have DJ's that know what's up. 

A huge issue is that the party doesn't start until 11 and we all know how the T operates. And since I will be drinking heavily to cope with the extreme claustrophobia that is no doubt induced by the whole at-capacity thing that ZuZu! is constantly dealing with, I definitely am relying on public transport. 

Alas, worth the trip out if I can win a couch to crash on. ALSO, this bar is often filled with attractive people. So put that in the 'pro' column.
This is the best restaurant on Thayer Street.  Everything on the menu is delicious and fresh.  I have never had a bad experience and I go all the time.  Staff is friendly and service is fast.
I love Mediterranean Cafe for 3 things:
1. Fast Service
2. GREAT FOOD & Prices
3. Hummus & pita

I ordered:

Chicken Kebab - it came with rice, salad , pita and hummus and side of hot sauce, and garlic spread. The chicken kebab was decorated in spice and came as 2 skewers. Compared to the Lamb and Beef kebab, the chicken was a bit dry. However, the pita and hummus made up for my meal! I loved loved loved the hummus and pita. I wiped that sucker clean and made sure there were no scraps left. 

This place gets really busy , not much room for big groups, max maybe 6 or 7 at a table. nice outdoor seating and parking is free first 2 hrs.
I've never been here for dinner, but my two experiences going to DJ Ghostdad's dance night on sundays have been great. When I asked for a mixed drink, the bartender made me a Moscow Mule, a drink I had never tried. Since then, I've been drinking these things non-stop. Kudo's to the bartender lady!
for a while i was addicted to this place and would walk for 30mins just to get my shawarma fix!

the meat were fresh and plentiful, the people were friendly and the garlic sauce was exceptional!
The guys that run this place are great! That's just a plus coz i'd come here even if it was ran by sadistic trolls.  Everything on their menu is excellent.  My boyfriend is from RI and this is his favorite place on thayer street. Probably the only place he goes to on Thayer Street.  Just thinking about the falafel and lamb combo is making my mouth water.  They arrange it just right with the right amount of everything. cous cous, tzatziki, hummus and then they grill it just a bit to make all the flavors mesh a little more.   Perfection!
Was one of my favorite places to go during college...was really cheap and pretty good.
a whole new world.... a new fantastic point of view!!!

*ahem* sorry. i was channelling Disney's Aladdin for a moment. 

during college... when i was broke and depressed from being broke- my wiser and much happier roommate suggested i grab a gyro with her on the Ave. huh? what? i didn't know what the hell a falafel or gyro was... i grew up on Korean/Japanese food or McDonald's. i was in for the best discovery of my life! 

i explored the menu and asked my then roommate what i should try. she suggested i get a chicken gyro (since i don't eat lamb) and get some fries on the side. she ordered a falafel in a kronos flat bread for herself. the service is great! the staff are hilarious and really sweet. this is how i was introduced to a whole new world of middle eastern cuisine! i eat this stuff like it's going out of style, now. 

since then, i had been eating from there every weeknight. i would ask my beau at the time, friends or roommates to bring me a gyro whenever they would be on the Ave. going back now... years after college, this place is still the same. delicious. everything on their menu is top notch. i miss you, Aladdin!!!
This is not the place to come for the friendliest or fastest service in Cambridge. It is also not the place to go if you are obsessive about the cleanliness or orderliness of the dining room.

For a place to sit and relax, an escape from the bustle of Harvard Square, however, this place is perfect. The coffee and coffee drinks are excellent. The food is delicious and a great value.

I especially recommend the Merguea - a stack of lamb sausage with hummus that is close to perfection.
This place is god-awful. I don't even have the time or energy to go through all the things that are wrong. I will just say that the service is the worst aspect of this place--and that's saying a lot, because I'm not sure there is anything redeemable whatsoever. 

They are liars and try to charge you for everything, even things you have already paid for. When you try to speak to management, they are even worse. Just save yourself the pain and anger and steer clear of this place.
Really good food, very cheap, and open at nearly any hour you can think of.  Only gripe is that they are cash only, which is sort of annoying.  Service is fine but not anything to rave about.
I cannot live without this restaurant. It has been my staple for many years and i recommend that any person who likes food go here. The food is insane, the staff are very friendly and the prices are very reasonable considering its $7.50 for a meal that can satisfy even the hungriest of teenage boys. I would give this place 100 stars if I could.
Wow. The staff was friendly and offered to explain anything on the menu (I'm sure we looked like newbies). The food was fresh and delicious (I had a tofu wrap with some kind of spicy chili sauce and a side of hummus and pita). The atmosphere was perfect. By perfect I mean -- cozy, comfortable chairs, board games galore to play while you eat -- basically I was 10 years old again, at my Grandma Ouida's house, not stressing about any life to-dos, and kicking butt at battleship.

I would give Tom's a five star if I had tried more of the menu. Pita and hummus is so hard to mess up, that it will take a few trips before I hand out the 5 star (but I have a hunch I won't need much more convincing).
Great lunch spot, delicious food. But it can be a bit expensive; I had a chicken shawarma plate for $11, without a drink. The rollups are a bit more affordable. The plate comes with rice, salad and plenty of chicken.

Head there at noon on Thursday to shop at the farmers market, listen to live music while eating outdoors (plenty of chairs and tables available). Maybe get some ice cream at Christina's cart on the way back ;)
i first saw falafel's on the food network with guy fieri on diners, drive-ins and dives and thought it looked so good... i just had to try it. when i found out that westwood has a couple of places that serve them, i couldnt decide where i wanted to have my first falafel experience. luckily i have a friend who knows this Mediterranean place on sepulveda that made a mean fallafel. too bad i cant say the same for this place. the falafel patties were a bit dry and flavorless and the guy behind the register barely spoke english, so i found myself asking him the same question over and over again when finally i said, "just give me a falafel."

i do like that they have a condiments bar where youre free to put on your own toppings. the spicy sauce was really spicy which i loved. another plus was that they offer a "bruin special" to cater to us po' college students, but that doesnt make up for the dry falafels.
I have never eaten at Zuzu before - my visits there have been exclusive to different live music events and DJ events that friends have put on (because I've just never had the courage to bump in on something I hadn't researched ahead of time - call me lame if you want...) but every time I've shown up here has been a blast.  The room has a kind of easy gravity and wide open space to it that makes it easy to claim by whatever group is taking over for the night's goings-on.  It might just be nights I've picked to head over there, but it always seems like there's a bit extra warmth in this room.   Congrats either to the room for spraying some sort of airborne social happy drug through the vents or for the people given nights and residencies at the room for herding up a bunch of people that are genuinely glad to be lounging around together.  

A cool selection of fairly stiff cocktails can make for an interesting night at the bar (though not a cheap one, by any means).  I just had a tasty Dark 'n' Stormy last night that was one of the spiciest drinks I've ever had.  Great, but I don't know how I would have handled any more of them without some serious antacid or something.  The staff is super laid back  - like, shorts, t-shirts, shoes with no socks, reading books while watching the door, telling you which of the cocktails they'd have to admit to you are disgusting.  Beer is pretty standard mid-scale bar choices - Sam, Harpoon IPA, UFO, etc  Are you really going to judge a place like this by its beer selection, though?  Has it really come to that?  Yes,  you will be able to feel smugly sophisticated while drinking beer at this bar and casually remarking, now and then, "This stuff is pretty decent but it's no Dogfish 90-minute..."  Your parents would be proud that you've made it this far in life already.

DJ sound is fine in the room - warm, not too loud.  ZuZu has certainly had its share of too-loud bands playing, but they seem to have ratcheted it down a bit and have found a pretty great feel for the natural volume of that big glass-windowed front wall.
I've been hanging out in Harvard Square for 20 years, and have seen a lot of great coffee shops come and go, so the fact that I only recently discovered one of the best remaining cafes in the city is... shameful. Considering how many years I drank away at Casablanca's downstairs, I feel like a complete retard for missing the perfect study cafe above. 

SERVERS: Just the way I like 'em: Quick to take orders, competent, and not too chatty. Service can be slow, but it's a poky cafe, so it's nice that they're not pissy if you have to track them down because they're a little laissez-faire. I did have one super-friendly waitress who was a little off-putting (I haven't come to expect smiles at Algiers), but she brought my sammich fast and didn't stab and SWF me so it turned out okay. 

FOOD: By which I mean coffee. REALLY good coffee. I drink whatever swill they give me so I can hole up for a few hours of studying, and I'm always pleasantly surprised when I take the first sip of Algiers. The strawberry smoothie thing and the falafel wrap are also tasty. 

ATMOSPHERE: A little cramped, but that adds to the European feel I love so much. No annoying music, which is welcome after the 1369 Gwar Experience. Occasionally annoying Harvard kids talking at the top of their lungs like they're interviewing for another consulting job, but they seem to do that in most of the cafes around town, so no points off for Algiers.

Obviously, this is a great, classic old-school HS coffee shop that everyone knows and loves, and I'm just late to the party. But that's okay, because I'm staying and inviting my friends.
The prices here are great plus the food is tasty. I generally get the falafel and hummus platter. the pita can be a tad bit greasy (not always) but i still love it. Super dooper yummy. Fabulous Sunday hangover cure.
Undoubtedly the best place in Boston to see your favorite band before they're too big to play at places like the Middle East.  Introduce yourself while they're selling CDs during the opening acts, buy them a beer, and appreciate it when you hear them on the radio.
BEST Falafel wrap I've ever had in my life. I frequent here about a few times a month and, honestly, I've yet to change my order because of how ridiculously good it is. I get the falafel wrap with EVERYTHING and a piece of baklava. It is out of this world ridiculous. The wrap is pretty filling I will say, but you could always share it with a friend or save it for yourself the next day if you can manage to stop yourself from eating it, which I can't yet. It completely takes over my life. The baklava is the perfect ending to it-nice and sweet and it tastes light. I just can't get enough. I just wish I lived closer...
Came here after reading the glowing reviews on yelp and it was pretty tasty.  I wouldn't say it's the best place in providence, but I enjoyed it.  Would I go out of my way to come back? No.  If I were on Thayer Street would I come back? Mayyyybe.  If I were in the mood for a kebab and if I had already tried most of the places on the street.  It was good for what it was, but definitely not that memorable.
This place is THE best.  If I had a vote for a local delicious hole in the wall in Ann Arbor to be on the Food Network...  I think my vote would go here.  So unique and cool.  Very authentic delicious middle eastern food!
This is one of my most favorite places to grab a bite in Ann Arbor!! PKG is super fast and always friendly. The small shop has a few tables for seating, its also very easy to carry out the food. 
The lentil soup is TOP NOTCH!! its totally the best in AA!! its thicker and has great flavor, its not runny or a weirdo color.
Grape leaves ( veggie) - super fresh and come out hot - i get the appetizer order which comes with 8 lil nugget size grape leaves. 
the pita is plentiful here!! they always give me wayyy to much
my fav sandwich is the chicken ceaser - its not creamy ceaser which i love, the chicken is pretty good, its always a good proportion of everything in the toasty grilled wrap!
cheap and reasonable!! always spend bout 10 dollars or less
Moby Dick's on Thursday, mmmhmmmhmmm!

Each day they serve a different kind of rice. Thursday is the only day I will eat there because they have rice "sautéed barberry (currents), shredded tangerine peel, sugar ans saffaran served on steamed basmati rice."

Top that off with lamb and extra seasoning, you got yourself somewhat a slice of tranquility between studying for exams and doing that problem set.  

Plus they give free smiles!

The only thing I have an issue with is their salad. The dressing makes my lips pucker up. Also, the pita bread is a bit dry and bland.
This is the place to get all your hummus cravings satisfied and more. Hummus (yes the name of this place) is a fast food type of Mediterranean/Greek place. Order at the cash register, wait for your tray of food, and seat yourself at one of the metal tables and chairs.

I came here with some friends wanting something light and healthy. Perhaps, I ordered the wrong thing... I ordered the hummus salad, which was slightly disappointing. I watch them prepare my order. I noticed that guy simply grabbed a box of pre-prepared salad, opened the box, and piled a load of hummus along with chickpeas and sliced avocado (thanks for the reminder from Yaron, the owner) on top. Then, he closed the box and called out my name. "Cassy! Hummus salad!"

So, if you really LOVE hummus, this is the place to go... I don't recommend the salad, b/c it wasn't too special. I'd recommend getting a falafel or shawarma rather than the salad.
After reading the reivews here, I had such huge expectations of Pita Pita. But i was left disappointed after dining there one evening.

I am a vegetarian, so I can comment only about their veggie menu. My wife and I ordered falafel, vegetable tray, pita roll.
The falafel was just ok, nothing compared to the delicious falafel in Father's nature. The pita chips that came with the vegetable tray had no taste, we didnt eat it at all. Even the hummus didnt taste any good. The baba ganoush was nothing to write home about, neither was the pita roll. In fact, all the food was just average and nothing to savour. I'll take Father's nature over Pita Pita any day. 

So for vegetarians, you'll much better be served if you give this place a skip.
This place really disappointed - cant understand why some around town rep it so hard.
A great place for lunch!

Wraps run ~ $6-7, plates ~ $10, drinks ~2, and worth every dollar.  Plates are very generously portioned, and nicely presented.  Wraps are filling without leaving you overstuffed.

The owners, I'm guessing husband and wife?, seem like a good match together and for running the place.  Husband slightly more friendly than the wife, but in their defense, we went on a Thursday @ 1pm, so the place was definitely bustling.

You can watch everything being made in front of you - I recommend sitting at the "bar" - so you know the freshness of everything on your plate.

Inside is clean and simple, welcoming; there are also a couple of tables on the sidewalk outside.

They also have a decent market with a myriad of sauces, dried lemons, lavash bread, canned veggies, tahini, and containers of tasty-looking desserts.

Seemed to be about 40/60 - regulars to newcomers, which I find to be a good sign that you're in a good place.  They have a huge samovar with some good-looking tea (is it still a samovar if it's tea?).

It took about 25" to get all of our food (3 ppl) - 2 plates and 1 wrap - but again, it's all made fresh, and I'd much rather wait a few more minutes for that.  All was very tasty: the house kabob, the chicken was extremely tender, the basmati rice was light, and the yogurt mint sauce was nice and refreshing.  I have to say, though, that Mama's (North Park) has better wraps than here.  However, this is still a find for a weekday lunch break from work.

Will definitely be back again!
The food is great and the lounge is an incredible experience for anyone who's never been to a hookah lounge before. It's a little tight but there's plenty of room to be either sheltered amongst your own friends or conversing with other patrons.

They do make you order at least one hookah for every two people, which is definitely understandable considering the limited space and the number of groups who go with only half of the members smoking.

The staff is friendly and will cater to any of your needs if you ask.

All in all, it's definitely worth a visit. Any bar you'd go to, you'd end up spending two-three times as much at least for the amount of time you can be consuming their product... Where else can you spend an hour and a half at and only spend $8 per person?
This place has everything a good restaurant should have: fast service and great price (for the quality of food you get). 

I went with my brother today and we ordered the lamb kebab plate and beef kebab plate. The line wasn't that long since we arrived after lunch hour. I was rather impressed with the speed with which they furnished the meals. It took them no more than 30 seconds from taking my cash to deliver the two plates to me. Now, that's fast! 

The food was very filling. The meats were tender, juicy, and packed full of flavor. The hummus is probably the best I've had in a long time. It's creamy and not screaming sour like many other kinds of hummus served in Mediterranean restaurants. In fact, the hummus was so good I bought two side orders of hummus and 8 pita bread to go. 

We didn't get to try the falafel but we'll be sure to check it out next time. The only downside is that each plate came only with one pita bread. To finish the hummus served with each plate, two pita breads would have been more adequate.

I don't give out 5-star ratings easily, but this place really knocked my socks off. I can see myself coming here for years to come! Next time you're in Pasadena, check this place out!
Best lentil soup EVER! 

I agree with some of the other reviewers on here, their chicken can be on the dry side. Try the Makalee pita instead, it's super yummy and vegetarian. Roasted cauliflower wrap with lots of garlic mayo, french fries, pickles. Sounds nuts coming from a meat eater, but it's become my favorite thing on their menu.
A star for all the undergrad memories that I've made here. Even though i went to USC, Westwood was the closest place that had hookah places. A bit of a drive, but i had a bunch of high school friends at UCLA that i liked to visit and when we were all under 21 this is pretty much where we went. I can't count how many late nights I've gone here, many of them are my favorite memories from undergrad so it does have a special place in my heart. 

Another star specifically for the Fire, the waiter. He is the super nice and made sure to take care of his customers. When he saw me and my friends he always knew what we were gonna order (peach mint, the best combo ever!) Sadly, he only works their once a week now and I've graduated so i don't see him as often, but he was part of the Habibi experience. 

Even with those two pluses, I unfortunately can't give more than two stars to Habibi. Since coming here all the time i realize how expensive they and what poor quality tobacco they use. I've now have my own hookah and can save some of my hard earned money while enjoying better quality hookah that doesn't get harsh nearly as fast. Also as much as I love Fire, the other waiters just don't compare. There is one lady, who i will not name, but she is super forgetful and just plain not nice. Then you add that they are cash only....yea two stars might be being nice, but i can't given them less.
i haven't been here in about two years, but it was pretty good.  

Good atmosphere, at least when I was there.

Pricey, though.
one word yummy! even the baklava is yummy.

the only down side is parking is such a hassel.
I'm a little wary of the Middle East conglomerate... I catch shows there, and occasionally eat there, but I don't exactly seek it out.  Zuzu's is one of the three storefronts in this conglomerate, but I have a warm fuzzy feeling for it, mostly because the bartender there on Wednesday nights is awesome.
I always try to stop in on Wednesdays if I'm headed through to my bus, and she always gives me a tall bottle of Magners (probably because I ask for it) and a friendly smile.  She's gotten me dinner from the Middle East before when their kitchen was closed.  And she's a total sweetheart.  
So if you see the tall redhead, her name's Lisa, say hi.  Unless it's Wednesday and it's a guy... well, that tall redhead's probably me.
This place is one of my favorite places to eat by UT. I am usually never loyal to one particular spot... quick to try something new, however, I stayed loyal to this one, once I discovered it. 
The food is always really tasty! I love the hot sauce (smokey and full of flavor, if you can handle the heat). The gyro meat is always seasoned well and consistent too. 
The deal for the gyro sandwiches is perfect on a UT student's budget. I believe its like $5.55 for a wrap and side (get the fries, they have some seasoning on it that is awesome).
The dishes themselves are more authentic compared to other places I have tried.. but  if I am feeling greek, this is my spot, along with Phoenica bakery. The dishes are a little more pricey, but you get what you pay for... some tasty combinations of hummus, meat, or falafel, and a salad like fatoosh and rice, hard to beat the price, considering what you are getting.
The chicken shawarma is another one of my favorites... and the dishes are quite filling, enough to possibly split plates, unless you are hungry. 
I recommend this place over Arpeggio gril any day. I went to that place once and immediately regretted it. People like it for its portion sizes, but personally I like the real deal. The only downside to Kismet cafe is the longer wait, but it is totally worth it.
now this is what i call fast food....use to go here a lot as a student.....healthy and yummy......shawarma, hummus, radish, garlic paste and yellow chile.....
Wooohooo....this place ROCKS!
Its still packed at 2.00 pm on a Sunday afternoon. 
Parking is a little difficult but there are some street parking. 

The best roasted chicken and the garlic sauce is to die for. Make sure you have clean hands cos its definitely finger licking good. YUM!

Don't forget the pita with hummus , pickled radish and roasted tomatoes and the tabbouleh salad -- FANTASTIC!

Great price BUT most of all GREAT FOOD!
only one visit but you can tell you are eating something special.i had the combination
plate of one skewer of chicken and one skewer of ground beef kabob.it came with rice and a charcoal grilled tomatoes with a diced cucumber tomato salad.(Shirazi salad).
you can taste influence of the charcoal in the meats,i was very pleasantly surprised.seating inside is very limited,
its a tinny place with an outside food court seating with other cute restaurants.i would definitely be back to try their other menu items
Best falafel I've ever had outside of the Middle East. It is addictive and a must if you visit Providence.
The only great thing about this place is its reputation.  The food tasted pretty horrible.  And I had falafel, which is what they are known for!  Oh, and I was foodpoisoned.  The place is filthy.  I was enticed to look at their health department report tonight.  My goodness.  I would much rather make the trip down past the D, to the Pita Cafe.
Fast, reasonably priced. Great food. Parking is sometimes hard to find during lunch time. Their garlic sauce is awesome. If it was slightly cheaper I'd give it a 5. Yelp needs a half a star button. 4.5.
Judging the quality of this restaurant's food, it deserves two stars. I ordered a falafel plate, and a beef shawarma plate. THe falafel plate was better in taste as it had more flavor than the beef shawarma. Simply put, this place tries to be authentic middle eastern/Mediterranean food, but its falls way short. It was really obvious to me that the hummus they serve is not freshly prepared because it tastes like they use the premade hummus you can find at a middle eastern market. I'm middle eastern, and when I eat at middle eastern restaurants, I know the owner is not trying hard to serve authentic middle eastern food when you serve your customers canned hummus. The garlic sauce receives the same criticism because it tasted premade. It really shows the true colors of a middle eastern restaurant when they're hummus and garlic sauce are lacking in flavor and quality. The beef shawarma was under-salted and under-flavored. I expect more out of a restaurant purporting to serve my culture's food. On the plus side, the prices are fair, but maybe they are fair because the owner is saving money by using canned hummus and canned garlic sauce and not using any quality ingredients/spices in their foods.
Don't let it's location next to McDonalds and outer fast-food-ish appearance fool you; the food here is delicious.

If I'm ever in the mood for falafel, this is where I'll go. For about $8 you get falafel, rice/fries (the fries are pretty good, but as a platter I definitely choose the rice), a big mound of hummus, pita, and two side veggies. Definitely a good sized meal full of variety, and it all tastes great.

I've also had their shawarma, which was tasty but a little on the greasy side for my taste.

The cashiers are generally very nice, and while the staff will routinely botch your name when they call your order (even if it's a straightforward one), it's not tough to figure it out.

Often I get take-out since the seating is minimal and cramped, but if you are lucky enough to get a table it's fine.
Food is good. Atmosphere is great and laid back. Nice place to listen to live bands, wehn they have them.
This is the closest you will make it to Turkish food without the 21 hour flight!

Food: 9/10
Service: 8/10
Atmosphere: 6/10
Creativity: 7/10

If you haven't been to Istanbul, go!  Because you will love the food.  This restaurant is a tease of what Istanbul has to offer.

Istanbul Grill is pretty spot on to what I had when I went to Turkey last September.  The appetizers, mezes, is what you would expect in Turkey.  The kebabs and lamb are delicious.  All the hype about the bread.....true.

The staff was on top of their game when we went Saturday night.  Did not have to wait for a table of six.  We ordered and the mezes came out quickly.  The entrees also followed after we were done with the mezes.

The restaurant is a bit noisy because the tables are so close together.  

Overall I enjoyed my meal and it reminded me of my great time in Turkey!

Teekkür ederim Istanbul Grill
I haven't written a review on yelp in almost a year, but I signed on specifically to write this review.  And my review is:

Yuck.

Falafel shouldn't taste like donuts.
Perhaps its because I recently returned from the Middle East (where the Shawarma is absolutely delightful), but I must admit to being blindsided by how completely inadequate the Lamb Shawarma at Sunrise Deli was. 

Wrapped in a tepid lavash roll languished a minuscule amount of tough, overcooked lamb, several slices of barely grilled onions, and a few ounces of a yogurt sauce so completely foul that it would have required me to chain smoke a pack of pall-malls to completely get rid of the aftertaste. There was no spice whatsoever (despite my request), and frankly the pickled vegetables they claim to add to every sandwich were either in hiding, or non-existant. 

How much did this abomination cost me? 6.95. How was the service? Desultory at best. Was the food prepared quickly, despite my being the only customer in line? Hell no.

I'm usually willing to give places such as this a second chance, but I'm afraid that Sunrise Deli simply isn't deserving of my mercy (or any more of my money).
The good -

* agree that the chicken is pretty good, although salty and sometimes overspiced
* fast service

The bad -

* indifferent, arrogant people that work here (just for that very reason, I may not return and tell everyone else here on Yelp to not return either !)

* bad parking at this location
This review is for the two street-level bar sections of the middle east. the basement i don't mind, even though it smells like diarrhea, and the upstairs i have only been to once because there is almost never a reason to be there.

I used to come here all the time not too long ago, but i honestly cannot remember the last time i didn't leave here pissed off.

I am not a high-maintenance person. All i require to be perfectly happy with a bar is that they bring me beer in exchange for money in a reasonable amount of time. 

The beer list never changes, but that's okay since they carry sam smith oatmeal stout. the food is unremarkable but it's fine for the price.

It's the service. They hate customers here, honestly. Last night i was sitting at a booth for about 15 minutes before the waitress came over, and it wasn't busy. And she walked right by my table like 5 times and looked right at me while chatting with her co-worker/friend/manager whatever. When she finally brought our beers, she threw them on the table and ran off without asking us if we were all set, so we didnt have time to ask for glasses (dude, honestly, nobody drinks a stout straight from the bottle unless there are no glasses anywhere). then she disappeared so we had 2 empty beers in front of us for 15 minutes before she brought our check.

anyway thats just one example. i've been ignored by the bartender when there were only like 3 other people in the whole place, denied a table during dinner even after saying i would get food, and always waited for the check wayyyy too long. many different bartenders/servers, always bad.
i realized that i dont give enough 5 stars. i"m eating m order now. very good. great price too!!
i"ll be back
Cheap, AUTHENTIC, delicious gyros with good service and great hours.... enough said :)
Not high fashion but you can make an statement. 
I once bought their orange T shirt and had a blast, having people stop me and asked me if I work there.........:)
I had lots of fun and you cant beat it! they are only $ 3.50 i think? 

So, while you I am salivating to have this juicyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
chicken........I thank GOD for having Zankou so close to my house and work.  Parking is a pain, but worth it. Bring Cash, i dont think they take credit cards, but they do have an ATM machine inside their premises (Ouch says my wallet!).
The chicken is great, juicy, tender, none of that chicken funny smell. Their hummus is great and now is fluffier! 
Dont forget the garden salad! i dont know where they find those great tomatoes but they are also juicy and tasteful. 
I go to this place at least once, weekly. This last time i discovered they also sell half chickens...:)
I like that! 

I
Mmm, I love the atmosphere. It's so visually engaging, I don't really even mind a wobbly table there. I am particularly excited about beverages that are labeled as "special" Mmmm, special mint... special mint tea, special mint coffee. Yum. I wonder if this is straight mint or a classic washed mint and green tea combination. Either way, it reminds of of what I've heard referred to as Algerian or Moroccan tea, particularly in the presentation. If I recall correctly, pour the water from a twelve inch height. 
The waitstaff is great. I haven't tried the food YET, but I have every intention of it because the menu looks great and the food I've seen makes me hungry every time.
I love this place. I cannot get enough of the falafel salad with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, tabbouleh and feta. Don't forget the hummus, better than anything you'll find in the store!
Yummy and healthy hot pita sandwich with lots of flavor. They make their own pita bread right there in front of you and they give it to you while it is still warm. Place is really small and you'll be lucky to find a chair to sit and eat.
I tried Tallula's for the first time this weekend, and my review of the restaurant is a bit mixed. 

The food itself is quite good.  I had lamb that was perfectly spiced -- the dish I ordered was delicious. No complaints there.  One of our hot dishes came out cold, which could have been either the kitchen or the server's fault but it was fixed quickly so wasn't a big deal.

The service left something to be desired and it's the reason that my review is currently sitting at 3 stars instead of 4.  I understand that waitstaff are underpaid and overworked, and I always treat them well and tip them well for their hard work.  Unfortunately, though, there were just a few too many "misses" with our server.  They weren't terribly friendly, to begin with. We had the cold dish, referenced above.  We asked for items (utensils, etc.) that were never delivered to the table.  A soda took 15 minutes to arrive at the table, and when it was inquired about we were told that it was because the restaurant's bar was "too busy" to pour it.  I've never heard of a server relying on the bartender for a soda, so the excuse irritated me far more than the truth -- which was simply, "I forgot to get your soda."  And sure enough, after inquiring about it I watched the server go behind the bar and pour the drink herself.

Anyway, the food was very good and I'll be back.  I hope the service improves next time, though.  For now, Tallula's gets docked a bit for poor service but the tasty meal has earned it another go.
Props to the T passengers that didn't point out the white (tahini) sauce that was all over my scarf, shirt, and skirt. Either they were jerks or didn't want to interrupt a rather ravenous Dish. Whatever.. they were just jealous of all of the above. ;)

For f*ck's sake. Seriously? Why did I NEVER go here when I lived on Green Street? Probably because my undergrad thoughts of falafel pranks (those things can be manipulated in so many fashions) always made me cringe. And a palace full of it? Yeah, no. But after seeing people's positive reviews and after a night of dancing that let out past regular restaurant hours.. I had to.. just had to go this late night dining gem. 

I walked in past midnight and feared that the alleged 3AM closing time was false, but alas, the rush hadn't come in yet. Good.. some time to marinate (in thoughts and smells). It took me a little while to decide what to get because everything was so cheap. I finally went with lamb schawarma and was in negotiations to share some spinach pie. When I went to pay, the guy repeated my order, but misheard and charged me for a meat pie instead. When I corrected him, he apologized. The guys weren't pockets full of sunshine but they asked me how I was and that was enough convo for me. A couple minutes later, boom, everything was ready. Gotta love the quickness. I dove into the spinach pie before we even got to the T (which you can probably note is a short distance). Because of the last minute switch from meat it was a bit cold, but I ate it anyway since it tasted fine (hey.. I hadn't eaten in 12 hours.. don't judge). The breading was warm and soft like a mouth blanket  and the pie soon disappeared. Looking at my cohort I threw up my hands and put on my dimpled pressed lip smile... "Sowee". Revenge was probably not telling me about the tahini sauce that later became an accessory...but whatever. The first few bites into the wrap were disappointing. The lamb seemed to be a bit charred.. BUT that was just the few first bites. The rest of the wrap was sooo gooooodddd. My belly felt happy even into the next morning. Hooray Falafel Palace! You have broken the spell of evil/scary falafel thoughts that I once had!

Slash.. I love that they have the little "People Love Us on Yelp" letter on the glass at the counter. Awww. They feel the love. And I feel the love. And I will definitely be back for some late night grub.
Located right next to UCLA, this spot is a great for people watching.
Order a hookah, make some friends, then head over to Diddy Reese!
Prompt service.
Don't order food here; it's meh.
Just order hookahs!
Discount if you bring your UCLA ID (not sure about USC ;) ).
SUCH a cute little falafel place!  And the A3mu (Uncle) that runs the place is this adorable little Syrian man who will let you sample his amazing lentil soup if you converse with him in arabic (hehe, if you know but only a few words, I'm sure this will also score you some free treat points :)  The falafel is MAGIC!  I've eaten my share of arabic cuisine, but his falafel is easily the best falafel I've had...ever!!  
This place is literally down the street from the Central Square T stop, so if you're looking for a quick bite to eat, check it out :)

Bon apetite!
Good Food for good price...  I recommend the lamb and koobedeigh! Good service and owners are nice!
Alright, tonght I was in the mood for a good falafel.  Having read the reviews here, I decided to try Moody's.  I found parking a block away and got ready to have some tasty treats.

A few notes, I'm from New York City.  MacDougal Street in the Village is a Falafel heaven, with tons of great places to gorge.  My pick is Mamoun's there.  Here, my favorite so far has been Cafe Barada on Mass Ave.  For shawarma, my choice is Shawarma King, but we're not talking about that now, are we?

So up here, falafels are in wraps as opposed to the pita.  I prefer the pita.  And there are pickles, which I happen to like.  But this falafel was dry.  I should have asked for more tahini, but I didn't know.  So overall, this sandwich was dry and meh.  I hate meh food.  

Personally, I think this place is rated so highly because of all the drunks that realize it's open until 3AM Wed-Sat.  If you moved this place out of the way, no one would really go.  So sad...I so wanted a good falafel.
can i get married here

just kidding but no really i do love this place a lot. the workers are so friendly and the food is ready before you even pay! i usually get the lamb kebab or the chicken shawarma. love the garlic and spicy sauce that comes with the rice and hummus as well as the salad. dropping ten bucks on lunch is borderline much but i do anything for my pitaaaaa. love the outside eating area too, great for summer days
What's not to love about this place? It opens till 3AM on weekends, nice and friendly staffs, fast service, food is reasonably priced.

But most importantly, the quality of the food. I find every single item on their menu to be delicious, especially the hummus plate! If you haven't tried it, then you're definitely missing out!

Seriously, get the hummus plate! You'll leave the place with a happy face and a firm belly.
I love the combo kabob (Chicken & Tri-tip) plate. It is so flavorful!
I have been coming to this tucked-away diner for years, and have been telling anybody who will listen what a great place it is.  The prices are cheap and the food is excellent, for starters.  Every breakfast dish comes with seasonal vegetables and home fries, toast and homemade jam and hot sauce.  With rich coffee, I have never managed to spend more than $10 with tax and tip.  Try any of the varieties of eggs Benedict, or the large stack of pancakes.  I always leave full and satisfied.

The family who runs the restaurant, particularly the matriarch, is always pleasant and cheerful.  It feels wonderful to be welcomed back as a regular.  If you come before 10 am on a weekend you can probably avoid a wait.  But even if there is a line, it moves quickly. 

Give Brookline Lunch a try, and I'll be surprised if you don't come back.  See you there!
1. I don't like to sit this close to people when I'm eating.

2. I don't like to pay $12 for anything that ends in "wrap"
I can't get over how much I love the falafel sandwiches here!  It is so so so good!  I'm always craving to come here!  This really is a gem!  Saca's has set the bar for me in comparing falafel sandwiches in the so cal area...i loooove this place.
My go to spot on the Ave. Open late, eats on the cheap and the falafel is great. The gyros are also very good, and they serve them with a tumeric-y sauce instead of the standard tzatziki, which a nice variation and quite tasty. 

But, this is not why you go. The BEST thing on the menu is the baba ganoush, without question. Every time I go I get this. Its smokey, smooth and not bitter in the slightest, like some eggplant can get. Usually one pita isn't enough to soak up all the goodness, so I take the rest home and have a pleasant lunch time treat. 

Besides the eats, the guys behind the counter are all friendly easy to strike up a conversation with at the counter. 

And oh yea, BACKLAVA. Nuff said.
This is the first place I ate in when I first came to UW and is one of the few restaurants I've continued to go to in the last few years. It's cheap, tastes great, and is open late. The best part is that It's a full meal with meat, veggies, and a pita. Definitely not the same type of pita as the Pita Pit (errr). However, the worst part about it is that they charge you $.50 for using your credit card, so pay cash. Also, I usually take out, but it wouldn't be too bad to dine in.
best mediterranean food in Pasadena BAR-NONE.  The chicken shawerma is the shiznit... the rice has these lil pieces of noodles in it.. put that in ur pipe and smoke it competitors... its mad busy during lunch-time, but they're very efficient at getting customers in n out... doesn't take as long as it seems.
I had always assumed that food at the middle east was an afterthought, but this is not the case at zuzu.  For an excellent value go for the platters, the veggie is good but the meat is better, or better still get both and share between three people.  The service is great, the place gets full but doesn't seem cramped.
Accidentally wrote a review for the Bella Pita on Westwood Blvd, ironically I've never been to that location, despite how often I frequent the UCLA BP on Gayley! Bella Pita is my jam! I come here at least twice a week, usually getting a Chicken Wowshi if I'm sharing with my girlfriend, or a Steak Pita if I'm eating alone.

The wowshi is the filling of your choice, baked inside pita dough, sort of like a calzone. Something I've learned is always to put sauce on the meat first before the toppings, or else you'll just have a dry few last bites.

I always dress my wowshi with a bit of white sauce, hummus, and herbal dressing, before piling on Pico de Gallo, onions, and cucumbers, before adding some hot sauce, pepperoncinis, and then a little more white sauce.

While many rave about the fried cauliflower, I can tell you as a regular that the fries are way better, especially with "Bella Sauce", made with 3 parts white sauce, and 1 part "Really Hot Sauce."

Bella Pita is honestly good any time of the day, and I've definitely had it thrice in one day (lunch, dinner, drunchies).
Okay, so I haven't tried all the dishes, but I LOVE the veggie plate!!  The BEST falafel I've tried, for sure.  The yummy smell from the sidewalk drew me in!  And the tomatoes and cucumbers in the salad were so fresh and tasty!
First, service is fast. Before you can pocket your change, your food is packaged and ready. My lamb kabob plate was good; I would give it a 3 or 4 if that was the end of it. But my friend's chicken was dry and there was a bug in her salad.
Quick bite, lentil soup...yum, falafel, tabbouli mjjaddara and spinach pie.  Hit the spot...on the way to John Prine...it's a big ole goofy world!
I cannot believe anybody would give this place a bad review.  The falafel  is the best.  I cannot stand falafel anywhere else. Saca's has set the bar too high, nobody NOBODY!! has been even close.  Their hummus is making my mouth water as I type this down.  The owners are awesome. I read in one of the reviews a complaint about the wife. Good God these people are workaholics. They do everything. If she is not smiling it's because she is exhausted. I ran into them one night at a Lowe's, they obviously were buying things for a big job at home. They both looked so tired. I told them they needed to relax once in a while they both sighed and said there is no time... These people are so old school. They remind me of my parents. Support them and people like them. I watch them in action. They seem to always have a kind word for people and if they fail it is only because they probably are doing everything in their power just to keep from collapsing. Give them a break.
Mmmmmm sums up my experience here quite well..  I've been a big hummus and taboule fan forever, but I haven't really explored much outside of that in terms of Middle Eastern food..  ZuZu was definitely the place to do it!  
It did take a while to get our orders (which were just appetizers), but they were definitely worth waiting for.  My friend and I shared a vegetarian dip appetizer and my other friend ordered a few of the smaller appetizers; all of us had more than enough to eat.  My favorite of the dip plate was the falafel, hands down.. mm so crunchy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside!  And the whipped garlic, olive paste, and guacamole were also really really good.  
My only complaints were that it was hard to have a conversation without shouting because of the loud music, and that the pita bread wasn't the freshest ever...  but the meat of the meal was really good.  I'm definitely returning for more falafel and to try other goodies!
Happened about a year ago and was never given justice for my case with what happened here at the Mid East Club, so i thought id write my review which i never had the opportunity to do before.

First two times attending Mid East, and everything was fine. The third night going here I ran into a different lady checking IDs at the desk inside, and she was very rude claiming driving licenses were not accepted as ID. I said fair enough, and politely left the venue. 

I came back for another event on a different night, this time with my passport, but turns out the same lady who rejected my ID the last time at the front desk is a racist with a chip on her shoulder and decided to take it out on me.

 She told the cop standing inside to give me a sobriety check after checking my passport and asking me "ARE YOU FEELING OK?" with her extremely rude and condescending tone when i was being very polite, cooperative and was 100% sober.   

The cop inside gave me a 'sobriety check' by flashing his flash light into each of my eyes..... he then asks me "WHY YOU SMILING AT ME LIKE UR CUTE?" from here i knew this lady behind the desk and the cop were trying to provoke a reaction, so i said "What do you mean why am i smiling at you?" in a normal manner. The lady behind the desk then signalled the cop and out of nowhere 5 other cops ran into the venue and jumped me, beat me up on HER signal inside the bar.......all i was doing was standing there waiting silently while he flashed his flash light into my eyes .....and even if i was smiling, which i wasnt, it isnt against the law.  

Spent the night in a cell after they beat me up, slamming my head into a wall, punched in the jaw, and left bruises all over me (one in the shape of a handprint on my arm from how hard one of the cops was grabbing me) robbed my $40 from my pocket, stripped my clothes off in my cell down to my t shirt and jeans (which is normal procedure i think) but then left the back door open next to my cell with bostons blizzarding weather so i would be freezing cold.

Im diabetic and they denied me my insulin as i shouted from my cell for my meds (no one came to my aid - even before i went in i told the cop i needed to take my insulin), placed next to a psycho who apparently wanted to kill me and fuck my mother. The phone inside the cell was busted so i couldnt call anyone and was told by the cop "Well i guess you better hope someone finds ya!". Luckily my brother who was with me that night spent a long time trying to find where i was after they practically kidnapped me in their pitch black van in handcuffs, without telling him where i was going. He was able to bail me out after I was in the cell for 4 hours.

I had to go to court the same morning of release. The cops told me to be at Cambridge Courthouse "8am SHARP! DONT MISS IT."... turns out the court building opened at 9.30am when i arrived there, so had to wait in the freezing cold for an hour and a half for the doors to open. The judge gave me 20 hours community service for apparently "trespassing" and "disorderly conduct" - these charges were made up. 

Someone elses district attorney ran up to me as i tried to defend myself to the judge explaining how i did nothing wrong, he whispered in my ear "Just accept what shes giving you, it could be a lot worse."

So lastly, some personal words......FUCK the mid east club, and that bitch behind the counter, she knows who she is if she reads this. Clearly someone was having a very bad day. Dont go here.
Coming to Zankou Chicken for the Beck-inspired irony is for today's generation what going-to-Paris-to-visit-Jim-Morrison's-grave was for the burnouts I grew up with.  By that I mean, if that's why you're going, save yourself the trip. 

When it comes to unpronounceability, Zankou is clearly a five-star choice.  It could be zan-koe, zan-kow, or zan-koo.  Since it's really just around the corner from the office, I've been there a lot, and I still have no idea.  Funnily enough, the question doesn't haunt me.

I don't know anything about middle eastern food that you couldn't learn from standing at the deli counter at Whole Foods and asking the guy who works there a few questions, so all I can say is that the food here is in my view comparable to the food I've gotten at every other middle eastern restaurant of a similar kind anywhere.  It's good and tasty, but not out of the ordinary.  

There's also a problem with what you can order, and it actually keeps me away from the place sometimes.  You can order a sandwich or you can order a plate.  The sandwich is good, but a little light if you're hungry.  You'll end up mindlessly eating pitas of remorse after you're finished.  On the other hand,  the plate has enough food to satisfy a van full of hippies.  This includes enough hummus to cover an entire basketball if for some reason you needed to do that.  For me, it's a Goldilocksian choice.  Others may be less Baby-Bearish.

Finally, if you own one of those cool because they're not trying to be cool yellow t-shirts that just say 'Zankou' on them, my unsolicited advice to you is that you're too old to be buying your wardrobe at a fast food joint.
I really like this palce.. my fave hookah place prolly. they also have really good food. the lamb kabobs - omg DELICIOUS. not much seating though.......
YUMM! I used to hate falafel, but... after sharing the veggie plate here (hummus, babaghanouj, tabouli, salad, pita bread, 2 dolmas, 2 falafels) and 1/2 dozen falafels [which totalled to $10 or so] with my buddy...  my whole view has changed!

 * suggestion? - prob. go when the store is a little busier/ SOME people there, since, then the falafels will prob. be made fresh and WARM. We were the only ones there today when we went, and... the falafels were not that warm - delicious nonetheless, but... I kind of craved something warm on these recent typical rainy Berkeley days!

* ALSO-  definitely try the avocado falafel!! Taste was SO GOOD - reminded me of the fish tacos I used to get back home in LA (Senor FISH!) - plus, healthier, so... woopee!

will def. go back! hopefully it'll be open, though? it supposedly is open from 10am-9pm from mon-sat, but... it's sometimes closed by 6pm?
We all know that if you want some good Persian food, you have to go to West LA (Tehrangeles). Thanks to this place, you can get your fix without leaving Pasadena. 

I like the kabob koobideh and the ghormeh sabzi (rice with meat, spinach and kidney bean stew). Some days, the food is better than others, but it's always fresh and has a home-cooked touch.

I always get take-out because the service here is really, really awful!
You can still get a good meal at Moody's Falafel Palace, so life can't be all bad.

Still my standby for falafel. Other dishes are reliable good and mostly under $5 -- shawarma, kafta kebab, and the usual array of vegetarian options -- but the falafel sandwich keeps me coming back. Be sure to ask for a side of the smoky, delicious hot sauce, and ask what special thing not on the menu they have cooking up today.

Props to them for keeping an old White Tower building alive (and one Zippy's been to, no less: see http://snipurl.com/os8h). Open until midnight S-M-T, until 3am W-T-F-S. Cheap, historic, and late -- finally, a place that understands me.
My review is based on variations of the lamb shawarma that i got. Definitely get your shawarma with lavash. The first time I got it was on pita which is the default bread they will use if you just order and say you want a shawarma. The first time i had it, it was messy and very difficult to eat. Ordering it with lavash was the complete opposite.The consistency from start to finish made me ask for more. This will be a regular stop for me this Summer that's for sure.
A great middle eastern restaurant (halal food). I would strongly recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a quick bite. The ambiance is very casual. Close to the UT Austin Campus, so there are a lot of students. The service is pretty quick. The food quality is amazing. Fresh, tasty and well worth the money. We ordered Sheesh Tawook and Chicken Shawarma. Out of the world taste. 

Just that the restaurant is a little congested. Too many tables in a small restaurant, but thats no issue once you have the food. We were 4 people and have a great lunch for $33.
I find myself going Brookline Lunch almost every weekend. The food is wonderfully cheap and the home fries are served with plenty of sauted vegetables. At fast food prices you can get a finger-licking goood cheeseburger. I'm not saying its the best cheeseburger in the world, but ... you can has cheeseburger for cheap. 

Get a seat facing the back and you get to watch some impressive egg cracking. Or get a seat facing the street and zone out with a hangover, but bring sunglasses -  its really bright on Brookline in the morning.
I kept hearing about how awesome this place was and I finally grew the courage to walk in.  The establishment was clean and the open kitchen was very well organized.  I heard the falafel was great but I decided to order a gyro and told the gentleman behind the counter to make it with whatever it normally would come with.  I was surprised at how many fresh ingredients were wrapped into the warm pita.  Each bite was full of the toppings and the warm lamb.  I would recommend East Side Pockets to anyone who wants a quality pocket on the go or just to sit and enjoy.
Wow, delicious food! I cam here for lunch with some friends, and we all love the food & plan on coming back soon. The food deserves five stars, but the atmosphere pulls it back down to 4. This is not a fancy place - it's more like eating in a combination deli & market, and a little bit crowded. 

We ordered 2 kebab plates to split between the 3 of us (big portions), then examined all the interesting foreign foodstuffs they have in the market section. It's good to have this distraction, because it takes a while to get the food (they cook everything to order, so it takes longer, but tastes better!). When we got our food, we squeezed into a corner table and chowed down. Boy was it tasty! Even the rice is uber delicious. A great little place for kebabs.
I was feelin' saucy and decided to have a beef kabob plate.

me: can I have the beef kabob plate?
her: yes
me: can you make it medium rare?
her: you mean, you want juicy?

Yes, I want juicy!

I got juicy!  Delish steak, and love the basmati rice, which I just tried for the first time.  Good call, Zankou.
My favorite lunch spot in Cambridge!

Here is a link to my blog post about my two favorite places in Harvard Square - Algiers and LA Burdicks - http://jessica-travels.blogspot.com/2009/10/day-in-cambridge-side.html
I've seen many shows here and never have a terrible time at the shows but I have a few gripes over my last experience. The bathrooms were disgusting and 2 out of the 3 locks were broken. 
Had dinner before, nothing special. My biggest gripe is with our waitress, Lara. I've waitressed a numerous restaurants so I can usually sympathize when the service is a  little off. However, Lara's attitude was HORRENDOUS. You should try treating your customers with more respect and not act like a miserable human being. If you hate your fellow human beings, don't be a waitress. I won't get into this any further, but I will NOT be eating at the Middle East before a show ever again. The Middle East should consider hiring people who aren't complete lifeless souls.
I wish I were to have the pleasure of being the first.
I don't go out much to eat lunch anymore, but I have been here twice now and I think it is where I will be going everytime I have $4 to burn.

This used to be a sandwich shop, now it's the best place to get kebabs/falafals.

My favorite is the kafka. Wow the lamb is stuffed with seasoning.
Perfect portioning of vegis, sauce (garlic), and meat.
Habibi cafe should be called Habibi shit, it's a total rip off, poor customer service, totally over priced, for a small side order of hummas is like $10 plus they include the tips in the bill, who does that? 
The music there really sucks, the seatings are very un comfortable and they make u pay cash, they wount take credit cards even thou they have the machines right there on sight. I'm not sure why this place is still in business. The waiters talk to u with no respect, no greetings, and they yell at u and argue with u at all times, it is the worst Hooka place I ever been to, and I'm never going bk there again, ever. It's not classy, it's a trashy ass place. They over charge u. Habibi cafe sucks. It should be shut down for good.
This place sucks! They have a 10 dollar minimum charge per person, which sucks if you only want hookah.
Just tried the lamb chop and chicken kabob meal with my girlfriend, we were not impressed. Lamb chop was juicy 7/10, but that's it. Rice was very dry, 3/10, we left our rice nearly untouched; even tho we were starving. The salad was 4/10. Fries were 4/10. Chicken was not dry but it was so little for the price. Overall it was like food truck quality but less juicy, less tasty, and more costly. Together our meals were 30 with tax and tip. I would not come here again.
My family has been coming to this place for as long as I can remember.  While we have tasted of the various Persian grills in the greater San Diego area, when it comes to chicken kabob, and especially chicken sandwiches, this place is by far the best.

Call ahead to order if you are in a rush since it often takes 15 minutes to prepare a skewer, it is well worth the wait, though.  

This is also a good place to buy some basics you would need for cooking Persian food, though the Balboa Market has more selection if you are getting serious.  

Other than the chicken kabob wrap or plate, I recommend the kubideh wrap or plate.

This is truly one of the gems of San Diego, especially for lovers of Persian food.
waitstaff is meh at best.  i'm used to speedy super attentive service, everyone seemed a bit nervous and unsure the night i visited.  get it together!  whatever you do- do NOT get the 'spring rolls'. what a rip off.  $11 for 2 rice paper wrapped bundles of shredded carrot and cabbage?! F that noise.  the sauce however, was yummy.  but i don't know anyone in their right mind who pays $11 for yummy dipping sauce, again F that noise.  friend got the egg battered marnier shrimp app- they were disappointed and didn't finish it.  another friend got the lamb shank entree- and that shit was goooooood.  so if you go, get the lamb shank entree- but steer clear of spring rolls!!!!!!
I gave Heidar Baba two stars because the food was pretty good. There were seven of us who ate there for the first time. The place was pretty empty. We were seated &amp; five minutes later the waitress came to take our order. We order and a few minutes later she returns with pita bread &amp; a place of pickles, onions, peppers. We wait a while. Then the comes back with our salads. She forgot forgets our beverages. About 1/2 an hour later we flag down a different gal &amp; she tells us that they have a catering menus they are trying to fill &amp; that we are the next order. About 20 minutes later, our order shows up. The food was great, the service was lousy. Very lousy.
When in Pasadena we come here. Think Zankou Chicken but 50x better. I love this placel The falafel is what I always end up getting.. It  is always perfect each time. Not greasy.  The grape leaves. .. the pickled radish and they don't give you a little. They are generous with it. Did I mention that they are inexpensive? The Mediterranean salad is also good... I wouldn't make a trip from Costa Mesa just for this place. However, when in the area I am here. The only thing that I would suggest would be to avoid the lunch hour during the week. It's always busy during that time.  I forgot to add in the rice. BEST rice ever.
They have a lot of vegan options on the menu, which was great! The service was a little slow, but everyone was friendly and the food was good. Nice atmosphere too.
Visiting from out of town and met up with some friends here for a midweek breakfast. The tables were rather yucky. I couldn't tell if they'd been "cleaned" with something sticky or if they just had a lot of grease on them from who knows where. I could tell that they had been wiped, but I used up quite a few napkins to wipe off the yuck. This was not a good start to the experience.

The space was cold. I was wearing many layers and I was still feeling chilly. 

Now for the more positive aspects. The food was completely reasonable breakfast/bunch food. I had the french toast, eggs, bacon dish and it was all pretty good so no complaints there. They don't have fresh-squeezed orange juice. The final payment was extremely reasonable for everything we had consumed so that was a welcomed ending to the visit.

I enjoyed the art on the walls that they are selling for very reasonable prices.
As someone else stated it has a Soup Nazi feel but they are nice.  the food is ready quick and it's cheap! 

Don't forget to get an extra serving of the garlic sauce. It's the most amazing thing ever!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
10 Food
9 Service
10 Atmosphere
9 Value

Not good for eating in if they're busy b/c it's so small, but the size also feels nice and fitting.  Don't leave without getting some cashew fingers.
An unassuming little breakfast joint.  So unassuming that I've been biking past it every day for two years now, and didn't even realize it was there until last week.

Incredibly cheap (you can get a nice filling breakfast for 5 bucks no problem) and very good as well.  Now a few words about what makes Brookline Lunch unique:  

1) They serve grilled vegetables as a side with most orders, making you proud for at least giving a token nod to good health as you add another dollop of maple syrup to your bacon.

2) The toast comes with some kind of smoked jelly, the likes of which I have never seen anywhere else.

3) The tables and furniture have a nice dinged up charm.  Kind of like the picnic bench by the archery shed at summer camp, only you don't feel sketchy eating off it.  A nice compliment to the crayola doodlings of dogs on the ceiling.
After returning home from Israel several years ago I was desperate to find falafel up to my new standards. This place did it. This was the only place in the area I would go to for my falafel cravings.

Big down side is a lack of parking nearby. So unless you live on UMD's campus or very nearby, it could be difficult to access.  But worth the risk for the delicious food!
loved the thai wrap w/ falafel! thanks tom's for helping me keep up my Meatless Monday!

this place has a pretty cool interior w/ booths, funky chairs and sofas tucked around coffee tables for a very relaxed vibe.
One of my recent discoveries. I can't believe I live 5 blocks away and had never been there before! Good news is that I am now hooked on the falafel wrap. I've been back twice in one week. It costs less than $5, has a perfect combination of falafel and vegetables, little pickles (great touch) topped off with non-garlic tasting tahini. I can't wait to try to lamb shawarma. My Middle Eastern blood approves!
I'm a little nervous to write this review because I'm worried the cafe will suddenly be packed next time I go.  Algiers has the most comfortable, least pretentious atmosphere of any cafe in Harvard square.  It's usually not busy, the food is good, the tea is alright, and I think it's my new favorite place.  They serve a reasonably priced breakfast all day, which is a huge plus when I want eggs at 10 pm and don't want to go to IHOP.  I didn't have any problem with service, and it really reminded me of Cairo, what with the tea, the falafel, and the red and gold tiling.  How's that for atmosphere.
Tender flavorful rotisserie chicken, soft pita bread, hummus, pickled beets and great garlic spread. Price is right. Taste is right. Not a fan of the tahini salad though.
Absolutely the best falafel I've tried in Seattle! We did a "falafelpalloza" a few months ago and got a falafel sandwich from a bunch of places in the u-district to compare. Aladdin Falafel Corner was clearly the winner, and we've been back many times since. The lamb/beef gyro is pretty awesome as well.
If you're vegetarian this is a great place to eat! The falafel wrap is the most delicious meal you could stuff your face with. Do you like really spicy food? Ask for the suicide sauce. They don't have it out in the open and don't advertise this very spicy and special sauce unless you ask. I used to eat here every day Monday through Sunday! Sadly I'm moving soon and will miss East Side Pockets from the bottom of my heart.
If it was still last year id be giving this place 5 stars but after several bad experiences its sadly been slashed to three. Still the best darn falafal ive had in mass. though thats for sure. They make them just how i like them when the one older gentleman was still running things behind the counter. The younger folk ive had make my roll ups arent completely awful its just lacking someing in taste and make which usually has me end up with a lap full of hummus.
Pretty good food, unbelievably cozy (and dare I say even slightly exotique/Orientalist), but the service is quite slow and you will have to squeeze around a bit to find a place to sit.  When our group of six (really, it's too big for a place like this) came in, the restaurant was pretty quiet, not even 1/4th full, and many tables upstairs were still un-bussed. We asked a waiter to come clear the tables so we could sit and it took them a good 10 minutes.  That's pretty weird!

Anyway, I won't let that dissuade me from coming here again. I got the meat turnover for $8, a steal, and it was filling and on a big generous plate of salad. 

Don't get a soda here though -- they'll charge you $2.50 for a tiny glass 8 ounce bottle!  (It's about half a CAN of soda.)  Yea, I know I'm a tool for ordering a diet Coke with my Middle Eastern cuisine, sue me.  I paid the price for my toolishness. Don't repeat my mistake.
Since moving to Boston, I can't find a falafel as good at the one from here... so fresh, so delicious, affordable, they make it to order, you watch them make it, and they're always efficient and friendly. yum. I always stop in when I'm back in town.
Algiers used to be a favorite of mine. I'm not a coffee drinker but loved their Arabic Coffee. I've not been there for 6 months or so, so was very surprised with tonight's visit. The prices have increased & the quality has decreased. We waited over 20min for just 2 coffees and some pastries. Coffee was luke warm and tasted burned. 

With the price increases there are just too many other places in the vicinity with higher quality offerings. Algiers is no longer on our list.
(vegetarian/vegan)

Hummus is one of those rare places where I could go by myself or with a friend - it works either way. Although the place is very casual, it's clean and well organized. There are even some electrical outlets sprinkled throughout the restaurant, which is a nice gesture - many restaurants try to keep the Laptop Nation out, and I appreciated Hummus' support of my occasional attachment to my monitor.

The food is good - fresh, tasty, and authentic.  The falafel platter (which includes falafel, pita, hummus, fries/rice, and two sizable side salads) costs about $8, and can easily be enough for two, unless one of the two is either very hungry or very territorial.

For a casual, filling meal for under $10, Hummus is a good choice in the Penn area.
Brookline Lunch is a great small local spot with friendly service and honest home-cooked food. I'd definitely recommend it for Central Sq residents and visitors. 

I ordered the Western omelet, which included ham, tomatoes, and spinach (see photo). Although it's been a while since I've been here, I do remember vividly that I loved what I ate. I was completely satisfied for not just one meal, but two. Yes, the portions are huge, so you can definitely turn your omelet dish into two meals. And you should.. b/c it's probably not a good idea to eat such a big portion. 

Anyway, come with cash and be prepared to get your money's worth.
Taking shelter from a sudden downpour, we quickly ventured into this cozy restaurant cafe seeking a quick bite and some time to dry ourselves off.  Little did we know, the cuisine would be a mixture of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern.  The decor was both pleasantly eclectic and interesting, and I found it difficult to internalize it all in one look-through.  Initially, it seemed to be stuffy, until I explored the premises a little further and found a nice balcony area that provided outdoor seating, should the weather permit it.

The food was not remarkable in any way, but was found to be satisfactory.  I ordered the Hommos Anjali, choosing a saute chicken dish which was accompanied by pieces of bread and served along with sauteed vegetables.  In addition, a double espresso closed the meal quite smoothly.  Overall, the quality of the food was good enough to leave me content as we left the restaurant with full stomachs.  However, my date had ordered the falafel with french fries and reported stomach pains soon thereafter.  I will note that the french fries turned out to be quite fresh and delectable.

The service was nice and punctual, good overall.  The price was affordable and average for the food you get.  The next time I return it will most likely not be for a full course meal but instead maybe one of their desserts (the baclava seemed especially popular), or their coffee which was also quite good.
So I'm giving this two stars based on the price.  The food is sparse for the amount you pay.   I can't say I've had Turkish food before and so I can't speak to the authenticity of the dishes or if they taste like what they should.  I enjoyed that tastes of what I had, but the price just isn't worth it.
Zuzu's is the bit of a conundrum of the Middle East venue network. A higher end middle eastern restaurant? A music venue? A bar?

Well it's kinda all three in one. The food is by far superior to both of the middle easts upstairs and downstairs (although that's really not saying much), but this comes at quite a big price jump, which bites you in the ass when you're looking around at the relatively low budget surroundings and party atmosphere.

Nevertheless, the food is pretty good, even if I'm not the biggest fan of middle eastern food (I think all the mediocrity I've always had has given my stomach a bad rap sheet to judge it).

Decent wine listing from what I can tell, but I know about as much about wine as I know about heating and air conditioning routing.

As a party central, it can be either hit or miss depending on who's spinning, or who's actually in the club. Expect to pay a cover often. Usually they'll be playing less "dance" music and more rock and rolly or jazzy music than say Enormous Room or Middlesex, and it can make a nice break. It'll be decently crowded, but the service keeps up with it pretty well, and they take plastic which is good.
Over the past infinityteen years I have seen some of the best shows of my life at The Middle East, and for that alone  I can easily give them 5 stars. Also, the restaurant is pretty decent, so that's just a bonus. Where else can you get dinner, go downstairs to see a show, then go back upstairs to go dancing, then wake up the next morning with a black eye, pounding head, and bleeding ears, only to return for brunch?

I'm not one to name drop (yes I am), so I won't (at least not in this review until the end), but 90% of my top 25 favorite bands stop at ME on their tours 60% of the time every time. The bouncers can be hit or miss, but the sound guys seem to know what they are doing. Levels and sound quality are always on point. As a closeted audionerdophile, I giddily giggle.

ATTN: Converge, come back, plz.
Beautiful cafe in a wonderful location. Sweet service, slightly elevated prices, a convoluted second floor. It's got my heart.
this is my first review and i want to do this coz i just love this place so much but i kinda feel that a lot of people havent heard about this place. i live around the corner and just found this place last sunday while browsing yelp app on my phond. everything  here is amazing the combo is a must try, its a combination of chicken shawarma and kofta kabob with salad and rice or garlic fries.. we  tried the sampler appetizer w/c has the hummus,grapeleaves with rice, salad and some eggplant dish( babba ghanoush?!)for our entrees,i had their moudjadara,which is a lentils with rice, and my bf had the combo, food is just awesome and worth ur money. . dont forget about the desserts! homemade baklawa! the staff and the owner were very nice too. we're def. coming back for more!
Okay, you had me at tri-tip steak wrap, you really did!

On my second visit to this location I realized that Zankou Chicken really deserves its five stars because there is really none like it. Fast (well, not that fast, but fast enough) great meals. I enjoyed my Steak wrap, even asked myself whether I should order another as I saw my friend devour his wraps. At about $5 a wrap I settled for my one wrap, but realized that upon my next visit I shall settle for the $10 plate - meat, sauce, pita bread, hummus...mmmm...hummus.

Yeah, I dig this place.
One of the best places for Kabob especially around the university area. I and my husband go their frequently for lunch. Recently I tried lamb sham....it was good. Try this, strongly recommended.
Love this place. Great quality food, and large quantity servings, made by a wonderful family, in a great location. The hours are a little strange though. If I remember correctly, don't expect service before 10 AM or on mondays. It is really delicious though, my favorite breakfast place/ diner in Cambridge/ Boston area.
I love this place! Great Turkish food. A little pricey but well worth it. Everything I've had here has been delicious. Try the Manti, Iskender Kebab, or Lahmacun. All is great though. Parking sucks, however.
Mediocrity exemplified. One more star off for poor typography choices. On the plus side, it is close to campus.

A decent number of vegetarian options, in addition to the usual meat dishes. Unfortunately, none of them are particularly good. They're good for filling your stomach without making you throw up, but that's about it.

More problematically, why must they use comic sans in addition to the three other typefaces on their menus? As if the liberal switch between condensed and non-condensed typefaces is not enough, they definitely made sure that their menu looks supremely ugly. Well, I suppose it's a point for homeliness.
I wouldn't waste my time here again after going to Rama Genie in West Hollywood. While we thought that this one and Gypsy were the only hookah bars in our area, we had a great time. Waited forever for a table, got ignored by the guys who were supposed to be serving us and stirring our coals... had less than mediocre food... you know the drill. There's a minimum food order per person, too, so you HAVE to eat their food. Not so great. And REALLY crowded. Their hookah is not that good, and like I said, expect to be ignored when you want them to stir the coals or get you a new one. Tons of people I know frequent this place, though. It's very popular so it must have some redeeming qualities. I just haven't found them yet.
Holy Falafely! Why has it taken me THIS LONG to discover this wonderland of perfectly crisp falafels and freshly made hummus! 

It's a curse and a blessing now that I've been here - blessed to know delicious Mediterranean DOES exist in the SGV, but cursed because this is all I'll ever want to eat. Oh, the dilemma. But for better or worse, this small cafe packs enough flavor in their food to make up for their lack of space. I ordered the vegetarian combo and chose the hummus, tabouleh, stuffed grape leaves and falafels. Yum!

If this is the closest I'll get to visit Greece, I'll take it! (at least, for now!)
Zankou Chicken is my LA equivalent to Goood Frickin' Chicken back home in the Bay!  Skin is crispy, meat is moist, and garlic sauce is garlicky.... droool...
A hookah joint that's an excellent alternative to the bar scene if you're either underage or want something else to do in the Oakland area that isn't alcohol-related. Really cool atmosphere, as this used to be a church but is now decorated ceiling-to-floor in brightly patterned cloths and similarly designed cushions along the walls. There's also a "VIP section" upstairs that has an extra $1 cover charge, which is pretty ridiculous as it's exactly the same as the ground except one flight up. 

I'm not a hookah connoisseur but they do have Starbuzz, which according to my brothers who I came here with, is one of the better tobaccos. Ask which quality it is, since they don't list the brands on the menu. They have a wide selection of flavors here; we tried the peach, which was really smooth and flavorful.

The juices were highly recommended. While they are thick and lush, only the strawberry is made in-house. I also had the sahlaab drink, which is a Turkish hot drink quite similar to rice pudding, but a little more liquid-y. Really, *really* delicious.

All in all, it's really cool that Sphinx even exists in Pittsburgh, it seems to be pretty authentic to be honest. The crowd seems to be mostly underage college kids. Thursdays, Fridays and Saturday nights some college students (I think??) grill up burgers and hot dogs on the lawn to sell for a few bucks. Good call, as Sphinx doesn't offer much other than finger foods.
I am not sure if I went here on an off day but I had been impressed with every other restaurant in ann arbor until I went here. 

The food was decent to eat. The lentil soup was a bit bland and the Chicken Schwarma was dry. The only thing that stood out to me was the hummus. However, not anything special.
This is probably one of the more authentic Mediterranean/Greek food places I've been to in LA so far. The food was much better than the chain restaurant Daphne's Café, that's for sure. I went with my boyfriend and we had the Chicken Shawerma Plate and the Lamb Kebab Plate. The plates are rather pricey at about $8.00 and $8.25 respectively. They also have pitas for about $5. You can get the same thing in NYC off of a street cart for $5.00 a plate, and $3.00 for gyro, though in NYC it is just tastier on a whole different level. But since there are absolutely no halal carts here in LA, this would be the go to place if you wanted some Mediterranean food.

There was a good amount of food. Each plate had hummus, rice, one pita, a small salad, a spicy dip and a garlic dip. As other yelpers have mentioned, the service is super fast. Our food was ready in under 2 minutes! The chicken shawerma was pretty tasty. The lamb kebab was a little on the dry side and tough (but then again it is hard to get every piece of meat on the kebab to be cooked to the same consistency), there were 2 skewers with 3 pieces of lamb on each. I really wish they had some other lamb dish where it is not on a kebab. The rice, salad, hummus were all good tasting, fairly normal. The only thing that wowed me was the garlic spread. It was just as amazing as everyone said! Best damn garlic spread ever. I wish I had more pita for that spread! I also wish I had some more of the spread! Overall though, the food was good, definitely good enough to try again.
Drool!

Best cheap chicken ever!  That is to say, delicious chicken at near fast-food prices.  I don't know how they do it, but man the chicken is so good.

I like the hummus too, but it can get crowded.  Probably because everyone wants the best cheap chicken ever too!
If you don't have your eyes open you could easily miss this place, and that would be too bad.  Great shawarma wraps, and friendly staff make it worth a stop.

Better than the Falafel Corner around the bend.
This place is AWESOME. Such an innovative, tasty dish that is fairly cheap (around 6.50 for a wrap) and very fast. They cook the naan fresh and then you select the ingredients you'd like, Chipotle style. I had the spicy chicken, which was great.

It's very casual; there are tons of tables for you to park at. I went at lunch (~12) on a Wednesday and it was very tame. It seems like a place where people often get food to go. It's fine sitting there, though. They have a TV playing in the back if you need additional entertainment while you eat.

I honestly wish there were more of these. The portions are HUGE. For someone who has a small appetite, it could easily be lunch and dinner. I've only been once but the next time I'm in College Park, I will definitely go back. A great date would be to grab lunch from this place and then swing by the U of M ice cream parlor across the street to get some of their locally-made ice cream.

For anyone else who forgets their wallet and only has their checkbook, word of warning: they do not accept checks.
One of the local gems of WL. One of the better middle eastern restaurants in the Purdue area, although for out of towners it may be hard to find. They are located kind of in an alley. They're space has gotten smaller so it is a tight squeeze for a large crowd but their food is very good. Their hummus is amazing as are their falafels as far as appetizers are concerned. For a middle eastern place they probably have the best briyani I have ever eaten. Spicy and tastes amazing. [it's a chicken and rice dish]. I always get their beef shawrma [full order!] but their chicken is good too. Each entree comes with a soup or salad. I always opt for their yogurt salad. No longer at purdue but I will def miss this place.
good god was this disgusting. Since when are falafels green inside. It was so greasy, cold, and green. I do not recommend this place. The guys that work there are so rowdy.. their behavior also influenced my experience to be more negative than it already was.
I had walked by here many times and finally grabbed some breakfast before work.  
Pros: affordable & fast
Cons: food & environment
My food was less than satisfying-I've had a better breakfast at home and the space was dirty and felt neglected.
I would recommend other breakfast places in the area.
great prices & FAST service! This place is always packed. Chicken shawerma is delicious & so are the chicken kebobs. The hummus is creamy & delish too!
YUMMY, cheap and good food and clean clean clean....so tasty
UGH! My partner and I just got takeout from this place, and DAMN it was terrible. So far as I know chicken shawarma is not supposed to be crunchy. Bad shawarma! I also got a spinach pie and although I'm not sure what sort of herbs they put in it, they shouldn't have used the ones that they did...

the only thing that saved this meal was the fact that the fridge was filled with leftovers from guru the caterer...
Good place to grab a quick lunch

Pros: relatively healthy options, good portions for price, falafel wasn't over-fried

Cons: only one employee working so it took a while to get food
Clearly there is something that this place puts in their food that makes people all gushy and five-star rating happy.  Clearly this drug does not have an effect on me because as you can see, I only gave it three stars.  It's a standard falafel joint.  Falafel is supposed to be cheap, but this place isn't that cheap - it's standard.  Four sandwiches and three orders of soup for take-out set me back $40.  Not ridiculous, but what you'd expect to pay (aka standard).  Now, I love falafel, but would I turn tricks for this falafel? No.  Too standard.  Are there falafel joints that I may do that for?  Possibly (see my review for Haifa Falafel).

That being said, it's probably the best damn falafel in downtown Ann Arbor (however, not in the Ann Arbor mailing area, see my review for Haifa Falafel)

Does that earn it five stars?  No.  Just three.  Especially since after I dropped $40 there the other day on take-out and they forgot my damn falafel.  That's actually sub-standard.
This place is awesome! Food, service, cleanliness A+
Tip: Go light on the sauces.
** TWO STARS.

I liked the Garlic spread....
...Parking sucked.  Chicken was oddly tanged, that made it taste like spoiled orange peel.  Somewhat "juicy" but really dried out my mouth and lacked any flavor.  Wings on the whole chicken were burnt and unedable.  Really would have been just the same to have just picked up a premade one at Ralph's.  Place looked and felt like a soup kitchen.
My favorite place 
Mmmmm
Try....
1) Iranian hot tea with free refills 
2) zereshk polo-white meat chicken, yummy fresh 
Rice, and green salad/barely soup. 

Hits the spot everytime.
Best place on the ave hands down. Mohammed and his buddies who run the place are always friendly and take great care of us!

Keep it up guys!
You see all these five stars??  I'd give this sh*t 6 if I could.
I like Algiers for the Hibiscus tea which is truly fantastic and its wide selection of teas in general. The mezze platters are ok - but when you add the two together and combine it with a lot of sunshine on their nice roofdeck, you have a nice Saturday afternoon. 
Staff could be friendlier, the interior could be better maintained (chairs, tables, restrooms), and Algiers could benefit from buying new cups and cutlery as well. Just a little more focus on service and appearance and this would be one of my favorites.
it was a slow tuesday afternoon and i went for lunch with my husband..the food had flavor.. doubt . employees were helpful..but the OWNER ..gosh !!! he sucks...he was so rude with his employees..he was yelling on top of their head..even tough they did;nt make any mistake..he was even rude to couple of customers..we wanted to try another falafel roll up ..but did'nt feel like coz of the owner's non-stop awful comments..guys !!! try azama grille in brighton...the food is super delicious ..employees are trained and helpful..and the owner ..i just have one word to say  " WOW"...shawarma king in brookline has good food too...
I'm writing about Soulelujah on Saturdays.
KICK.  ASS.
A couple of things to keep in mind when you go:
1) They only let in a certain amount of people, so get there about half an hour or 20 minutes early.
2) $5 cover.
3) Everybody gets let in at 11, and the bar gets jammed.  There's generally ONE bartender, who can be very hard to get ahold of.  Best to drink before you get there, then wait about 45 minutes to order a drink.
The music is amazing, and there's a good mix of people.  Even though I'm a terrible and embarassing dancer, I'm not ashamed to try to groove here.  I can wear what I want and look as silly as I want when dancing--nobody's judging here.  This is the place to get sweaty and let loose.
I can't believe I've lived in Central for almost two years and JUST went to Soulelujah.  Can't wait to go back again.
Hookah's aight but nothing great, although they have around 25 flavors to choose from. The food's pretty good but always served cold (always, even the french fries, which should never ever ever be served cold), and the service fluctuates from being overly accommodating and gracious to downright irritating and nonexistent. And there's only one damn bathroom (unisex to boot), so expect looooong lines while waiting to use the john.
Moody's is apparently somewhat of an institution, judging by the number of Yelp reviews and the Ben Affleck autographed "best falafel ever" shirt. I find the food here to be extremely reliable in that it is usually good. Not "best falafel ever," but good. I know that if I order a hummus sandwich, I am going to be full, be content, and probably be covered in hummus, because there is a lot of hummus going on in that sandwich. The only food item I've ever had here that was markedly bad was one time the tabouli apparently had salt spilled in it, making it painfully salty. 

Other than this, all of my experiences have been good. I do not even know what Falafel Palace is like in the daytime hours, because it is the standby post-show dinner from anytime my band played in Cambridge. For the option of having something moderately healthy and delicious that is not expensive or from Store 24, I have to give Falafel Palace 4 stars.
Checked this place out for the first time today. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I entered with few expectations. And was more than pleased with what I found. 

As others have noted, the decor was nicer than expected and mos def on the high end for campus. Not spacious, but big enough. Also, the man taking orders was plenty friendly. My friend had lots of questions and he was happy to answer them.

Now to the grub. I ordered the Beef Kabob roll. It was wrapped in a beautiful sheet of naan. Yummy yummy bread. The beef was well seasoned and tender. Also, this meal included fries which were unique but quite tasty. Not super cheap at $7.99, but I would say you get your money's worth here.

All in all, this is a great addition to the campus restaurant lineup. I'll be back!
I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness and quality of the food at Zankou Chicken.  Definitely heading there again next time I'm down in Pasadena.  Great alternative/upgrade to fast food destinations, McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's etc.

The staff are super friendly and welcoming.  Portions are very generous.
I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review for this place but I love it!  
It's small, dive-y and you can barely even tell it's a restaurant from the road, but this place has delicious, quality Mediterranean food.   I love Jerusalem Garden because the food is never too greasy and is always fresh... piping hot off the grill.

Some of my favorites are the fattoush salad, meat grape leaves sandwich and the chicken shwarma sandwich with a falafel added inside.

The service is not fantastic but as I always like to point out, who goes to a restaurant for the service anyway? I'm a food girl.

Yum, this is an Ann Arbor must try.
Back when I was a student at Columbia I heard Amir's mentioned a lot as cheap digs for your chickpea dosage. Years after college, I'm back in the neighborhood and in need of a quick bite. I was quite disappointed!  Though I'm not Lebanese, I'm Greek, so I do have SOME idea what good falafel and hommus tastes like. This was awfully runny cheap tahini and the pita pockets were slapped together. A mess to eat and a bit overpriced considering it was hommus in a store-bought pita pocket with iceberg lettuce and styrofoam-esque tomatoes. Come on now.
This place works if you ware in the mood for falafel or shwarma, but it certainly isn't great.  The falafel, salads, and sides don't always seem very fresh, but there are plenty of options.  

On the plus side, if you order a plate you'll get as much food as you can handle.

I may be spoiled from a long history of great falafel places, but I would only reccomend this place if you're in the mood for middle eastern and don't have another place to go.
The chicken shawarma  was excellent.

It gives chiken a very unique taste that you can not get elsewhere i feel.

hummus and pita were also perfect.

want to try many more dishes here ...
I'm sorry Bella Pita. I really wanted to like you, but honestly I thought you were juts okay. 

What I got

Chicken Wowshi combo: I honestly thought it was dry even with a ton of sauces. The bread however was very delicious and hot (kudos).
Awesome falafels here and they offer a good number of toppings (included in the price). They have a great system and get you in and out pretty quickly even when the line is out the door (which is often). There isn't a ton of seating but I always seem to find one. I like to sit at the counter against the window and people watch.
I come here on Fridays for SOLID! with DJ Ryan Durkin.  It's a fun crowd that likes to dance, and the tunes are great.
There are some big haters here.  And I haven't had their falafel more than once so i can't speak to it.  But the shish kebab sandwich is absolutely delicious.  You can feel safe ordering that.
Samir is really friendly every time to anyone who visits this little side street restaurant. That's why  this is four-star and not a three-star review. Their pitas are very cheap and not bad, unfortunately they're always a little heavy on the lettuce and light on the falafel or hummus. 

Good place for a cheap, friendly meal.
this place is nice and clean with great food and low prices. you can even see the guy making your food and even the entire back kitchen so you know they ain't hiding anything on you. 

the falafels are awesome. this place made me a fan of falafels. their lamb wowshis were very good also. juicy and tender, they made it well.

the salad bar is a great idea. after getting your order, you can assemble your own wowshi pocket and the access you have to the bar is like your own Subway assembly line. Put as little or as much vegetables as you want in addition to the tasty little sauces you can put on. this place is open pretty late too since it is next to the campus
I was visiting Cambridge today and had a few minutes in which to grab an early dinner before boarding the T at Central Square and taking a bus to NYC. I see Moody's Falafel Palace right across the street. I'm thinking fast and cheap. It looks like a dive from the outside. Inside: photos of Aleppo, Syria, a great assortment of falafel-schwarma-foul and other Middle East standards. Having spent a little time in that part of the world, this place rang true. And the food was really good--and fast and cheap. As one of the reviews (posted in the restaurant) said accurately: come here to eat with your closest friends, or take out the food. The place is pretty tiny, maybe seats 10 people max. Great food, cheap, fast.
Rockin falafel. Not too hard/not too dry. Good fries. Nice dudes running the place. Nice place to sit and chill. Good veggie/vegan options. Check it out.

Pretty cheap too for all the food you get.
Oh sweet bejeesus! Okay, another update to an update, but I swear it's for a good reason: Moody's hot sauce. Maybe before they weren't giving me a ton of it, or my taste buds were feeling particularly hardy last month, but that stuff is HOT. I am a spicy food fiend, and have a really hard time not getting food spicy enough for my liking, and I needed a DRINK to soldier on through the extreme heat searing off my taste buds and pins-and-needlesing my lips. 

"What?!" you say? "Drinks are for the weak and the infirm!" 

Then color me weak and stick me in a wheelchair. As long as I can have the hot sauce.
My husband and I went to this restaurant and ate today and we both got food poisoning. I myself threw up violently and got better after ; however, my husband could not throw up and felt terrible all night. 

We would never eat here again ever.

Do not recommend this restaurant to anybody.
Yeah East Side pockets! This shizzle was the dizzle especially for late night College Kid (JWU) eats. I don't think there was a thing on that menu I didn't try and loooooove!
The food was tasty. I'd go back for it. But the service was slow. And the flooring/walls/ceiling make for an acoustically unfit atmosphere for carrying on conversation.
This is by far my favorite place to eat in Providence, both in terms of deliciousness and getting your money's worth. Aside from East Side Pockets, there's not a lot of options for cheap, good, and healthy? food on College Hill. I usually recommend it to everyone that visits. The lines get super long around lunch time, dinner time, and 11pm, but service is fast and you can get a good filling meal for around $6. Both the falafel and kafta are really really good.
I'm surprised to see such polarized reviews about Pita Pita.  Apparently, it moved locations and changed its style a bit - so perhaps that has something to do with it.  The only version I'm familiar with is the current one (Colorado @ Lake).  Every time I've been there, it has been pretty good.  Not the best I've ever had, but decent.

I usually go for the chicken plate...with rice, beans, hummus, and of course pitas.  I've never been disappointed with the food...though admittedly, I have mixed emotions about the beans.  They're weird...almost like canned baked beans, but with a funkier flavor.  I think I keep ordering them because I'm hoping to decide if I like them or not.  Huh.  I just realized how crazy that sounds.  You really shouldn't be reading this nonsense.
I'm in Pittsburgh for a conference, and thought I'd grab some Middle Eastern carry-out for dinner. It's Sunday night, I called them up and found out they're open until 9:45PM! I was really surprised, since most places don't stay open that late on Sunday.

I ordered the Vegetarian Special ($6.95 entree), Spinach & Lentil Soup ($2.50/cup), and Baklava ($1.50/piece). I'm saving the baklava for later, but the other two dishes were excellent. The soup was freaking awesome, seriously. It had maybe a little too much oil, but otherwise, it was very tasty. The entree had rice (not memorable), hummus (okay), and baba ganouj (excellent). Yeah, you could totally taste the grilled eggplant goodness of the baba ganouj. I would definitely at least add a side dish of this if you eat here.
I think the atmosphere and decor pleased me more than the food did. It had dim lighting but not the kind where it's perfect for a romantic date. They had quirky things on the wall like a picture of Jesus, a Spanish guitar and they even had a small tv with monochrome settings next to a jukebox. 

We ordered the ZuZu Pu Pu Platter: grape leaves, spinach dumplings, empanadas, brik, kibbeh mishi, kebabs, hummus, baba ganooj, harissa & whipped garlic. The presentation was nice and the sauces went well with the dishes but I've tasted better empanadas and dumplings. I didn't know what to make of the grape leaves since I've never tried them before. But the chicken and beef kebabs which were tender.

Lastly! We got the chocolate baklava ice cream sundae. This was pretty good, the layer of chocolate in the baklava was just the right amount and the texture was chewy which fit well with the ice cream.
It's a tiny place and, depending on the time, you might have to wait if you want to sit down and eat inside, but boy is it worth it. The food is great, fresh and made to order by possibly the friendliest cook in town. Samir's friendliness makes you feel like you've just popped into his home for a visit, and his food is arguably among the best middle-eastern fare in Seattle. I highly recommend the kafta kebab platter and the falafel sandwich.
Useful but little-known fact about Ed's: They're one of the only two places that Drexel Student Organizations are allowed to order pizza from for events.  The other one is Powelton Pizza, which I don't like very much, so I always order Ed's.  Although I've gotten and enjoyed smaller orders from them it's not very often because California Pizza is closer to my place.  So this review is about their bulk service.

Usually I order about 5 or 6 pizzas at a time from them, and as many 2L bottles of soda.  It's always come on time, and one time when I ran out they had 5 more made and delivered in less than 45 minutes.  They will happily include plates, napkins, and cups for free with large orders.  They forgot the cups once, but they fixed it quickly and gave me an extra soda to compensate.

As for the pizza itself, it's not bad, and I've never gotten any complaints.  Greasy like any college food, but that's to be expected.
JG wins best cheap eats almost every year and for good reason. I stick with the Chicken Shawarma sandwich or the Falafel Plate almost every time and always leave happy.
Jerusalem Garden reminds me of a little garden nook. I bellied up to the counter and fancied me some fattouch (2 thumbs up here) before heading to the elbow room for some tunes. 

The staff here is extremely friendly and if you've been in there more than twice, they most likely already know your name. The falafel sandwich with rice is a noted fave of my comrades-- As stated earlier, I really like the fattouch with some hummus..

I do wish, however, that they had a liquor license there-- but I guess I view it more of a quick bite stop rather than a long drawn-out conversation meal-- but an ice cold beer would still taste not sooo bad.

I can't wait to go back to Ann Arbor to go back to this place!
Quick, cheap bites!

I just got off a long flight and took the flyaway to Westwood.  Famished, I scoured the streets for something to sink my broke ass teeth into as quick as possible.  Mission accomplished.

Lots of tasty sauces to put on your pita.  I got the falafel, no regrets.

It's super tiny, and not that clean.  At least when I was in there.  Regardless, it's definitely worth a look if you find yourself in a similar position, but don't go out of your way.
While trying to decide somewhere to eat out in Westwood, our group passed by Falafel King.  I immediately saw the sign for Shawarma and decided we should recreate the end-credits scene from The Avengers.  

Not really, but I was curious to try some Shawarma.  If the Avengers liked it, it has to be good, right??  Well, Falafel King was only decent, if even.  One of my friends went with the falafel pita, and the rest of us went with a shawarma pita.  All in all, it took us 15-20 minutes for us all to get our food, which means whoever had their food made first had it go cold while waiting for the rest of us.  Sad day...

The first thing I noticed by just looking at the pita is that they like to stuff it with lettuce.  The pita was bursting from the seams, but it was mainly from the lettuce and not the meat they put in it.  Upon actually trying the pita, the meat itself was chewy.  We thought that the waiting would have been due to getting fresh, high quality meat since we literally saw them shave it off their giant skewer thing.  Yet, somehow the meat turned out to be not very tender.  More sadness...  Also, the hummus in my pita was so watery that it ripped through my pita and the bag holding it.  Most of my goodies ended up falling out before I finished.  I know I'm a messy eater when it comes to sandwiches, but I'd like to believe this one was more than just my fault!  

Overall, Falafel King seems like a good idea with ok prices (around $8 for our shawarma pitas), but the execution just seems off.  So, the next time the great hunger is upon me once more (props if you get the reference...  I'm sticking with the Marvel theme!), I'll probably check somewhere else to get my Shawarma fix.
I didn't think this place was so bad. The hummus was actually pretty gross and eggy tasting, but the chicken teriyaki dinner was good. My boyfriend had the falafel and I tried a bite and we both agreed it was pretty delish. The decor is somewhat plain, but I'm not a snob.
My fave kabob place near UCSD!!! 

Besides the terrible service, and the long wait, the food here is delicious. I typically order the chicken kabob plate, which comes served with long-grain, buttery rice and a light, lemon-y salad. The best part of this place would have to be their moist and deliciously seasoned chicken. 

Other than that, I was quite frightened by the old, non-English speaking folks who weren't very friendly at all. 

A little hint: I'd quickly enjoy my food and bounce! :)
I really like Ed's especially if you go there during a Phillies game. There's always crowd, a big flat screen, and the owner yelling at the players. Then again I'm kind of forced to like Ed's because it's the only place around where I live, besides Powelton, that I take I liking to. They also have great gyros, seriously great gyros.
I've never been disappointed. This is my favorite place to get gyros. The guys that work here are cool too.
Just a neat place to enjoy good food without any pretense that seems to accompany so many restaurants. The decor is slightly dineresque but the open kitchen keeps the boys entertained. Watching them cook the lavash in the open oven and bring it out piping hot and puffy like a balloon is just fun. 

We have tried the wraps and the open-faced pizza with egg. Not sure what it was called, but it looked good on the picture menu and we were right. Definitely something to try and enjoy.
I stopped in this afternoon and had a kafta kebob pita sandwich. The lamb is infused with some green leafy herbs; I couldn't exactly pin point what spices they used, but MAN was IT good. I think I may slightly prefer the shawarma, but I could definitely go for another kafta when I'm ready to switch things up a bit.
Just tried this spot out after starting a new job in the area. I was so glad to find something reasonably priced. Now I know why it's so much cheaper than anything else nearby. I've never had falafel as bland or dry as Amir's before. It was like sawdust, but flavored with a synthetic falafel seasoning from a packet. There was little else in the pita pocket except some bits of lettuce and a flavorless tomato.

I also ordered some kind of heavy, chewy, smelly dough that was posing as a spinach pie. I saw the spinach--I was looking RIGHT AT the spinach--but I couldn't taste any spinach when I was finally brave enough to taste the thing. 

I hate wasting a lunch (I'm still so hungry and am stuck in meetings for the next couple of hours), so please take this review to heart if you feel the same way.
I've only been to their Hipster Dance party, but it was epic.  I will definitely go back and dance my face off.
The Best Persian Restaurant in the San Gabriel  Valley and Pasadena area.


When you go to Persian restaurants they give you grilled tomato slices, onions cut up and chopped bell peppers. This place gives you a WHOLE MOTH$F$%$CING ONION, BELL PEPPER AND TOMATO GRILLED TO PERFECTION!

The meat is so tender, succulent and juicy. I was seriously blown away by this place. I went to the Huntington Museum with my cousins and we saw this place, its a little small restaurant but the food is incredibly good!

It is 100% halal and much better than Azeens Afghan in Pasadena, if you want great kebabs in Pasadena, look no further!

 Heidar Baba Kabob has the best sirloin steak beef barg!
large portions, well-marinated chicken with uber-smooth, well-balanced humus and their kick-ass, crave-able garlic spread! not the best-looking spot (basically old school burger king-equivalent seating) nor a particularly good spot to "hang out" but with their tasty food and great prices, especially taking into account their portions (forrest y and i split their number 11 and it usually lasts us 2 meals), zankou's is our go-to chicken spot!
I can't say that I share the general public's apparently unmitigated love for East Side Pocket. It's decent Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food served fast. Nothing more, nothing less. The salad with tabbouleh that I had during my first visit was pretty disappointing, but subsequent visits have turned me on to their gyros (even if the lamb meat inside is somewhat suspect), Syrian bread, and hummus. It's undoubtedly Thayer Street's best bet for this sort of cuisine (their falafel beats that of Providence Byblos any day), but not my first choice for a meal on this side of town.
Great place! If you're looking for decent Mediterranean food and specifically Lebanese food, this is one of the best restaurants in Boston-Cambridge. The prices, food variety and service make the place an exceptional gem in the heart of Central Square in Cambridge. 
This place is managed and run by a family from Lebanon. 
To those who enjoy a tasty beer with excellent Lebanese food (hummus for instance) I would recommend trying Almaza Beer. It's authentic Lebanese beer and I am sure you'd like it once you've tried it!
I highly recommend this restaurant. A great place for a tasty meal and exceptional atmosphere.
Saca's serves the best baba ghanoush (even better than the stuff I make at home) I've ever tasted.  This place also serves a heavenly falafel sandwich... I sometimes get nostalgic over it, and would even say that I form my criteria of what a falafel sandwich should be based on this one.  I have done shooters of the tahini sauce out of little plastic ramekins, and recommend that you do the same in between bites of the already dripping and crunchy goodness.
NOT GOOD...

mediocre plates, dry meat....

If you're ever jonesin' for Mediterranean, this place will NOT hit the spot. 

You've got plenty of other options that are nearby to do that for you.

PS. this place made my tummy very upset (and i've got a strong tummy!)

(the pita bread is not good either)

pita sandwich -- bottom was so soggy, everything just fell right through..
price -- okay
Dear Zankou Chicken,

you are ridiculous. ridiculously good, seriously I am salivating thinking about you as I write this review.  I usually order the white meat chicken plate that comes with pita hummus and the garlic sauce.  The chicken can be a little tough, but white meat isn't usually super tender anyways!  Now let me just say prior to Zankou the best hummus I had ever had was in England (random yea, i know), but when I'm not across the pond...you, Zankou my dear is one of my favorite places to get hummus it is TO DIE FOR. it is SO RICH AND CREAMY oh and do not get me started on the garlic sauce...is it laced with crack? because it is SO addicting-ly good.  Food here is great and the price isn't too bad either, I'd say it's pretty fair for what you are getting.

Your Pasadena location is pretty spacious nothin too fancy looking on the inside.  Service was fast and average(?) I don't expect to become best friends with the cashiers anyways i just want my chicken/hummus/ and garlic sauce to be quite honest.
I go to a lot of Hookah lounges but this one is the best. The service is professional and they really know what they a doing. Providence has too many guido conversions of shady spots into "hookah lounges" but this is the real deal.
Cedars ranks among the restaurants I've been to, with the absolute worst service ever. The hostess, the daughter of the owner, is just downright rude. The owner is even worse, as are the waiters. They barely look at you as you're seated, they toss the menus at you, and the waiters just throw food on the table without even breaking stride as they speedwalk past your table. Good luck asking for anything like extra napkins, silverware, condiments or anything else, even if they forgot something as vital as a place setting. The food is is pretty good, which is why this place used to be packed and why people put up with the horrid service. I, for one, won't stand for service that is so far from being even remotely acceptable, so I went once a few years back and will never be back.
Tasty, cheap & fast....what more can you ask for? While the falafel itself doesn't set a standard it's certainly adequate and the side dishes that include all kinds of delish dips and salads are very good. I particularly liked the lentil salad and the cabbage salad. Every dish comes with homemade potato chips and the condiment bar with it's various spicy relishes, salsas (huh?) and hot peppers is fun for those who like a little burn. I ate outside at their clean and comfortable furniture while enjoying the diverse two-legged scenery. The inside seating was pretty non-descript  and not very hospitable.
Hands down, one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in the area. One of those combo plates can actually feed two people (comes out to about 9 bucks). I always have left overs if I eat it alone. The beef shwarma is really good. It comes with pita bread, hummus, radish, tomatoes, and meat for wrap. My friend loves the half chicken plate, but I'm not a fan of chicken.

Make sure you ask for the garlic sauce which is AMAZING.
First of all, I want to thank you Yelp!  I couldn't find this place without you!
I was studying at library with my studying partner.  Around 5pm, I was so hungry, and all I could think about was FOOD!  So I went on Yelp and found this place.  I asked my studying partner whether he wants to come here for dinner.  He was debating either to get pizza or this place.  I gave him a lot of reasons to convince him to come here such as 4 stars, one $ sign, and close to school.
So we got there with very very hungry soul!  We ordered Fish and kabob plate.  They are so nice, they warning us about the waiting.  After around 15-20 minutes wait, O.M.G. 

THE KABOB IS DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!  

I love their rice!  Even though I am not a big fan of rice, I think they really can cook the rice!  

My friends, this place is GOOD!
I hope these guys get it together... there was no communication between the cashier and the guys making the pitas, so after paying (six and a half bucks for basically the equivalent of a six-inch sub!!), you had to go elbow into the mob that was hovering around the pita-makers, and shout your order at them.  All this would have been worth 2 or 3 stars, but the line was crossed when a customer came back with a pita she had started eating (as in: she had put it into her mouth already, and taken it back out of her mouth), and she wanted them to add more stuff to it.  As beaten down by the growing mob as they already were, they didn't have the wherewithal to refuse, so the guy took her bitten-into pita into his hands, set it back on the food prep counter, unwrapped it, and added more stuff to it.  So gross.  If I weren't about to die of hunger and humidity I would have canceled my order and gone somewhere else.
Best falafel in Seattle! Clean environment and friendly staff. Required eating pre or post film (Varsity, Neptune, Grand Illusion).
1. biiiiig portions
2. well done meat
3. balsmati rice (yay)
4. they leave you alone to study
5. hummus is delicious
6. balsmati rice
7. bottled yogurt which should be illegal
8. balsmati rice
Workers seem like they'd much rather be making falafel elsewhere if at all. Not worth the wait or the attitude. Don't bother unless this is your only option.
Sepal might possibly be the healthiest choice you can get at the MIT Student Center. They actually have real vegetables and shit.

-Chicken Maklouba. Very delicious. The rice is a little oily, but full of great taste. Chicken very tender. I really recommend adding the hot sauce. However, if you go at night, they run out of the chicken maklouba meat and give you a chicken kabob instead. It's not as good. 

-Fresh Fried Falafel Rolled Pita Sandwich. It's pretty good. Can be kinda dry. But it's good, especially if you like falafel. 

Prices were raised recently, though. Boo.

Poor drink selection too. 

Sepal is a solid choice in the student center. Definitely adds some variety which is good, and the food is always at least ok and relatively healthy.
This time around I tried the roast chicken and the falafel platter. The falafel platter has the same great falafel as in the sandwich, but they could give you some better greens. The roast chicken was a disappointment; it could have been brined or something to give it some more flavor. They have a garlic sauce which is extremely, extremely pungent. yes, I've had Zankous and Ani's Chicken and many other garlic sauces and love them all, but this one is 5 times as pungent, like biting into raw ground garlic.
My friend and i went in for a quick bite for lunch, the falafel wrap was really good.  The kafta kebob wrap was good too, tho the meat was a little dry.   The few sweets they sold were very delicious!  I'd defintely go back and do recommend.
Oh, the eggs florentine are TO DIE FOR!!  I have to agree with Ligaya--they are just perfection. I am so excited that I found a place where you can still have a yummy breakfast at any time of day for under $5 easy. This mom-and-pop spot is not fancy; it looks like a greasy spoon, but the food is actually not very greasy at all. I love the exposed brick and art on the walls. While the booths are spacious, the tables could use a more vigorous wipe-down. 

But this is just a small quibble, because between the boy and I, we demolished a stack of GINORMOUS pancakes (interesting cornmeal type batter) slathered in butter and syrup, eggs florentine, and a platter of 2 eggs, 2 sausages and veggie-ful home fries for like 12 bucks. Can you beat that with a stick!?  I think not!

I love a home-cooked breakfast, and Brookline Lunch certainly delivers. The parking situation can be a bit tricky as there are very limited metered spots on Brookline St., but you'll be well rewarded for the effort.
Makes a great falafel, and fast!

This place is predominantly for take-out. There are tables but it's a no-frills type of place.

Sometimes they'll close before posted closing hours and sit at the counter shrugging at me like they can't imagine why I would want to come in.
OMG! WOW! YUM! DELISH! 

This place is the bomb-diggity. I crave it weekly. These guys are super fast during lunch when the line can snake out the door. Don't fear. It's worth it.  

Did I mention it was amazing?
It's true, the wait is forever! But! There is a but...the food is fresh and delicious. I like how they have a mini grocery store within their restaurant. They have some interesting spices that I want to add to my collection. I would suggest calling your order in advance. It will save you time and the pain of no food in your stomach.
Claremont has one of the best downtowns in the Eastern San Gabriel Valley. It has this sort of Nor-Cal feel/ charm/ sexiness to it! Hence why my friend and I found ourselves here one night. The guy at the counter was super polite and talkative, kind of like someone's Grandpa, but a little cooler. I ordered the falafel plate, and my friend ordered the Chicken Shawerma plate, and we just split between us. I gotta say their Falafel is pretty darn good, hummus is average, and the garlic paste has the ability to ward off vampires for years. For 10 bucks a pop, (including drinks) it isn't too bad of a deal. So...OPA!
Bella Pita is a hidden gem among the myriad of restaurants in Westwood.  I always walk by and never notice it because it's small, not fancy, and blends in with the stores around them. Plus, being near In-n-Out, Fat Sal's, and Gushi, I can see why I often overlook this place.

However, Bella Pita is an amazing gift that I wish I had found earlier.  For the price you pay for other mediocre and overpriced foods in Westwood, Bella Pita is a steal for less than $10 for amazing pitas and wowshis.

The workers there are all really nice and give you a lot of recommendations if you're unsure of what to order or what toppings to add to your order.  I got the Chicken Wowshi with cheese and it was oozing with goodness.  I'd skip on the cheese next time (almost an additional dollar to add it) and just load up on the toppings.  Really up to you, but lettuce, cucumbers, peppers, hummus, and the white sauce (and some hot sauce for a kick)--and your meal is complete.

Definitely satisfied after my meal here and they give you a whole pita cut in half.  One half fills me up and I save the other to enjoy the amazingness later.
This place is one of my favorites and I definitely don't go here enough.  On top of having awesome gyro and falafil sandwiches, the prices are great, and I love how its set up with a bar and bar stools to eat at while you can watch the guy who works there make the food.  They always have some nice tunes playing as well.

This place also won my heart over when my friend and I, several years ago as drunken 21 year olds, had to outrun some scary guys who were chasing us late at night after the bars closed.  We were rescued and let inside Aladdin falafel corner, told to hide in the bathroom, and the dude who worked there threatened to call the cops on the guys who were following us. We were allowed to hang out there until it was safe.  It was extremely nice of them when they could've just turned the other cheek and not become involved, which is what most other people in seattle probably would've done!!
super yummy food and cool atmosphere, as always.  i've been seeing music there for years   (i'm old!!!)  and the music and the beer has always been satisfying.  took a friend there for lunch the other day, since it's been a while since i've enjoyed their homemade food.  HOLY MOSES!!!  just as amazing as i remembered it.  they reallly have the market on stuffed grape leaves.  i make them myself, but it's easier to buy them from someone else!!!  most greek or mediteranean places in boston use canned or processed grape leaves.  L.A.M.E.!!!!!  how dare you insult the mighty dolmas????!!!????  anyway, the middle east service was SUPER great.  a fairly busy lunch, and our server was mellow and attentive and just plain cool.  it's how things go at the ME.  we ate like olympians!!  two orders of grape leaves, hummus, baba ganoush, string beans with tomato sauce, salad, bloody marys...??? am i forgetting anything???  it was all amazing.  can't wait to eat there again!
Really bad, stay away. Fried eggs were cold (!) and home fries and salad were old and soggy. Awful.
This was my first time trying Mediterranean food. I ordered the humus and shared with my friend. My other friends ordered a chicken meal. I wish I did too cause it tastes soo much better with chicken lettus and everything. Next time I'll come with my family and pig outtt!
Wish I knew about this place during undergrad at UCLA. I finally decided to give this place a try and BAM it was delicious. I enjoyed the mix of carne asada meat with a mediterranean kick. It is one cheap good eat in Westwood.
Consistently books decent bands, good crowd, good food, good beer, never been disappointed just showing up for a random night of rocking.

Probably my favorite club for seeing bands.
The venue is pretty interesting as it is three different buildings making up the complex. The Corner seems to be the smaller of the three and it was fitting for the performers I came to see. Bartenders and staff are pretty attentive and make sure that you are not waiting long to get a drink.
I just came back from eating dinner at Stix, and it was my second time going.  I remember it being decently good the first time, but that could have been because I didn't pay for it.  Free food always tastes better.  =)

Second time around, however, was not so great.  Actually, I ordered the Spinach Salad and that was pretty good.  The skewers of beef and salmon I had on top, not so great.  The beef is too bland for my taste.  There's no marinade on it.  The salmon is so-so.  I think the biggest turn off is the price.  At almost $10 without a drink, no thanks.  I probably won't be coming back.
I met Emily F. at Algiers Coffee House on a Thursday evening for an early dinner.  I'm beginning to spend more time in the Harvard Square area so I've started exploring more of the restaurants, etc, in the area.  I'd walked by Algiers before but this was the first time I'd ever gone inside, and I was immediately charmed by the interior.  

The walls are painted a deep red, which I *loved*, and from the cool octagonal tables to the mirrored wall/windows scattered throughout the multiple floors and the winding staircase going up between different levels, I could spend hours here, tucked in a cozy corner, reading and drinking tea.  The food was good too; I got the lamb kabob sandwich and Emily F. got the eggplant, I believe; both were served with small salads, and the lamb was tasty and flavorful on a warm, grilled pita.  I also tried the iced Viennese coffee, which was strong and cinnamony, and I assumed it was supposed to be consumed without sugar, since there wasn't any on the table, which isn't usually how I take my iced coffee but I enjoyed it nonetheless.

The price for everything was reasonable, about $25 for the two of us combined.  Nothing was outstanding about Algiers but nothing was really disappointing either, and the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4 is that our waitress took *forever* to bring us the check, even after I made eye contact with her and (I thought) indicated we were ready to finish up.  Apparently she didn't catch my meaning, so while Emily F. ran to catch her bus I continued to wait, to the extent that I packed up my bag and went over to the bar and actually stood there while she rang up the check.  Not so cool. 

I would go here again because of the cozy decoration and the tasty food and coffee, but be prepared to take your time; if you're in a hurry, this might not be the place for you.
Dear JGarden:

I hope you had a happy holiday. I get to eat you in two days.

See you soon,

Emily
With a name like Kismet, I really wanted to like you. And with a vertical shawarma tower immediately visible upon walking in, I wanted to love you.

But, as it goes with so many unrequited love stories, it just wasn't meant to be. To be completely fair, I think that I erred first - I ordered the # 12 meza plate (with falafel, kibbe, hummus, dolma and tabbouleh salad) instead of listening to the repressed (as of late) shawarma fiend living in my belly. 

After awkwardly trying to find an un-awkward space while waiting for my to-go order, I carefully carried the plastic bag containing an (unbeknownst to me) badly-closed styrofoam container to my car. Once I pulled into my carport and lifted the bag from the passenger seat I realized that quite a bit of sauce had leaked out... all over my new car's front seat! When you're in the business of serving food doused with a heavy hand of your housemade garlic sauce, it's probably a good idea to package your to-go orders more tidily!

Once I sopped up the nightmare from 24th Street, I finally sat down to enjoy my meal... or, what there was of it. It was pretty disappointing to be greeted with a container overrun with parsley (oh hello, excessive amounts of tabbouleh salad!) and scant offerings of everything else. While the falafel pleased and the standout kibbe raised the bar of my otherwise underperforming meal, there just wasn't enough of a good thing to make me want to return for the supposedly specctacular shawarma. 

Sometimes, you should just listen to your gut... and other times, kismet dictates that you'll never meet. Hello and goodbye on the same night? Doomed love.
This used to be a wonderful restaurant, then it changed hands and now the service doesn't compare, the food is inconsistent, the spaces are not clean, and the atmosphere has gone downhill. I'm not sure why the owner sold the business; it was quite successful and immediately obvious that it was under new ownership. On the last and final visit, the waiter insulted one of his co-workers and repeatedly interrupted us while we were in conversation (obviously not in need of drinks or food). I'm glad I was able to find the recipe for mucver online--zucchini fritters with yogurt sauce--now I make my favorite Turkish dish at home.
Delicious cheap (and healthy) mediterranean options including an extensive ala carte menu and a cute grocery store for items "to-go" 

Tom's Tabooley has changed tremendously since my first visit here almost 3 years ago. They recently purchased the lot next door and expanded their space to include a room for live performances. I dropped in on a Monday night and was pleasantly surprised by the live entertainment playing what sounded like the love-child of soft-jazz and country music. 

Service is really friendly and the food is great. I recommend the hummus, tabooley (of course) and falafel wrap with fries. 

Note: They also serve coffee and the comfy booths and couches (with outlets) create the perfect studying environment. 

Whether you're looking for a quiet night out, a peaceful study nook, or just to satisfy your hunger... stop by Tom's Tabooley for your one-stop-shop!
I ordered, I paid, and 3 seconds later (I KID YOU NOT), my packaged food was sitting next to the register! and it was fresh, hot, and deliciousssss.

I had to get 2 containers of the garlic sauce, it is absolutely stupendous. why has it been so long since i've tried this place?! I hear they make their own chili sauce, but i was too busy grubbing on everything before i realized i forgot to open the chili container. 

I ordered the beef kabob plate, and my friends had the chicken kabob. the beef was seriously tender, and the chicken were nice big chunks.

Their hummus tastes fresh, and their pita comes warm! hooray!!

Beef kabob plate + small tzatziki = $8.75

even though the line gets really long (especially during peak hours), it moves really quick (hence my 3 second wait time). definitely a favorite.
In the ongoing quest to find a decent late night (halal for all you muslims!) eatery, Falafel Corner appeared like an oasis in a desert!

For all meat eaters, their lamb shawarma and their chicken is on point! Reef's cafe (now closed) set the standard but definitely the 'corner' trumps would be 'kings' and 'palaces' that exist in the boston area.

The portions here are balanced. They certainly do not give you too little meat, nor do they go overboard. I found this is the only place that is commensurate with my appetite, not leaving me wanting more or having to take home the rest.

Prices are extremely cheap; a dinner plate + drink will run you $8 and change. That is unbeatable. My only complaint is that it is cash only.

The decorum itself is simplistic yet almost paradoxical. The place is alive with modern egyptian pop music, while the walls are decorated with both Islamic and pre-Islamic ancient Egyptian art. it may be confusing for many to see verses from the quran juxtaposed with images of a pharoah's tomb; yet in order to see the bigger picture of life is to recognize the seemingly contradictory details. perhaps it will occur as you stand waiting for dinner, staring at the painting of a shaykh in souk while a woman is serenades you about love.
I thought this place would be pretty cool since I've passed it many times and it is always crowded. I tried it the other night with 2 of my friends and the waiter tried conning us into sitting in the VIP section (which is an extra $17), luckily it was a sauna up there so we moved and sat outside. For parties of 2 or more its an additional 10% service charge and for 4 or more, its 20% extra. And if you just want water, they give you bottle water...something else to pay for. It took us about 30 min to leave because no one came to our table to check on us and when we did get the check, my friend had to walk up to the waiter and give him the bill since he failed to return. NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN!
Huge fan of the Lunch Specials -- Huge.  

I personally like the Spicey Schawerma chicken -- comes with your choice of veggie or lentil soup PLUS a drink.  All for six bucks.  Seriously -- $6 bucks?  Amazing deal.

If you aren't into the lunch specials -- I'd rec'd the salads.  OMG .. so good.  I like the fattoush salad with chicken or the veggie salad.  A beautiful salad -- with a healthy portion -- and incredibly tasty.  =)
I've seen quite a few up-and-coming bands perform at the Middle East over the years.  And I've seen quite a few not-so-great bands perform there, too.  I've also seen some really interesting folks just outside the Middle East who like to hang around and cause a ruckus.  Sometimes those folks are better performers than the ones you'll find in the Middle East!  - .. but I digress.

This is a great little venue and a must-go for those who are into smaller bands and acts. You won't see Lady GaGa performing there - but you may see a Lady GaGa cover band that is just as good, if not better.  Performing at the Middle East is a rite of passage for musicians, just as attending a show there is a rite of passage for fans.  I'm proud to say I have been seeing shows there for more than twelve years - well before I even lived in Boston!

Depending on who is performing, you may find yourself a little crowded and sweaty.  However, the place is run really well considering, and you can at the very least feel safe once inside.  There are well-placed bars throughout which will gladly serve you free water all night (yes, there are places in town that really don't do that.)  The sound is decent enough.  

Remember, it's also a restaurant!  And it's always, always busy!  I'm not the hugest fan of the menu, but it certainly isn't bad.  Definitely worth the trip once in awhile, especially if you have a fun night of music ahead of you!
Best hummus super creamy, and the chicken is for teh yum.
I'm all for an armenian mexican fusion hijos!
good place and willing to try other items on the menu. First visit was good, no complaints.

Location: Good spot in downtown Claremont. however sometimes parking there gets horrible depending on the time and day.

Atmosphere: honestly reminded me of this old Hot dog place i used to hit up in Stockton (which i like). nice and pleasant cafe style.

Service: Order food and wait for it. 

Food: Pretty good, really nothing to complain about there. However i have only tried a few items on the menu, so i may need to revisit this post as time comes. 

Overall: pretty chill. im a fan, but nothing really which kept me on the edge of my seat wanting more.
The Good: 
their falafel balls.  the pickled turnips (i think that's what veg it is but in any case, give it time, you will end up wanting it w/your food)

The VERY Good: 
chicken slathered in zankou garlic sauce that MELTS in your mouth.  if you ask for an extra pita or two and/or garlic sauce they are usually kind enough to throw it at no charge.

The Not So Good: 
increased prices; instead of being a super awesome bargain, it's now just an awesome bargain.  for just about $10, a half plate combo can STUFF both me and my hubbs.

The Bad:
at this location, the parking in the back can be a real pain in the rear.  
; p
I came here once, and never again. This place is a complete and utter rip-off. They have music, but nowhere that you can dance and they had their alcohol license taken away so you can't drink. You basically go to eat mediocre food and smoke mediocre hookah and spend an insane amount.

Do yourself a favor and don't go here. If you want hookah with your dining experience, go to ANY other hookah lounge.
Something about there pizza that i've never really been a fan of. the insides nicely done.
I used to work downtown and loved grabbing lunch at Falafel King. I now work in the U-District and though there are falafel places aplenty, I have yet to find one that I actually like. Until today, when I discovered that there was a Falafel King 2 on the Ave. Hurray! Now my Shish Tawook and Falafel plates are just a short walk away. So tasty, and totally worth smelling like garlic all afternoon. 

(The downtown location is teeny-tiny but the U-District spot has a cute little dining room)
4.5 stars-Great deal. Huge fresh plates of everything under $10. Ordered vegetarian plate,hummus tabbouleh were freshly prepared and just wonderfully prepared. Owners friendly willing to help with the menu,good ambiance if bare bones interior.
Zankou chicken addiction, that's all I'm sayin.  If you're not looking for fancy decor or service and just want some darn good Mediterranean grub, this is your place.

Whenever we are in Pasadena we stop at Zankou to get our chicken kabob, steak kabob, hummus, rice, garlic sauce fix.  Yes, we love and order it all!  Just writing about it makes me salivate.

Don't miss out - ignore the haters.  You'll enjoy every last grain of rice.
This place is fine for the basics. Their falafel is really crispy, sometimes almost too much so, but if you're craving the fried crunchy taste it hits the spot. In the Columbia neighborhood there's almost no such thing as a cheap meal, so the $3.50 falafel pita is a bargain.

But definitely stick to the simple stuff. The salad I had a while back was so tangy it upset my stomach. Today I tried "The Moroccan," a plate of couscous with vegetable stew. It managed to be both tasteless and bad-tasting at the same time, not to mention kind of soggy. And, unlike the sandwiches, it was *not* cheap. Since it came with pita and salad, and I got it with falafel, I luckily didn't leave hungry, but I won't stray from the straight and narrow path again.
The food is quality, I especially love the lamb shawarma. However, depending on who is working the service can be either very great or very shoddy. The owner is very nice and courteous, but one of the employees seems to have a temper. I asked for tap water to go with with my meal and he filled it up and slammed it to the counter top in a fit of anger unprovoked. 

I'm not the kind of person to go out looking for munchies at 3am, but I guess you can't complain about the hours.
I don't get how anyone can like this place... the idea of being stuck in a basement with pipes right on top of you
The bathrooms are completely disgusting

The only reason I go there is because Russian concerts tend to take place at that dump
Hmmmm...I TRIED to like this place because I LOVE anything in pita bread but I just couldn't lie to myself. I don't know...the food here is so so. There are about 4 things on the menu (ok, I exaggerate - there are 6). The dine-in space is smaller than my cupboard (I don't know why they even bother). It's just not very good at all.

The beef wowshi is soooo bland. And I ordered it more than once just to make sure it wasn't my problem. It wasn't. It's just bland. Period. And for something that almost $5.00, I expected WAY more (I mean portions aren't huge either). Same goes for their tuna pita.

Basically, I'm not impressed. At all.
By far the best falafel in Ann Arbor.  A great, fun cheap eat.  Not living in Ann Arbor I still have cravings every once in a while.
I think I'm in love. The way they spiced the meat of the lamb shwarma. The 50 cent side of tahini. The enticing items on the menu -- how on earth can they fit it all in that tiny kitchen? I don't know yet, but I intend to go back and find out....dish by dish. When I walked in I espied rows of whole eggplants roasting on the grill. This is a very, very good sign.
Had the super falafel, it was like a Mediterranean burrito, filled with potatoes , hummus, tahini, lettuce, and some of the best falafel balls I have EVER had. This is saying a lot because I have traveled to egypt to eat falafel and I didnt find anything as good. The super falafe was good, but I would stick to the plates.
Meh, nothing memorable, not planning on returning.
Greek...yes please....

Kismet Cafe on 24th, right off the drag, is a great lunch location...especially with the 5.55 combo.  Not only do you get your choice of Sandwich, but you also get fries or chips and a drink.

It is filling as well.  I got the regular gyro, suggested by the order taker, and while it was delicious, both my friend and I got a couple of crunchy grains in the gyro...I wonder what it was.  Pepper, little pieces of bone, salt...I really do not know.  The sauce with the meat was nice and tangy/smooth.  The fresh lettuce and tomato gave it a good cool balance to the meat.  Besides this perplexing issue, it tasted great and the fries were awesomely seasoned and pipping hot/crispy...right out of the fryer!

Served its purpose for being extremely affordable and nice for a quick lunch.  Love the little outdoor seating as well.
Their falafels are good, I don't know if I'd go far enough and say they are the best I've had but they're good. Their prices are slightly higher than other places around campus on some plates. Oh and they are opened on some random times, you always have to check before hand because I've wanted to go here but it seems to be closed more often than other restaurants. I want to try the chicken kebab plate before I graduate Cal since I tried their shawarna plate, it was good but you have to really like hummus because the chicken was floating on top of the hummus.
The whole experience was so appalling and atrocious that it was actually hilarious! Hahahahah! I'm still laughing about it a day later. I thought for a while that my friend and I were being punked. 
We blame ourselves really for even sitting down in the very beginning on that coal singed seat and to a table that had a large puddle of water on it. It took about 15 minutes to be acknowledged by the waiter who was so slammed that he was able to take frequent hookah breaks during the time we were there. $3.50 for Lipton tea hahahahahaha! Rofl. A Greek salad made with white onions, sandy lettuce and Italian dressing! The salad was supposed to come with bread but it didn't arrive with the salad it finally came when we asked for it much later, naturally. We were never brought water until we were asked for it and then at one point we were asked to move our seats because they were expecting a large party that actually never came. The cherry on the cake was that they don't accept cash and nowhere does it say that. On a positive not, I did get quite a work out waving the waiter down as many times as I did, flailing my arms wildly completely foregoing proper composure. Actually, my friend and I had a really good laugh right after we held each other and weeped in each others arma for the mistake we had just made. The best thing about it actually was we were made to feel like we were being done a favor by being allowed to dine at the world famous premiere v.i.b. patio that is the Habibi Cafe.
Although service can be a little wishy washy the food here is amazing.  It's fast, delicious, and can be taken on the go.

Best hummus in town!
I know falafel is one of those things you either love or hate ... and I LOVE falafel! I've been to Jerusalem Garden about 5 times now and have always had a great experience. The staff is friendly, the service quick (even when you order take out when you get there) and, most importantly, the food is awesome. The falafel sandwich, shish-kabob sandwich, and hummus w/ pita are all awesome ... now I just need to branch out a little on the menu and try the baklava that I've been eying in the display case !!!
Signs you have come to a good place to eat.

1. The line is out the door and indoor and outdoor seating is packed.
2. They have only 10 items on the menu-- so you know each one is delicious
3. No Tax, so what you see is what you get
4. Fast Friendly Service- skipping the attitude

Come to Mediterranean Cafe! My co-worker and I were thinking of Chipotle next door, but all of a sudden, I suggested to try Mediterranean Cafe. Quickly agreed and boy were we happy.

2 Chicken Kabob lunches with drinks = $17.50. What a steal.  

The Kabob lunch plate comes with Greek Salad with a light dressing, the smoothest and most delicious hummus you will ever have, fluffy rice pilaf, and a huge generous portion of juicy and tender chicken that has been perfectly marinated and grilled. Other goodies include pita, "garlic sauce" which tastes the same as Zankou, and a spicy chili paste.  Other things I have heard that are good were the Chicken Shwarama Plate and Lamb Kabobs are quite good as well.

*Tip- you can ask for all salad and no rice in your kabob lunch for no additional cost.

*Tip- add some of your garlic paste into your hummus and it adds a whole other flavor that is delicious

*Tip- order extra pita. You will thank me later.

Fast, friendly, healthy, delicious. Awesome! They are only open until 7pm on the weekdays so this is mostly a lunch joint. It makes Daphne's taste like poop.

Worth trying for sure!
Delicious food, casual atmosphere.
ah bella pita! my favorite discovery of the year! hidden in the brick building squished between in n out and buck fitty's/gushi on gayley, bella pita is a delicious treasure just waiting to be found (and is being found by many!) and so, making up for the lost time without bella pita, i've been going there to eat at least once a week since January. 

the wowshi has the best bread of all the choices on the menu, that is soft and baked fresh--sealed with your choice of chicken, ground beef ("burger"), bean, just cheese, or "omlette." inside.  Served and cut into two halves, and  with the option melted cheese inside in addition to your choice.  Also a plus of the wowshi is stays put together better after stuffing it with everything from the condiment bar than the other fresh bread, pita.  however, the wowshi 'filling' choices are just slightly less enticing than choices of steak and falafel in a regular pita. 

in the end the choice comes down to what do you feel like more, the filling choices of the pita, or the desire for a wowshi.  (plus the pita comes as just one pita, whereas the wowshi comes in two halves, so this could also be a factor if transportation is an issue) 

in either case, you get to then stuff your pita/wowshi with the items in the condiment bar.  cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, hummus, tahini sauce (white sauce), and "hot hot" and "hot" sauce (similar to harisa sauce served at some kebab places) are my personal favorites for toppings.  but there is also lettuce, peppers, olive oil, herb sauce, lemon dressing, and more for you to personalize your pita.  all delicious, and all guaranteeing a messing eating :-) 

also, they offer the sides of french fries and  fried cauliflower. though the home-fries style of their french fries are pretty good, you can always get that next door at in-n-out, go for the fried cauliflower--pretty delicious especially if you dip it in the tahini/hot sauce.   

though i'm never quite hungry enough to choose one of their "meal deals",   i almost always get a coke--glass bottle, and with real sugar (from mexico) which washes it down quite nicely, and the  martinelli's apple cider looks pretty tasty too.  but you can always ask for a glass of water if neither of these drinks nor their choice of snapple is what you desire.  

i do wish though they would lower their prices a little, but it's so delicious you forget by the time you leave the 3-stool / counter hole in the wall on gayley.  (and maybe some chairs outside too would be nice!)
It's been over three years since my last review though I've been going here eight years and running. Eight years! There's hardly a thing I've committed to that long besides breathing. And despite the hipster takeover, economic roller coaster, putting three kids through college and aporkalypse, I'm happy to report they're still serving up the same scrumptious eggs florentine piled high with grilled vegetables and doused with fresh hot sauce. In fact, I'm making a list inspired by the proprietor entitled "Awesome Owners."

Yeah, yeah, kvetch about the film on the tables and dust in the cracks, keep the crowds away and leave the tables open for the folks who understand the magic of a hearty five buck breakfast with a smile.
I like this place, but its a little over priced, and it takes too long to get your food!  The food is ok.  I was disappointed with the garlic sauce...I still can't understand how a sauce made of pure garlic could be so TASTELESS! The pita bread is nothing special, you could get a ton of it at your local indian or mediterranean store...the humus is ok...i could make better at home...come to think of it...i could cook ALL these dishes at home...but if your in the area, and your into some "fast" mediterranean food than i would recommend it.
Great soup, salads, dips, and appetizers. The falafel itself was actually my least favorite thing, being a little too hard (maybe overcooked). The falafel plate was served over a bed of yellow rice with lots of delicious garlic sauce (this place does NOT screw around when it comes to garlic). Both of the lentil soups I've had were great, one a peppery yellow lentil soup, the other a rich clove & cinnamon flavored green lentil. Awesome on a cold day. I also really like the zahra, a roasted (the menu said "fried") cauliflower dish topped with tahini.
This was my go to place to eat out quickly when I lived in the U-District. Their beef-lamb gyros are the best in Seattle. This place is probably the best eats in the U. Although Thai Tom is right next door which is good and all but I'd rather go here. The shop used to be really small and they have recently expanded. When they were small the service was fairly fast but now that it has upgraded it's spaced the speed of service has slowed a little. No biggy I'll wait for good food.
3.5 stars...
I never knew that there was a coffee shop/Middle Eastern cafe hidden behind the 40 Brattle Hall sign and I've been living near Harvard Square for 2.5 years now (and going to the eye doctor in an adjacent office). For shame. There were SO many people packed in there yesterday, warming up with drinks and snacks. I liked the upstairs, with its really tall ceiling and fun arabic wall decorations.

Anyways, finally made it there yesterday and got a hot cocoa and a Combination Plate full of hummus, taboule, baba ganoush, and um some rice/kasha combo with pita slices of course. It was more than enough for me and my friend and we both had a little to take home. I liked the food a lot but the service was mediocre. It took a long time to get attention, then our waitress interrupted our meal because her shift was over and she wanted to collect her tips. But then she accused both me and my friend of taking the Merchant Copy of the receipt (I did not - I think our waitress must have dropped it on the floor) and when we asked for 2 to-go containers were handed only one and, since we did not have any more utensils to split our leftovers had to use a pita to scoop it and it just put a bad ending on what started as a really nice afternoon with delicious fare in a lovely cafe.
The first time I ate at another Zankou years ago it was unmemorable at best. I'd heard the hype and my plate failed miserably. For some reason (possibly all the people who told me I was wrong), I tried it again. The second time I ordered the quarter dark meat combo and I've never been disappointed again. For me the white meat here is dry, but the dark meat is fantastic.

The best part is the skin, but that's usually my favorite part. If the skin isn't good, I don't really care how Foster Farms the damn chicken is, it's an epic fail without a tasty and unique skin.

Sides are okay, the pita bread is always hard in the middle for some reason. the hummus and garlic sauce are good. 

Service here ranges from uninterested to down right rude depending on the day, today was mostly uninterested so it was a good day.

Food - B+ (chicken A-)
Ambience - D
Service - D
Value - B+
I want to love this place, I really do.

When I first moved to Cambridge from the 'burbs nearly two years ago, I dreamed of walking out my front door and being able to grab a yummy, easy lunch.  When I learned that the closest restaurant served falafel, I was very excited.  While I have never had a truly horrible experience here, I have never really had a great one either.  

The food varies in quality pretty intensely.  Sometimes the falafel is moist and delicious, while sometimes it is pretty dry and crumbly.  The same is true of the gyro meat.  While they do make it on a spit in the proper way, it can be pretty dry sometimes.  Even though they charge extra for hummus, getting it on your sandwich is usually worthwhile to minimize potential dryness.  The staff have never been rude to me, but they have never been particularly friendly, either.  

Basically, if you are in the area and are hungry, feel free to check out Wrapro.  However, if you aren't too hungry, I would keep on trucking to Porter or Harvard where there are much better options.

Oh, if you *do* go to Wrapro, I recommend the homemade lemonade in their cooler, which is fantastic in the summer.
Not really into it.  The menu prices are cheap and the taste is definitely commensurate with the price.  Out of the eggs, sausage, home fries and french toast I ordered, the only thing that tasted above the level of cafeteria food was the french toast.  Service was great and everyone was really friendly, but the food didn't do it for me at all.  Doubt I will ever go back when there are a bunch of better options in the same area.
Consistently delicious.  Faves: chicken fattoush with rice pilaf and garlic sauce, falafel balls with hummous, lentil soup, and pistashio baklava.  It is a shame the parking has gotten more complicated, but it is worth the additional effort.
I really like the Middle East. I can't say anything about the food, because I have only been there for shows, but the venue itself is a lot of fun. Downstairs is kind of dungeon-y, but it can be a lot of fun. Upstairs is a smaller space, but I like it better...maybe because of the higher ceilings? Anyway, its a good place to go for music, because they often have Battle of the Band shows, which are fun, and they always have plenty of acts on the other nights. I recommend checking it out.
The best place to go for lunch. The service is fast and awesome and the food is so good! I always get the Chicken Schwerma and it's good. The platter and the wrap are good. Just thinking about it makes me hungry. A lot of people go. When they closed to go on vacation, the week they came back, the place was PACKED! The prices are really good too for all the food you get. The hummus is good and the salad too. Everything is good there!
Delicious, perfect, mouth-watering and very filling wraps, each and every time. During my time in Providence, we've eaten here several times and each time---YUMMMMM!!  I always get the chicken and gyro wrap. The chicken is grilled and has such a delicious flavor. I've had the falafel, too and it's just soo good. I'm getting really hungry just thinking about it.

It's a small place along Thayer with limited seating. Clean and well-kept. 

Please give their wraps a try, they are incredibly delicious and juicy and a bit messy with all the fillings and sauces dripping down your hands. But so yummmmylicious.
While I love the colorful, creative (and authentic-y?) décor of the place, the food ultimately left much to be desired, and can only be described as mediocre at best - especially perplexing considering the brilliance of ZuZu! food! Stick with the drinks and dancing, I say.
This place sports good Middle Eastern food, for under $20 you can have dinner with some drinks. They have shows here though I have never seen one. The decor is very attractive, and it is extremely convenient as it is in central square 3 minutes from the T.
This is kind of an exotic oasis in an area overrun with Chinese, Pizza and chain sub shops. I'm certainly no Lebanese cuisine expert, but I enjoy the Shwarmas and the kabob sandwiches for lunch. Tasty and fresh, either to go or eat in. Ambience... yeah, not so much, but the prices are extremely reasonable for overpriced and decidedly mediocre Montgomery Township. Always friendly service too.
In the heart of downtown Ann Arbor, right around the Liberty St. Post Office, there's a massively obnoxious construction project blocking access to basically a block's worth of stuff: Jerusalem Garden, Earthen Jar, and the downtown branch of the Ann Arbor District Library.

It is my sincere hope that all three of these places are so beloved, so devotedly sought out by their patrons, that they won't feel the pinch of this dreadful inconvenience.  

On Saturday, SK and I spent a peaceful and productive afternoon in the AADL, and then hopped down the street (well, we hopped own the street, were blocked by construction, backtracked, crossed the street, crept through the post office parking lot, crossed the street again, and climbed over some orange tape) for a late lunch at Jerusalem Garden.  The trek was so worth it. 

JG has a great outdoor seating patio (though its appeal will be much diminished, I imagine, in light of the construction), and a small indoor seating section back behind the take out counter and the kitchen.  We nabbed the last seats in the house.  

As everyone has noted, they nail all the basics you'd expect: falafel, schwarma, hummus, etc.  Always solid, always delicious, always reasonably priced, and always more than you can eat. 

What won me over (even more) yesterday was the lentil soup.  On a dreary, rainy, cool Saturday, it really hit the spot.  Hot, rich, and a little bit of spice.  Great to eat straight, or dip pita, and for less than $4, I got a generous and filling portion that practically could have been lunch in itself. I will be seeking out the soup again. 

We appreciated that about halfway through the meal, as the pita supply for our hummus was getting low, a passing server tossed a tall, fresh stack of it on our table, without us even asking.  Thanks!

For $19 and some change, we got a generous portion of hummus and pita, lentil soup, and two giant sandwiches (falafel with cucumber and yogurt for me, chicken schwarma with a falafel patty for him).  We each took home enough to have for lunch today. 

Yesterday's lunch reminded me that Jerusalem Garden is a great meal and a great deal, and I should come here more often!
I am Always on the lookout for Middle eastern eats.
Being a Detroit area transplant with the largest middle-eastern population outside of the middle east, I miss having good middle eastern eats everywhere you look.  
This place on the ave was okay.  Featuring an Egyptian flavor to things (they do have Foul) on the menu, they also feature the regular shawarma sandwiches and plates, falafels etc..

Stuff I tried:

Spanakopita (spinach pie) clearly microwaved.  Not great, but I ate all of it.

Foul: (not 'foul' like in 'foul-mouthed!) this is a staple of breakfast or brunch, essentially beans mashed up with garlic cumin, olive oil. I liked it.  Stick to your ribs stuff.

Lamb Shawarma plate: shaved lamb on rice pilaf and tahini sauce w/ side of hummus.  Not great but not bad.  Lamb was a bit grainy.  

garlic sauce: they charged 99 cents for a small side of this.  Very yummy, good shmeared on anything.  

total damage was only $18.

Overall, decent fare and pretty affordable. Might try the falafel next time as it apparently made some best of lists.
I was walking down Bancroft and I saw this little restaurant that claimed to have the best falafel in the bay area so I decided to call there bluff. This small little restaurant/cafe may arguably have the best falafel, it was very good. 

I highly recommend the avocado falafel, it is pretty money. also if your feeling frisky also get the baklava, the almond one. very money. this place is a safe bet if you are close to campus and want something pretty cheap. Also they accept credit/debit cards which is not so easy to find in that part of berkeley
Today was my first time at Hummus.  I always want to try as much as possible to get a feel for the place, plus I was hungry so I ordered the combination platter.  It came with shawarma, falafel, and lamb in this case for an extra $2 along with pita, 2 vegetable sides, and rice.  

The shawarma was nice and tender, flavorful.  The falafel has a nice crunch and was seasoned pretty well.  The lamb too was tender and tasted pretty good.  So far so good.  However for a place that is named Hummus, I was thinking that it must have fantastic hummus.  All I can say was that it wasn't bad per say but definitely not up to expectations.  It was a little too salty for my taste also.  The pita was too small.

Over all, this was a good place to go to grab a healthy lunch that is not expensive.  It won't wow you by any means but it will do.
I was in Downtown Claremont to check out vinyls at Rhino Records. As I was walking towards the store i felt hungry. I looked to my left and there was King Wrap. Didn't really know what it was. I came to find that it was Shwarma place. I ordered the Beef Shwarma and it was really good. I like the flat pita they used to wrap it. It was perfect. If you eat here, though, you have to be a little patient. It's definitely a mom & pops type of place where the owner makes the wraps in front of you, but it takes time. There was only one other person in front of me, but I waited about 15 minutes. Ahhh.. 1st world problems. I told you, i was hungry!
Keep in mind that this is fastfood, but the quality is great. This is a great place to eat when you're in Old Town Pasadena and want a tasty reliable restaurant.
I just recently started working in the Pasadena area and was meeting a friend for lunch.  His pregnant girlfriend was craving Mediterranean food so since we didn't want a cranky prego on our hands, we decided to eat here and he would take hers to-go.  

I am a fan of the food and the service.  It's quick and you're in and out of there in a few minutes.  They've got a good selection of food, but my favorite is the lamb kefta plate.  It comes with two skewers, rice (amazing), hummus (amazing) and salad.  

They've also got a little outdoor patio for dining and you can always find parking in the parking lot.
Another cheap eat, Their falafel is not as good as Romi's but they are really good. Another great thing about this place is they open very late, if you are hungry at 11:00pm and don't know which restaurant is open. Try them. It is a little tiny place with nice big taste!
They have the BEST gyros! I've only had gyros and baklava when I've been there, but I specifically go to Aladdin for the gyros - they are cheap and very flavorfully spiced - definitely worth checking out!

The wait can't be 5-10 minutes depending on how busy they are, but the staff is also very friendly and the U-District crowd can be entertaining.
This is one of the best persian restaurant I've been to.
I always get the yogurt shallot and the barg. Both are delicious!
I tried the chicken, chicken kabob and beef kabob. You can't go wrong with any.
Their rice is very tasty.
They do not have a good quality control when it comes to the bread though. Sometimes it is warm, sometimes not. Soft, sometimes crispy. I believe they might re-heat some old bread. Not sure though.
The portions are large and is more than enough for a person that eats well.
I'm not a fan of the rosewater ice cream, so I can't rate it.
Really good food, and reasonable prices... will be going back again!
As far as fast food goes, wonderful. 
A huge variety of fresh food, tasty , tangy and quick service.
Try the beef shawarma or spicy chicken shawarma roll ups.
The falafel with tahini sauce plus turnips and pickles. 
The vegetarian combos are a wonderful change to the drab fast food joints around.
The hummus and baba are the best.
Wish they made pepper or extra garlic hummus.
Yummy overall.
The food is quite good and reasonable. It can get busy at lunch and the owner does seem a bit frustrated at times, but he is always very kind and gracious. I love giving him the business and I love the taste of his food! I give it 4 stars because service can be hit or miss.
I'm a huge fan of falafels, and this place does it right.  It's a tiny hole in the wall, with an extensive menu.  My friend and I shared a Falafel wrap and it was plenty.  Instead of stuffing falafel balls in a pocket pita, they use a flatbread pita and roll up the falafels and veggies like a burrito.  Although I wish the falafel balls were hotter (instead of lukewarm), the flavors in the falafel wrap were spot on.  The tahini sauce, cucumbers, lettuce, etc. all worked together to enhance the flavors in this wrap.  Super delicious comfort food.
Hands down my favorite place to eat in Houston!

Great sandwiches, for a light meal or lunch; meanwhile, the dinners will satisfy your appetite, yet not leave you feeling overly full. I always order the Pirasa to enjoy with the bread as an appetizer. You should never leave without a shot of Espresso, and maybe some rice pudding.

Honestly, I can't find anything wrong with this place... well, other than the parking. Great service and great food, all at a great price. The few times I racked up a heavy bill were when ordering wine with diner, plus dessert and coffee, but those were special occasions, and it didn't damage my funds too much. I think I was just surprised I had actually spent as much as I did.
The food is not that great
I've already established in a prior review that Rustica in Northern Liberties has the best pizza in Philadelphia, but Ed's definitely lands at the top of list of favorite pizzerias. Expect to feel at home in the friendly, comfortable environment that is Ed's.

I never find myself ordering the plain slice here, mainly because I'm too infatuated with the buffalo and BBQ chicken slices. Those two are about as good as it gets in my opinion. The vegetarian and meat lovers slices are also go-to's if I'm just trying to snack down. Ed's has also managed to become the pizzeria of choice amongst the punks being one of the few in the area with a Vegan slice.

There aren't enough business owners anymore that really care about the relationships they have with their customers, so do yourself a favor and give your business to Ed.
This place is good. A solid meal. Unfortunately, I can't help but compare it to the Mediterranean place on Shattuck, near north campus, and Sunrise just doesn't hold up. The meat was over cooked and used sparingly. The pita was completely useless and fell apart making my lamb shwarma difficult to eat. The greek salad was great but too small for the price. I enjoyed the olives on the side and the pickled whatever-it-was. 

Like I said, the food is good, but I can get more and better for less closer to my lab, so I don't see myself frequenting this place but it's definitely an option for south side cuisine.
Good food. Everything else, leaves much to be desired. Slow service and way overpriced. $4.25 for wholewheat toast and $3.25 to add a few ham flakes to my omelette? I go there every few years. If I'm meeting folks at the Brattle ( right next door) and remind myself why exactly it's been a few years since my previous visit. If your not in a rush and money isn't an issue, I recommend but me and a friend met there a few minutes to 11 for brunch and made it next door with a few minutes to spare for our noon movie ( Algiers was NOT crowded).
If I lived in Cambridge this would be my go to place for sure.  I was only in the bar for a round but that was long enough to decide that this place has some history.  With a pint in hand I just sat here and took it all in.  Live music seeping in through another room, friendly bartenders who aren't too cool to actually chat with outta towners and a painting of Mark Sandman at the bar to watch over me.  Nice touch. I wish I had more time here because this immediately felt like home.
yum yum yummy.  got the lamb gyros, which was delicious and huge for the price of 5.99.   also got a beef shawarma which i have not tried yet.  baklava was tasty also.   only downside is the day we where there, they were extremely slow, and seemed to be alot of confusion in the kitchen, like, this is my first day working here kind of thing, so beware that you may have a wait.
One of the worst Gyro's I've ever eaten.  The meat was old and confusing looking.   The tatziki had NO flavor. and they pack the thing so full with lettuce that you cannot even physically eat it... but that's okay, you probably don't want to eat it anyway after the first bite.
I love this place. Lots of great mixed drinks. Good food (The zuzu pupu platter is great to split with a couple friends. The guac and salsa is a little superflous and I'd prefer more whipped garlic and more of the like, but it's still a good way to fill up, have a variety of food, share with friends, for a pretty good price.)  

Most of the nights are free. So it's worth just stopping in to check out what's going on. Soul-le-lu-jah is a fun, unpretentous good time. 

I debated giving this place four stars because of this one asshole bartender. But I haven't been there in a while and maybe he's gone.
First, I was impressed that even with the doors open, it was nice and cool inside. We went upstairs and found a nice table in a semi-private corner... Until we realized the mirrored wall was actually the men's room. Oopsie. My buddy and I giggled every time a dude took too long in the WC, making me think, "How old am I? FOUR??"

I ordered the falafel plate based off of some reviews I read on Yelp. The falafel was good, but pretty heavily seasoned. Tahini sauce was perfect: nutty, tangy, and just a little sweet & spicy. THe fries that came with the dish were awesome: crispy and light, with almost a potato chip type of crunch. The side salad was ... okay. Not good, not bad. The pita was pretty dry, but was fine once dunked in the vat of tahini. Ooh, I also got a raspberry Italian soda, which was lovely. 

I'll come back when I can drink coffee and the mint tea. Mmmm.
this place is fantastic.  I always get the chicken shawarma wrap with a side of grape leaves, and I always leave happy!  And on top of that, it's pretty cheap.  Seriously, I didn't even know I liked shawarma until I ate at this place.  In my opinion - way better than Zankou, and that's saying something.

Practical advice: It's crowded, so I recommend snagging a table if you see one open, and have someone else in the group order for the designated table saver.  Parking can be a pain during lunch - the 20 minute spots really do mean 20 minutes... I've seen people get tickets. And this place is made for the regulars. Let's just say, if you get to the front of the line and start asking questions about  the menu, or you can't decide what you want, be prepared to get death stares from everyone. Me included :)
Fast service, delicious wraps, and there's an express lane for those who just want falafels etc. Also, if you tip $1 they'll give you a free piece of baklava.
This place is really a 3 and a halfer for me.  It's good but nothing that great or different than other good mediterranean places ... although for the village I think this is the best one.  It's quick, you can even call in the orders, the staff is friendly, big enough to find a table to sit and enjoy your meal.  I ordered the hummus which was a bit too lemony for me but everything else was yummo.  I'll definitly be back for lunch (since I work in the area) when I have a craving but not really running back here.
Came here last week during lunchtime (and perfect, beautiful weather) and sat at the patio with two other friends. Parking is a bitch but if you circle around enough like a vulture, you'll find someone walking to their car. Me and my friend actually saw this restaurant featured on television one night and decided to try it because the food looked delicious.

I ordered the doner gyro and was quite disappointed when it arrived. Very sparse amount of meat with a ton of pickled cabbage and other veggies. The bread was really delicious though. But for $6, it's not worth it to me, especially with the time it took to park. I left not hungry, but not particularly satisfied either. I probably won't come back, unless someone tells me what I should have ordered..
Delicious. 20+ people in line at lunch time. However, SUPER FAST service. Friendly.

I like the lamb kebab. Their hummus is not my favorite; however, it is still pretty tasty.
This is the best Mediterranean place in the San Gabriel Valley area.  Their chicken shawerma wrap or plate is spectacular.  It's too bad I am pretty far from Pasadena now, but when I am craving for Mediterranean food and I am around the area, I know this is the place to go.  The place gets packed during lunch time, and for a good reason.  I would eat here everyday if I had the opportunity.  Highly highly recommended.
Zankou Chicken has the best quality chicken and garlic side ever! Family run business for 50 years and i been a fan for 35 of those 50 years! Two thumbs up!
I really like this place--I go there for falafel, and the people are nice, prompt, and make an awesome wrap. Also, the grape leaves are particularly excellent.
This place is great - after a late night at Middlesex we stopped here - they make the wraps fresh (it takes some time to make the falafel wrap). 

Except for the big 6'4'' drunk dude that tried to cut the guy behind me and almost started a melee, it was a good night. I totally recommend dropping by here and with the 3AM closing time, it's usually convenient!
Hello shawerma wrap!  It's perfectly sized and they load it with juicy meat and that garlic spread...plus they give you a side of pickled something or other.  Can't beat it for only $5.00!  Also a fan of their tabbouleh salad with some pita bread! I will def be back for more...probably for that bomb looking chicken everyone else is eating! 

Only cons: garlic breath and small parking lot. Oh well, that's what gum and patience are for.
Kismet means fate, fortune, and/or destiny.  I've always liked this name when I frequently passed by it as a student.  

This is my second visit after many years.  I had the opportunity to go with a couple of my friends this time around and asked the employees how long this location has been established -- 23 years and going!

First off, I had the dolmas, they are served cold, but I asked them to please microwave them hot for me. :)   I highly recommend the specially seasoned bbq chicken labled as P-9, it was super delicious....as well as the tabouli that was served with that plate.

I really liked their tabouli there, it had couscous in it, and it was seasoned just right.   The speed on service took a little time, the environment is casual, with extra surprise seating upstairs.  I'd very much like to return and enjoy this cafe and meal combination again.   Thank you for reading!
I would liek to visit again and agin, but it's quite far off.  I first time I visited Cedar, I loved the grape leaves. The vegetable cutlets and samosas were tasty. The naan was soo soft. Onion Kulcha and Paneer naan were gr8. Be carefule while ordering Indian bread. They will be big enough for two ppl. All the vegetable curries ordered were delicious. The dal was very tasty. The service is good.
If you're near campus and ever in need for a fix of some gyros or a pita, this is definitely the spot to come to. I usually get the P2 which is lamb meat, rice, the tabouli (which you can substitute for hummus), dolmas, tzatziki, and pita. This platter will fill you up. The lamb meat is meaty and tasty. You can wrap it all up in the pita that is included, and you have yourself a little wrap. The falafel, which I'll order extra, are also good.
I actually would give it a 4.5 stars. It's so cheap and so good, especially their pico de gallo. Of course, I get the traditional falafel but everytime I go into westwood with my intentions of going to another restaurant, I just want to stop at falafel king and eat there instead. The people make your food pretty fast too.
I've only been to Zuzu's for Soulelujah, so that is what I'm basing my review on. 

Constantly voted one of the top dance nights in the city, Soulelujah is a great place to let loose for a mere $5 cover charge. It gets packed quick, which is great, but note that this is a verrrry small place. Here's my advice... I suggest wearing clothes you don't really care about or that aren't dry-clean only, because they will definitely get sweaty and booze-covered by the end of the night. Also, don't wear too many clothes, since it gets effing hot on that dance floor. And don't wear sandals if you plan on dancing because your feet will definitely get stepped on. Oh, and if you're on the shorter side, don't be surprised by the constant beer showers from other party-goers showing off their dance moves. 

One of the greatest (and funniest) parts of this place is the hand sanitizer station on the wall next door (in the Middle East "Upstairs") - I recommend rubbing it all over your body before you leave. Did I mention this place is small and gets packed? And the sweat and beer? Etc.? Definitely take a shower when you get home! :p 

Oh, and you'll have a super kicka$$ time if you let yourself go a little crazy and don't take yourself too seriously. :)
I love the atmosphere at the Egyptian; they are built in some kind of renovated garage and the garage door is often open during the evenings in the summer. This creates a delightful breeze and just a fun atmostphere in general. The service has always been pretty good, and the hookah is decent as long as you splurge for the Premium tobacco flavors. The food I tried was always decent, too -- I love the spicy feta dip (but beware, it IS pretty spicy)!
Horrible service. I had arrived shortly after my friends and was not aware of the $10 service charge because I just walked in and sat down. I have been to many hookah lounges and this was not what I expected. Shortly after I sat down we decided to go elsewhere. I had not ordered anything but the waitress informed me the $10 charge was written on the menu. I told her I hadn't even looked at the menu but she insisted on charging me. When I asked to speak to the manager she said "SURE! He will be here in an HOUR AND A HALF." ?!? She then swiftly walked away. I was shocked. She expected me to wait an hour and a half to speak to the manager?!! This place was not worth my time or effort. The service was beyond horrible!! So, if you would like to get treated like s*** this is the place to go!!
DO NOT underestimate this place just because it's fast food. I've only been here once but when my boyfriend took me here, it was the best! Usually when he gets off school, he grabs mcdonalds, jack in the box, you know those cheap greasy burger joints but he told me about Zankou and I wanted to try something I've never had before and wouldnt make me feel bloated. Immediately walking in, it was PACKED. The environment was nothing special, but they focus on beauty behind the scenes if you know what I mean! (;
I ordered their kabob combo, and boy was it good! Good like you wouldnt expect it to be! I took my first bite and started laughing! I think I found my new favorite type of cuisine! WE even got soft and fresh pita bread with the most delicious hummus spread. It was heavenly...
Gosh, the only downside is that theyre in LA only. 
I guess that's what makes it so exclusive though, huh? :D
If youre in the mood for something light yet filling, I would recommend Zankou anyday. The feeling you get for the price is
Best. Falafel. Ever.

Half the time I walk by, it's closed. Terrible hours.
I am annoyed by exclamation points.  But I guess I can let Zuzu! off this time.  A great prof of mine once told me, pretend like you have 1 exclamation point to use for the rest of your life...and use it wisely.  

I can't hate on Zuzu! though, I would wait in line for hours if that is what it took to get into Soul le lu jah.  Straight motown, funk, fun.  Last night I waited for 45 minutes, in the snow and heels and it was so worth it.  I can't remember ever visiting a place with people enjoying each other so much, and I mean enjoying each other haha.  
It definitely is not a 'nice to meet you' kind of place...which can be refreshing.  But I wouldn't go there with less than 3 people because you will get bored of just dancing with the same person all night.  

The second key ingredient is the bar.  They don't pack the place (love that) so you can actually get from one side of the room to the other in less than 5 minutes.  Its a pain to go out and end up navigating through the crowd all night.  The bartender was such a pretty lady, stunning really.  She poured amazing shots that were more like the drinks most bars pour.  Plus, after a drunken night of buying red stripe and kamikazes my tab was pretty reasonable.  

I left my jacket, gloves, hat, purse, you name it, on a jukebox all night; Zuzu! (slash Cambridge) has that community feel and my friends and I were totally comfortable leaving our stuff so we could focus on dancing.  The only thing that was annoying is the bathroom situation, it is a bit of an issue but that's per the norm.  

In hindsight I kind of wish I hadn't written this review.  I don't really want anyone else to go to Zuzu! ;).  But I have to give them their due for making my night rock.  So, thank you Zuzu! and see you soon.
I'm a big fan of this place.  Really good Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food.  Lots of vegetarian options.  Everything is fresh.  This isn't a fancy place, and you shouldn't be going here for the kind of meal you get at a restaurant.  Think of it more as a cafe or something, a place to get a quick bite to eat or to sit around and chill with friends.  My favorite is the falafel sandwich.
Worst shawarma palte I ever had. I paid almost $10 for a plate of rice much more oily than my already very oily face, and a very small portion of beef shawarma, I mean very small portion. It was smaller than palm-size and it was tasteless. It looked like it was from yesterday and reheated. Some of the vegetables were wilted as well. Worse food I've ever had. I will not go back. I will not spend another $10 of my grad school stipend on this mediocre restaurant!!!!!
I love this place so much.  I can't really add anything that hasn't already been said.

Except maybe get the hummos plate.  It's so fresh and so food and sometimes I just crave it.  Yum.
Locals love this place, and I just like it.  Maybe I haven't had the really good items but I've been a number of times and I think it's...ok.  Think standard falafel/babganouj/fattoush, a tiny dining room and kitchen, and very friend hippy-types serving you...very Ann Arbor.
This is by far the best of the Zankou Chicken that I have personally been to (the others being Glendale, Burbank, West L.A.).

I only get the beef shawerma here, and it's always fresh and consistent, and there are never any issues with seasoning, etc. Another great thing about this specific Zankou is the portions. I have noticed that this Zankou is much more friendly in their portion size and that makes me happy.

The only negatives about the place is the parking (Colorado Blvd), and the wait, but the food is definitely worth it.

So if you're in the mood for Zankou I highly recommend this specific location if it's not too much out of the way.
A co-worker hopped on his motorcycle to go get falafel for everyone...I haven't been in the shop, but promise me, I will....the flavor explosion in my mouth was exquisite...tizi sauce with the garlic and onion and, oh anyone got a mint? just opened up on my tongue....price was right and you completed me for the day.....
Market is great, though when I've ordered hot food, they've botched my order more than once--but this was a language gap--nice place!
Food great for the most part.

Service is sub-par too, too many times.  They are friendly, but some of the servers are lacksadaisical about how they wait on you, and some are very inexperienced.  There are times when we have been here as well where there wasn't enough wait staff.  When coupled with the former, it can make for a very uncomfortable visit.
I have never been here, but after 4 years at UCLA I think I've had enough experience with Habibi's to warrant writing a review.

This place looks tacky, shady, and like nothing special. It tries to convince itself that it's some place cool and hip, but it's just kidding itself. There is always a fancy car parked out front, with some guy in embroidered shirt with some sort of eagle or skull picture on it, slicked back hair, and a terrible case of J-Lo sunglasses. Go back to Powell!

I'm sure the food stinks and the hookah is overpriced. I always get the impression that it's full of freshman who think that they're cool. "Hey look! I'm smoking out of a TUBE! You won't believe this, but it actually tastes like PEACH! OMG!!!!!"

This entire place needs to get over itself. Customers and staff alike.

Oh -- and did I mention that some guy got shot in the head while he was eating here one night 4 years ago? Oh those pesky gangs.
Our first meal on the Houston trip was miles ahead the best.  Parking can be a challenge so we parked across the street at the mall.  We were ready to eat and Istabull Grill quickly reacted by bringing out delicious dishes.  We ordered 3 different dishes including lamachan and kabobs.  The dish I can't remember was my favorite! 

The owners offered us tea and gave the kids candy in celebration of Rizwan's birthday.  While we waited, we realized we were very close to the zoo and decided to go visit.  It was a great way to start the trip.
REALLY? Love the food, but now they're just getting greedy...it was expensive enough. Now they just raised everything by about a dollar. Used to come here at least twice a week; now it'll probably be more like twice a month.
Food's not that good but the nightlife is great.
The Good:
:: Open til very late (3am)
:: Reasonably cheap for a fill-up
:: Conveniently placed near Central Sq
:: Some good Shwarma

The Bad:
:: Falafel is a bit too dry
:: The rice and tabouleh are bland
:: Staff are too busy chatting on their Bluetooths to care less
:: The thinness of meat on the rotisserie is disturbing

The Queen:
:: The building is beautiful - a mini-palace for midnight snack royalty
I generally like Algiers Coffee House. It has a unique look, relatively quiet, and is a decent place to read or get some work done. However, it is a bit pricey and the service tends to be non-existent which is inexcusable. Last night, I had small meeting there and it took me nearly 30 min to get a cup of coffee and I never saw the waitress again until I bumped into her when I went downstairs to pay since I obviously wasn't going to be given any more service or a check. The 2nd floor was also dirty. Plates left over from previous customers for who knows how long, napkins on the floor, and our tables were a little sticky. I rarely ever go here any more because I tend to have similar experiences. Perhaps, some more waitstaff coupled with more effort from the staff on duty would make this place a jewel again.
I've been eating take-out from Sepal ever since it was located at its original location on Mt Auburn St in Watertown in the '90s. It was worth the bike ride from Cambridge. When it moved to Nichols Ave in Watertown, I continued to stop in as often as I could -- even though there were plenty of Falafel joints in Cambridge that were much closer to me. In recent years, with Sepal being inside the Student Center at MIT, it's so easy to walk in and get the best Falafel sandwich in Boston. I especially love the baked Falafel (green!) with pickles.

But I do miss the menu items from the former restaurant that are no longer available at the Student Center stall. I haven't been to the Sepal in the Cambridgeside Galleria food court. Perhaps the menu there is more extensive?

If you can catch the owner Walid when he's not busy, his stories about his West Bank family -- and its respect for good food -- are worth hearing.
Falafels are very good, there's a lot of veggie in a thin style pita but that's how it should be. The only thing that surprised me were the spiced fries, which have standard curly fry seasoning on them, not za'atar or something like that. Still pretty good.
Swimming through in the swampy depths of my mojito and dancing on the waves of music blasting from the DJ's speaks is my context for ZuZu. The prices are reasonable and the drinks are average to marginal, don't expect the best mojito of your life, but the vibe in this place more than makes up for it. Paned window cabinets and sparse kitsch decorating walls and beer taps along with warm red paint make ZuZu cozy and personable.  Staff is brisk and professional, cool, and subtly warm to regulars - all great things if you share my aversion to affectation. 

Its a great place to go dancing when the night is young, but the longer you stay off the dance floor the less space you'll have to get in groove. On Friday, if you get up and get down when the lights are dimmed for the first time around 10:30/11 you'll have maybe one to two hours of great dancing to enjoy. Remember, it ain't no sin to take off your skin and dance in your bones. Soulelujah on Saturdays has a great reputation. If you love love love Motown and don't mind listening to the same classic songs every weekend this is for you. Not for me, tho.
Very good Mediterranean. Very helpful in recommending entree, apps and drinks. 

Disappointed that wait staff moved us because DJ arrived early to 'setup'.

The place quickly turned a into night club and we quickly made an exit.
Wow. I had the chicken gyro with a multitude of toppings (just about everything) including hummus, tzatiki and god-only-knows-what else. Whatever it was, it was amazing. And cheap. And huge. I should not have eaten the entire thing in one sitting. But I did. The only bummer besides the calories consumed is the location. I hate going to Thayer - it is always super crowded. This joint was no different. We sat at the front window and had a tough time getting up from our seats as the line to order was inches from our backsides. Perhaps the could consider reconfiguring the seating in the very front.
As a former student at UCLA, this was a frequent stop for me whenever I was in Westwood. They serve various types of pita and wowshis, with a complement of vegetable and sauce condiments. The steak pita is my favorite and consists of beef sirloin pieces wrapped in a pita. Bella Pita provides a nice late night, healthier alternative to the In N Out or the burrito place along the same block.

Best thing about this place: The Hummus Pump. Where else can you get unlimited hummus with your pita.

There's a couple of seats along a counter, but it's more of a stand and eat or take-it-to-go place. Before 6 pm, parking is free at the structure at the corner of Broxton and Weyburn two blocks away. It's difficult to find street parking otherwise.
The BEST Mediterranean chicken joint in Pasadena, hands down, and my palate has seen more than it's fair share of chicken. 

I've sampled most of the menu, and my top recommendation is the chicken tarna plate and the whole rotisserie chicken. Both meals easily feed 2 people. 

The tarna plate includes hummus, tahini, banana peppers, shredded lettuce, diced tomato, pickled beets, a gigantic mound of chicken tarna and pita bread. If you are feeding two people with this plate, order one pack of extra bread for $1.00. Please stuff all of the above-mentioned ingredients into a pita pocket with a huge smear of garlic sauce. 

The rotisserie chicken is not for the faint of heart or the calorie conscious. It is cooked in a rotisserie arranged in such a way that the bird has been slowly roasted in the melted fat of other chickens. The wings will probably be overcooked and inedible, but it seems likes a small price to pay, since the rest of the chicken has always been moist and delicious. With 2 sides, the chicken will feed four (for $10 - $15)! Pro tip: Don't show up at the end of the day and expect to get a perfect chicken. Buy your bird during peak times, like 6 -7 p.m. 

Last, but not least, the GARLIC SAUCE. A delicious compote of olive oil, fresh garlic, and some sort of binder like potato. You know you've hit rock bottom after you've gorged yourself with a Zankou feast, but you are still dipping little toasted pita bread pieces in the garlic sauce, ignoring the pain in your midsection, and savoring the garlicky goodness.
Simply delicious.  Hits the spot every time.

I really don't know how they get so much flavor, and so many types of flavors, in one little styrofoam box.  Casey and I like the #10 and #11 - the Tri Tip Plate and Chicken Tarna plate.  Both come with hummus, garlic sauce (drool), lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles (anyone know exactly what is being pickled?).  And two pieces of pita bread.  It's hard to make a perfect bite to get all of the flavors in one... but that's not really a big problem, now is it?

Casey and I can share one plate, be full and satisfied, with leftovers remaining.  They will let you do a half tri tip/half chicken tarna in one platter, which is our go-to.

We visited today with Casey's family (five people total), and shared two platters.  Just enough food.  Yum.  I bought an extra platter (quiet down, I'm not a fatty, keep reading) to feed me all of next week for dinner!  Yay-uh Zankou!
This place is YUMMm! 

Whenever I'm around the ave I love stopping by Aladdin for a quick meal. The outside may look a bit sketchy and run down but the food here is amazing and cheap!

For about $5 you can get a decent size gyro and for $7.50 you can get a combo which includes the gyro, fries, and a drink. Really great deal. 

The pita bread is great, the meat is cooked just right and the sauce is delicious! This place is not like most greek gyros. The sauce is tzatziki but there is also a curry flavor taste to the gyro . So if you're more into the traditional gyro this place may not be for you. 

The people here are very friendly, service is pretty good, and they are open til 2am.

The only downside is that they take CASH ONLY. Not too worry though since there's an ATM in the restaurant
First off the owner who I don't know his name but he is a real cheap prick!  Why am writing such a bad review.  Well a couple of years ago I went to this place ordered a chicken shawarma with a little extra tahini sauce.  When I asked him for a little extra tahini sauce on my vegetable salad with chicken bits "shawarma sandwich" and he told he needs to charge me $0.75 extra because he has overhead, (his words) "if I don't charge you than everyone else will want extra".   I objected why the higher price and what I got was a whiny response that already left a bad taste in my stomach even before I ate.  Believe me this guy must have had the violin sob music playing in his head and it was never ending because I just asked why?  Not that $0.75 is a big deal but it sent a bad vibe down my back that I am dealing with another CHEAP business owner who likes to cut corners and is interested only in nickel and diming his customers for more profit rather than a good experience.  I know it sounds like I am against capitalism but I am not.  This guy has a monopoly because there is no other falafel shacks around open late.    I went in a few weeks later ordered a sandwich and the guy in front of me was an Arab speaking fellow and he and the owner were conversing in Arabic some and mostly English.  I ordered and paid for my sandwich with an extra squirt of Tahini sauce, $0.75 extra squirts worth.  The Arab guy after me and the owner were speaking and ordered the same sandwich with extra, tahini, a little extra meat and so on.  The owner did not mention a word of the sob story on why he "has to charge everyone extra for extra condiments on a sandwich" but not a word of charging extra.  I watched as the owner handed the Arab fellow his much larger sandwich with extra everything on it and charge him just the normal price.  At this time I was finishing my sandwich, saw and hear the whole transaction/conversation.  When he charged me and didn't charge him extra I spoke up.  "What is this?  You charged me extra for an extra squirt for tahini sauce and your Arab brother doesn't get charged extra for everything else.  I told the owner straight out he was fair with me and that he price gouged me many times in the past including today and right away the owner was saying "I am sorry but you know how it is sometimes I got to charge people different prices".  I didn't understand what he was getting at but I said to him "I am not upset at paying an extra $0.75 on a sandwich but when you skimp out on everything els, nickel and dime me for every cent you can and not do the same to your Arab brother how do you think I am going to react".  Again I get the story of why he has to charge me extra and he pulls out of his register a dollar bill and tries to hand it to me.  I said to him "keep it because you need it to buy some business etiquette lessons on customer service.  

I went' back there on 2/4/2012 at 11pm with my wife for a late night sandwich only to be disappointed again from RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE and less than par chicken shawarma sandwich with barely any (less than an ounce) of dried crunchy chicken bits and a lot of bread.  The sandwiches Lamb and Chicken really SUCKED for the amount of money you will spend here.  I asked for shepard's salad on my sandwiches and the responce I got was that I have to charge you $1.50 extra.  This was a latino speaking guy with real rotten attitude.  I said forget it.   I was nver so angry over a sandwich but more so the attitude I got.

This PLACE SUCKS.  Find another place for Shawarma.
One of the best rotisserie chicken spots ever and on top of that their garlic spread for the big pita tortilla. I got the #7 but usually we get the whole chicken and take it home a devour it. Parking is a little iffy, they got parking in front and some in the back. And if you dont like the food here ur wack, but dont worry theres a McDs right next door. Go get a heart attack. I havent tried the humus or the salads but i will soon try them its just hard to try another item when you already found the best item. Enjoy!
The best falafel! Hummus is a little bland but overall...yum!
I lived at the apartment building right next door to Cedars when I went to UW and I have brought every single one of my friends to this place because I love it! First of all, the owners Janette and John are the friendliest people you will ever meet! They practically treat you like family. They even told me that if ever I find myself not having any money, I could come to them anytime and they will feed me for free! I didn't take the offer, but thought it was so kind of them to say that.

The food is SO amazing. My favorite was the lamb gyro with a little bit of their spicy green sauce... or the Gyro plate.

Small hole in the wall kind of place, warm environment, friendly owners, incredible food! How can you go wrong?!
Real hidden gem in Troy next to the RPI campus. The lavash is out of this world so is the appetizer platter. Generally don't like pictures on a menu but here it is helpful. Middle Eastern food better than the pizza. Very reasonable-unique dishes. Not fancy but prompt service. Great for students and first dates on a budget. Avoid during RPI big events or the beginning of the school year.
This is, hands down, my favorite breakfast place in the Boston area. If you love veggies in breakfast, it could be yours too. From what I can tell, every dish that comes with hash browns will be covered in delicious vegetables that are a little different in composition each time I go. They have a whole section of the menu dedicated to different kinds of eggs Benedict... which - trust me - are all wonderful. The omelets are great and are my personal staple... as hollandaise sauce is not something that I feel okay consuming on a weekly basis... And the pancakes are pretty excellent if you're into that kinda thing. Going there once with a large party of people, we ordered a plate of them for the table. I really wish I could give that group decision 5 stars because it was a very good idea. Also, make sure to ask for some of their homemade jam which is always a little different but most times has a hint of anise.

Only bad points are that there's no indoor waiting for tables (not a good place to go on a rainy Sunday morning), and I once got a Mushroom Salad there which was really just a tiny basic salad with extra button mushrooms... But it's still my favorite place for breakfast north of NY and South of Portland so 5 stars it gets!
A great business run by an honest man who is passionate about his pitas.  (:  He explains the menu so thoroughly every time you go there.

Just a quick grab-and-go pita place that is a Westwood gem!  Found it while looking for a place to eat during my classes in Westwood.

If you only read one thing on this review: DELICIOUS PITAS!  There's also wowshies which are basically sandwiches.

We ordered lamb pitas, and the self-serve salad bar comes with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, beets, sauces (Tahini sauce is the best), and more!

Only downside: you can only access the salad bar once.  So your experience of eating your pita will be a lot of veggies at first, and then only meat at the bottom.  If you can actually wait till you get home to eat the delicious pita, just put everything on a plate and eat it with a fork and knife.  (:
This place is also weeeeeeeeeeird!  (I say also because I just reviewed the weirdness that is Tavern on the Square on a Friday night) But MIddle East is weird in a great way.  First and foremost...the bartender looks like Jared Leto but grayer.  I liked him.  Second, there was an older couple...50's I'd say...that were ALL OVER each other.  In a disgusting, car wreck, kind of way.  She looked like a librarian grandmother and he looked like Cheech.  She wore a skirt and he enjoyed putting his hands all up under that skirt...it was yucky...but fascinating.  The bartender (not Jared) gave me the insight on Cheech but I can't repeat.  Let's just say he's a 'regular'.  

Great vibe, nice bartenders, interesting patrons.  Excellent.  We will be back.
MY boyfriend introduced me to this place two years ago and we eat here once a week, sometimes more!  The food is awesome and the plate combinations are an amazing value!
Great sandwiches and the best emulation of what I used to eat in the Middle East before immigrating. I eat his falafel and chicken shawarma regularily. I tried the beef (kabob) wrap and it was just the level of spiceness that I can tolerate. I think it is beef and lamb mixed. The taste was not "lamby" which I never liked. I tired his rice with milk. I loved it. It is rose-water flavored and a nice change from the usual cinnamon I buy in other places. Negative: he takes his time. You have to come relaxed and ready to chat with him and other customers. Not an issue for me but might be for others. Saw a regular customer who carried a bunch of plastic tubs with dinners (to go, cold, from the his display freezer). She said they are great.
This is the best place in all of Cambridge to see live music, eat some great middle eastern food, grab a beer, and even see some bellydancing.  There are three stages, the downstairs where most of the bigger name acts play, the upstairs where great local and national acts roll through, and the corner, where there is bellydancing, great drumming, and other local acts.
Soul-le-lu-jah is good, but I'm just not into hanging with the college educated hipster types.

I heard this spot used to be cool, but has since been invaded by these kids and they must cater to what pays. They offer a new, like a few years kind of new, patio/seating area for your enjoyment.
Boy do I love this place.  Arabic food is definitely my fav when it comes to cuisine, unfortunately I'm cursed to live in a city that has an almost negligible Arab population, and I've been here a long time waiting for a good place to satisfy my cumin crave. I'd been going to Aladdin's Gyrocery for a while before I discovered this place, and I'm pretty sure my tastebuds couln't be happier.

First of all, this is the best late night joint on the ave, bar none. Memo's... is nasty. Pita Pit is pretty good but when it's 2am and I'm losing my buzz I don't really want to select every ingredient that goes in my sandwich. Ragazzi is great late night food but inconsistent and has nowhere to sit. Aladdin's offers some seriously delicious gyros for a damn good price... I mean they have good other stuff but this is pretty much the pinnacle. Let me get more specific.

Lamb and Beef "Gyro": ground lamb and beef bits sliced when you  order from a rotating tornado of spiced meat goodness and chopped and fried some more on a griddle. Like a proper shawarma, they include little slivers of onion and tomato that have been inserted between the meat on the spit... delicious. They serve it in a soft pita with some bland lettuce and tomato and some bomb yoghurt sauce. As good as it gets around here. 

Rice: Their fries are good but everyone I know has switched their combo side to the turmeric rice that they microwave and top with herbed yoghurt sprinkled with sumac. Mix it all together... it's really good just trust me on this.

Other stuff: Their falafel is usually pretty good though sometimes a bit too salty. They also have foule mudamas (stewed fava beans) and fried cauliflower pitas, great vegitarian options, both which I've tried at the other Aladdin and they were good (and food at this one is consistently better). Their lentil soup is tangy and good, but I almost always just go for the rice. The hot sauce they have is ok, a little bit too vinegary and runny. They have Vimto soda, which is a super sweet soda with a taste somewhere along the lines of juicy fruit. I personally love it but it's not always worth the extra cost.

Basically a combo of a jumbo pita sandwich with rice or fries or soup is six or seven bucks I believe, which is a really great deal. After trying out a few different things I almost always just get the lamb and beef combo with rice.

I would highly recommend this location over the gyrocery down the ave for the following reasons:

-Better lamb and beef gyros
-More generous portions
-They take credit card
-Amiable staff
-More pleasant interior and layout (albeit less "themed") since they expanded
-More restraint with the pro-Palestinian stuff (Gyrocery has pictures of injured children right next to the menu when you're waiting to order... even if you support that cause it's a bit much for a restaurant)
-Open later (I think)
-If they screw up your order or forget something they tend to actually make up for it

Their other items are often unavailable or not that great, but the bottom line is that any place that does one or two things really well, consistently, at great value, with a good vibe, and into the wee hours of the morning deserves five stars in my book.
Any place that books Lez Zeppelin is getting five stars from me.  I drank water because it was clearly evident to myself that I did not need an adult beverage for their 11pm show.  Eleven. PM.  This is when I'm snuggled up in my bed ready for dreamland.  However, Saturday was a special night.  Saturday was the night that I stayed out well, past my bedtime until the early hours of Sunday Morning.  I have the Middle East to thank for easing me out of my black out and into the white bright light of Lez Zep.  

The Middle East is just how I pictured it.  Dark, sweaty, loud, and awesome.  I had a great time.  I'd definitely try this place out again.  I know we were downstairs because I vaguely remember walking down the stairs and then up the stairs after this most awesome show.  Their upstairs bar had a really nice/funk band and they were nice to hear too.

I will return to the Middle East when my gals come back, whenver that may be.  I'll be ready.
I finally caved and decided to try Hummus. 

IT IS SO GOOD. I'm actually eating the shawarma sandwich right now and felt compelled to write this review. Seriously, try it. Ugh. So good.
I was pretty impressed with the Pita Pit when I went there with my sister for dinner the other day.

I see the Pita Pita as a Subway-style restaurant that specializes in Greek food. Starting out with a pita base (white or wheat) and a filling, you then top your pita with all kinds of vegetables, cheese and sauces. 

True to it's Mediterranean roots, there are many more options than your standard sandwich toppings. Cucumbers, spinach, red onions, feta, Tzatziki sauce, etc. are all options that caught my eye behind the toppings bar.

I had the Falafel pita with lots of veggie fixin's. My sister had the chicken pita. We both really liked our meals. Very filling, not at all greasy and affordable.

Not as good as Med Deli down the street but was still a solid option for Greek food on the go.
DAMMM. i've been going to pcc for while now and i've just heard about this place this year, so sad. now i'm freaking hooked. i tried the beef kabob pretty good and the chicken plate is good too. those pickled purple things are good too. their hummus was in my mind good, i'm a hummus freak. i sometimes go to trader joes to buy my daily fix of hummus and pita bread. prices are decent but sometimes the parking sucks. next time i'm trying the falafel plate and the half chicken plate. oh yea the chicken plate i had was enough for two people. i finished one by myself and had to unbutton my pants, i was at home of course when that happened.
Only been once. The baba was pretty good (love the pomegranate in it, but hate the chunky seeds), and the hummus was great, as was the Arabian coffee. Looking forward to going back and trying a shawarma.

When did Greek Corner II close? Though I never went in there, so I can't really say that I miss it.

Still--great to see cheap, late-night eats in Cambridge. (Haven't been back to Falafal Palace since it remodeled. Hope it's back up to par.)
My boyfriend and I came here because the sandwich place a couple places down was closed (which by the way is a great place for a good sandwich...not sure the name, but its a shack a few spots towards Wilshire),  We both thought the pitas were ok, nothing special, not a whole lot of flavor.   We were the only ones there and after we both got our pitas my boyfriend asked about his fries.  The guy told him he already put them out for him and we told him he hadn't, he hadn't even made any!  So, we weren't impressed by the food or the service.
If this was what food was really like in Lebanon, Hezbollah would have died off of rampant dysentery before plotting their first attack.

Thankfully, real Lebanese cooking is much better than Amir's... wait... 

Middle Eastern paramilitary organizations aside, I enjoy Lebanese food and falafel is one of the few vegetarian dishes I can swear by -- possibly because it's fried -- preferably in the oily fats of a dead animal.

Now, I've had amazing falafel before in the city and in Israel. I've had good falafel. I've had bad falafel. I used to live in Arizona after all and there isn't much in the way of "good" Middle Eastern food there.

Amir's, however, is a new category of awful: a smell of charred herb-like-chemicals, burned outsides, grainy innards that feature the texture of doughnuts, and a general lack of taste.

Am I going to bother reviewing the hummus? The shwarma? Naw. It's called "Amir's Falafel." Their namesake should be their best product, and the reason the restaurant stays in business. And if it weren't for naive Columbia students, this place would be out of business and replaced by a better falafel restaurant. Or a Starbucks.

Oh, and to counter Rich U's accusation and (dare I say) personal attack upon myself of being a:

'sweater-over-an-untucked-shirt wearing, pseudo-beard rocking, glasses-they-don't-really-need using, x-game watching, "app" utilizing, Ahmadinejad enabling, kayaking ecotourist, self-absorbed, overly pierced and tattooed, hyper tweeting, overprivileged, moral relativist 20 something (or soon to be) Columbia students who regularly rip this place...' 

I tuck my shirts in, my beard just grows in thin which isn't my fault, I wear contacts, don't watch the x-games, use apps because they make life easier, prefer to enable Iranian citizens,  haven't kayaked since being in the Virgin Islands 4 years ago, guilty, never pierced nor tattooed, think twitter is a fad, came from humble roots, morally decent 28yo Manhattan School of Music graduate.

If you like Amir's "balls" so much, why don'tcha just go suck on them.
I drove here on a whim...only to be thoroughly disappointed.  The owners were sweethearts, which is why I even gave them two stars.  

I got the chicken shawerma plate and a cucumber salad.  The chicken was pretty scarce, I want to say 10 pieces, possibly roasted; and that's it.  The shawerma I've had from other places have been completely different and much more flavorful.  The garlic sauce was pretty damn potent, in the "I seriously can't talk to anyone within 3 feet of my face for the next 3 days" potent.  Not thick and creamy like I like it....like at Zanku.  

For $15 dollars and the drive, I won't be coming here for the food anytime soon.
I really wanted to like this place.  I have never had such a small gyro.  Literally, 3 pinky size pieces of meat.
The grape leaves were not bad- got them to go.  But they put tzatziki (sp?) all over them!!  I might try it again to see if they're more on point.  Help me find the really good food Austin
I didn't know what to expect since we heard of the place changing from Pita Bite to Sheesh, but it surely wasn't disappointing.  I had a lamb combo plate from the lunch menu and every piece on it was perfect. The bread and the crushed lentil stuff that came with it was odd, but very good.  Portion was large and definitely worth the price. The manager and wait staff were very friendly.  I am looking forward to trying more of their menu.
This place is as tiny as people say; when I went here on a Saturday they were only doing take-out orders because of the crowd occupying their tables. But take-away is what I needed, so no problem there. 

I've only eaten here once, and I was very satisfied. A friend picked this place from Yelp (thanks everyone!) because it was vegetarian friendly, and it did not let me down. A whole vegetarian section of the menu had five or six options. I went with the vegetarian combo, which had four delicious things (stuffed grape leaves, hummus, lentils, and baba ganoush), and pitas to spare. It only ended up being around $6 and I was stuffed. I wish I lived closer. 

The only thing keeping it from five stars is that the place itself wasn't very inviting. The staff was very helpful, but it wasn't the kind of place that made me want to come in and hang out every day. No knocks against the place itself; if you need good, cheap food then it's great, but I wasn't blown away enough overall to give it five stars.
I returned tonight and got an actual dinner.  The falafel sandwich was very good and only $4, and they (surprise) actually sat me down and took my order, I'd assumed I'd just order at the counter.

Cheap, delicious, fast, clean, friendly.  Jeez, I hope they can keep this up.
Have you ever seen a line with 25 people but you still get your food within 5 minutes? Well, me neither until I came to this place. The food is phenomenal and always freshly made ( which is rare as you know). For some reason, you get your order before you can even take out your credit card from your purse. I have no idea how they do this. 
I came here due to Gordon Ramsey's advice to trust those places with the biggest line. And how he was right. The prices are more than fine for the amount of food you receive. Atmosphere-wise, the outdoor sitting area is not too bad although it is in the middle of shopper's lane. Just be aware that you'll probably have ca. 30 people starring at you while eating, especially during lunch time that place gets PACKED.
Enjoy.
Jerusalem Garden is - the best healthy food in town.

It may not be the most authentic (no greasy fried onions?), but it is consistent and tasty and a couple of dishes hit the high note - espescially the chicken shwarma (not at all traditional) and most espescially the yellow lentil soup, which, if you put in some lemon and the hot sauce, is an almost perfect thing to eat - I'm not kidding.

So get over it not being authentic mid-eastern food - it's authentic hippie food - and enjoy.



Just for fun, the haiku:

Supple with a pallette knife,
shaping perfect forms,
fry up those falafel balls.
I come here roughly once a month.  I've only tried the kebab plates and they are really good.  i usually get a mix plate with one chicken and one steak kebab.  the plate also has one pita bread, hummus, rice and salad.

Service:  they are nice and really efficient.  you get your food FAST

Parking:  there's a big parking lot and it's not a problem
total baby poop. I once got a Gyro with rock salt in it, like the shit you throw on the sidewalk, no shit.  They mixed up their buckets of salt or something that day.  Retards.
I have been a dedicated customer for a few years now, introducing all my friends to the wonders of Pita Pita's famous homemade pita chips and the "two specialty sauces."  They used to keep them out in the open, but now you MUST ask for them.  One is a chunkier tan color and the other is a more liquid-like crimson color... it is the equivalent to Mediterranean Cafe's  (check my other review!) famous garlic sauce.  Over the years, however, the quality of the food for Pita Pita has decreased, price has increased a dollar or so, but their service hasn't changed.  Super friendly and fast Mediterranean food if you're on the go at an affordable price.  Wraps range from 6-8 dollars- my favorite is the garlic chicken and the falafel wrap which come with 4-5 pita chips, fountain drinks with refills, and you can get a vegetarian plate for $9 and a variety of other plates for a little more than the wraps.  The plates come with pita bread and the homemade pita chips as well, but you can also order an additional plate of pita bread and pita chips for a dollar more to any order.  If you make any changes to the menu, they have a strict charging policy... it's an additional dollar or so- 

They gave me a free fruit cup once (located in the dessert fridge) and I'm glad it was free, because it was not edible.  Stay away from those.  It's definitely the thought that counts, what a sweet gesture.

To be completely frank, for a more tasteful Mediterranean meal at one or two more dollars in price, I would definitely go down the street to Mediterranean Cafe... the chicken shwarma is juicier, more pleasing to the palate, and you get more bang for the extra buck!

If you do decide on pita pita, don't forget to ask for the "two specialty sauces!" :)
PFG in the food department.  Authentic grape leaves for goodness sake!  The leading live music club of Boston.  You want up and coming or current great acts are on the edge of stardom, they have started here.
For 5 bucks you get a large super soft pita stuffed with your favorite grilled kabob/shawarma of choice, some veggies, and a secret sauce!  Their Kabob's are well seasoned, and for the price they are very very VERY good, not Mini Kabob http://www.yelp.com/biz/mini-kabob-glendale#hrid:kdR32ztPjPpW4MVFaMKFhw good but juicy and flavorful nonetheless.  

I've had better pita sandwiches (Pita Kitchen http://www.yelp.com/biz/pita-kitchen-sherman-oaks) but for the price no place I've been to can really beat Mediterranean cafe. Not to mention they are ridiculously fast (drive thru window fast,) and they still make each order fresh which in and of itself is unbelievable.  

I dare not ask what's in the secret sauce as I'm pretty sure it's made of some sort of lard and acknowledging that would mean I'd go back less often. I'd rather live happily in tasty denial and ignorance! :)
Some of the best falafel in Boston. Moody's sets itself apart by grilling the pita after they fill it, creating a warm taste explosion!
I love this place, the ambience, the coffee, and the desserts are great.

I gave four stars because it is expensive. A small cup of coffee and a small dessert would easily go over 10$. But, the good thing is that one can sit there for hours literally and no one will bother you. Perhaps that is the reason, they charge more for the coffee.

I love the middle eastern feel of the cafe, it always reminds me of the cafe next to the La Grande Mosquée de Paris, similar feel.

Great place to meet a friend for a long chat, or to sit and read a book and do some work.

Also, the lamb sandwhich and the bebusa are really yummy.
Star-worthy: Fast, cheap, solid. The fill-it-yourself pitas are the best.

Not so star-worthy: The hummus is a bit... odd. And the chicken in the pita leaves something to be desired, both in taste and in quantity.
Cheap, Delicious,  I have only had a shwarma sandwich this good in Germany.
The bouncers at the Middle East aren't well trained and managed based on my own observations as someone myself experienced in VIP security and joint military operations. Maybe I hold too high a standard for such a nightclub.
I just want to warn people to avoid any kind of altercation with ANYONE at this place. If you happen to get into some stupid argument with some drunk, the most likely end result  will be security staff getting overly excited in escalating force. Simply put, they'll jump to cause any opportunity where they can bust heads in instances that would have otherwise ended non-violently.
Lamb Shawarma was amazing. Tender meat and juicy.
Falafel sandwich wasnt so good. It was dry.

Yete to try a few other things I brought to-go with me. Want to give a 3.5 stars but the additional half star for good service and cheap prices. Plus they are open late!

Make sure you ask for additional Hot Sauce on your Rolls.
Definitely underwhelmed. High on price, low on taste, snarky service. This place is trying hard and failing miserably at being just one more hip urban enclave.
For the most part I enjoy Falafel Palace. I typically order a chicken shawarma plate which I feel the quality is inconsistent. The prices are extremely reasonable though and I am impressed with the amount of food you get for your dollar.
One of the last vestiges of the Harvard Square I love(d).

I long for the days when you could smoke upstairs.  (an unpopular viewpoint, I know)

With the new world order, I have to settle for enjoying one of my other drugs of choice- caffeine.  Their arabic coffee is delicious, and I have it whenever I go.  I also recommend the falafel (amazing) and the chocolate cake.

Avoid the cheese plate at all costs.
Ah Moody's Falafel palace- What happened to you? 

Through the years, I walked through your rehabbed white castle doors into a fantastic haven for a tasty falafel wrap- three or four golden, crispy chickpea balls, a delicious salsa, a little lettuce, some humus and flavorful "sauce".  Aside from the fantastic food and reasonable price, the service was also warm and friendly. I even had a late night there once after catching a show at the Middle East where I walked in as they were closing and the gentleman behind the counter, feeling bad that he was closing, actually put down the mop he was using to clean up and offered us some hummus and pita bread on the house. 

Fast forward to yesterday when I happened back into my old haunt after a hiatus of several years and found the place to remodeled- dark wood décor with a salad bar display of ingredients.  I ordered my staple falafel wrap and was disappointed to watch the young man behind the counter smash two falafel balls into the sandwich (I presume to take up more space) - two! Really?! What's the deal with that. Missing from my wrap as well was the bright, tasty salsa replaced with some sliced tomatoes and a few pickles. Sigh. 

I guess some good things just don't last.( After writing this, I just read a few reviews and it seems the ownership must have changed.)
We were hoping to have lunch next door at Hayto's and were surprised that they are only open for dinner on Sunday, so we decided to try their Persian nextdoor neighbor.  It looked nice and there was an "A" rating on the window so we felt pretty good about it.  Once inside it was strangely empty.  It was lunch time, and we were the only patrons!  After looking at the pricey menu, we placed our orders, and shortly thereafter, TADA!  Our lunch was ready!  I had the ground chicken kabobs, and my better half had the steak something or other.  They were both delicious!  The salads were fresh and the rice was cooked just right.  Unfortunately, the service left a little something to be desired.  Our waitress was nice enough, but despite our being the only customers in the restaurant, there was not much follow up after delivering our plates.  So, will we return?  Possibly, but maybe for a week day lunch (they gave us coupons!), and the weekday prices are more reasonable.  I'll say 2.5 stars for now.
I LOVE MEDITERRANEAN CAFE!  I'm seriously going to have them cater my small wedding. The food and service are fast, cheap, and amazing. I don't know what other people are talking about when they say the owner is grumpy. He's so nice and hilarious. If he appears mean or grumpy maybe it's because you're that customer that is ruining the flow of service. Even if the line is out the door you will not wait more than 15 min to order and get your food. For the newbies everything is delicious. My faves are the chicken shwerma, chicken and beef kabobs, humus, and stuffed grape leaves. Everything is fresh and delicious. Give them a try and you'll see what I'm talking about.
Love Algiers! I find the architecture of the whole thing lovely, very cozy with a personnality. Great colors.

This is a great place to study, especially in the afternoon. Not too loud and there isn't always music (and if there is, it's usually classical or instrumental). Also a good place to socialize with friends late afternoon. Yes, the place is small and it gets crazy to move around when it is crowded. But, unlike other places, it doesn't bother me. Why? because it goes with the whole ambiance: it is a 'juste milieu'.

The food is okay. I love the fact that they have merguezs and they are yummy too. The merguez wrap is my favorite thing on the menu. Love the mint tea (even though sugar is needed).
Istanbul is full of friendly and attentive staff that honestly seem like they enjoy what they are doing. The food was fresh, hot and delicious.

It also helps that it won't bust your budget if you enjoy yourself and have an appetizer, dinner and desert.  Just don't forget your own wine.  This place is definitely on my list if I want to grab a quick dinner for take-out on my way home.
I miss the all-vegan Sepal of Watertown.
This is clearly a place that knows their kebab and takes a lot of time and care in its preparation. That said, I can't help but think they'd be doing a much better business if they (ever so slightly) adapted their service to accommodate certain American expectations and/or time constraints. 

When I came in on a Tuesday for an early lunch, slightly pressed for time, my eyes lit up when I saw that their daily special entree was fesenjan. Fesenjan! One of my absolute favorite foods in the world, that wonderful chicken, walnut and pomegranate stew that comes together in a beautiful symphony of flavor. So, I go to the counter to place my order, and the woman informs me that it won't be ready until around 1 or 1:30. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed. This scene played itself out another 4 or 5 times while I was there, with eager diner after eager diner seeing their hope of a special meal dashed and reluctantly ordering the kebab. 

Guess what, International Market & Grill? Most of us in this country are beholden to our employers to take our lunch at noon. I don't like it, but that's just what this country has decided to be its lunch hour. I could see aiming for your signature dish to be ready for dinnertime, if that's your pleasure, but 1:30? What the hell is your logic there? And is it really nice to pull this kind of bait-and-switch without noting it on the menu? 

Like others before and after me, I opted, with a tinge of disappointment, to order the kebab--I had the filet plate. And then I waited, and waited, and waited while I watched every to-go order placed after mine get filled. I really should have chosen to take it to go, because, like most other Americans, I only had an hour to spare for lunch. It took 28 minutes to get my order--no joke. 28 minutes of waiting didn't leave me very much time to eat, and when I tried to pay my check beforehand, they kept insisting I pay after my meal. Kinda strange.

The rice was lovely, though I wished I'd gotten the herbed rice for a dollar more. The meat was tender and perfectly spiced. By the time I was done and ready to pay my bill, of course, there was a line--I wouldn't have had to wait another 10 minutes if I'd been able to pay up front! While I will likely come again, it will be for the entree (after calling ahead to find out if and when it will be available) and it will be to go, particularly if I have any time constraints, because of the ultra-slow service.
In pasadena, this is one of the best places to pick up a chicken shwerma wrap. if you go at lunchtime, you better go early or late because the seating is really limited.  A lot of people compare to Zankou but they're both very different. The flavor of this place is slightly better and their hot sauce is great (zankou doesnt have any hot sauce)
This is my favorite place to eat in Westwood! Affordable, fresh, and delicious any way you want it. I love the Wow-Shi's because the fillings are baked inside the pita dough and then cut in half. Blazing hot and feels like you get twice as much food once you fill up each hemi with your choice of veggies and sauces. 

This is basically a To-Go spot as there is only a small counter to eat at with about 2 chairs total. I do wish there was more seating so I could enjoy my pita more comfortably, but hey, maybe standing aids digestion. 

Here's my pro-tip for the toppings: grab a form and open up your pita and make sure all the meat/falafel/beans are spread evenly along one side. Grab your choices of sauce (white sauce + hummus + splash of lemon, hello) and drizzle from bottom of the pita to the opening. Then add your veggies (love the pico de gallo). This way, you get flavor from top to bottom, not just perched along the rim! And watch out, these buggers are juicy. Make sure to have napkins and maybe even another wax paper to catch all the drippings. 

Awesome they're open after the bars close, too, because now you can pig out those Pint Night & AMF induced cravings without feeling disgusting or breaking your wallet. Bella Pita is the best.
Read Joel Y's review, he's got all the tips down.

I really like their hummus, it's creamy and smooth.
Their Pita bread is the good quality kinds.
Impressive fast service (you pretty much get your food as you pay for it).
Food's a bit saltier than I'd like (Beef Kabob has salt/pepper on it, Lamb Kabob has various spices on it)

Just remember to tip them.  They do a great job.
I love this place for their falafel.After mamouns,this is the only place where the falafels taste as good.Its usually fresh ,with a lot of vegetables and also give you an option of white or what pocket pita.The pocket pitas are a lot better,atleast the food and the sauces don't drip all the way through like it does in the usually cart pitas.It is very reasonable-just 3.75$ for a falafel sandwich:)However if u r looking for the authentic spicy sauce, you will be disappointed,their spicy sauce is just chilly sauce mixed with water.However if you are hungry,want to eat something healthy for 4 bucks,this is the place to go.
The guys who pick up the phone here cannot seem to speak English (and couldn't confirm what time they were open until other than saying "yes" to every question I asked.)

However, once I arrived- they couldn't have been nicer or more helpful (it's a long story involving a lost ATM card.)

I know it's a chain, and the chefs and  staff may not be as "authentic" as Falafel-Arax or Skaf's (no one who works there is from the Middle East), but I'll take a falafel sandwich (with some hummus and cucumber salad on the inside, and some eggplant spread and tatziki on the outside) from Falafel King over those places any day.

It's a good thing to be able to choose from over 40 salads from their saldad bar (many of which are really good!)  Plus, their falafel balls (while not perfect) are pretty darn tasty!

It's so weird when a place like Panda Express can put out better Chinese food than an actual Chinese restaurant, almost as weird as a Middle Eastern joint run by Mexicans turning out better Middle-Eastern food than you can find in Glendale.

(PS I can stomach just about anything, but the grease on those battered potato chips will not leave you feeling great.)
Pros: 
-Open till 3am
-Cheap falafel wraps
-Fast, good location

Cons: 
-falafel isn't crispy enough
-wrap is too thick
-wrap is stale 
-portions are too small. 
-was there even hummus in my wrap?

cons are greater than pros = 2 stars. 

P.S falafel king in downtown is a million times better, or clover which is down the street in harvard square
The food here is pretty good...

But the man in charge is so surly!  It's as if we are bothering him by giving him business.  Watching how he interacted with some of the other patrons bordered on offensive...

I'm hoping that this was a one-time thing.  Otherwise, there are other spots in the neighborhood to get your shawarma or falafel fix...
Oh, yuuuck!!!
I wish I had checked Yelp before coming here. Wow.
I came in here for lunch after work today. I was hungry and cold, and it was right around the corner from my work, so I thought, "Why not." I saw that they had falafel, and figured it would be impossible to fuck up falafel. Boy, was I wrong.
I was the only person in the restaurant, yet I still had to wait 20 minutes for my food. When my falafel wrap arrived, it was terrible. The falafel itself was squishy and falling apart, the lettuce was wilted, and the hummus just tasted weird. This, coupled with the sound of the owner's screaming baby in the back room, was enough to make me never come back here again. PLEASE, STAY AWAY.
Truly amazing falafel, but bring some Altoids because they are potently garlicky (but oh-so-good). Occasionally they get a bit busy and rush the falafels, so go when they have time to make them fresh and hot. The basic falafel is all I ever get - no need to mess with perfection - it is huge and a real bargain.

To avoid the lunch rush, come before 12:00 on MWF, or before 12:30 on TuTh (this is how the UC Berkeley scheduling works).
Holy Mother of Shiznit... this place may not look like a Palace... but the treasures within atest to every quality a Palace should exhibit...

Moody's has the magic to change any bad mood's frown upside down.  Get out of work at 1am on a Saturday, and hungry as a mofo?  Head down to Moody's... they're open until 3am Wed-Sat!

The falafel is incredible... tasty, stuffed with hefty portions... and press-grilled to perfection.  Oh yeah... and it was only... 

get this...

wait for it...

FOUR TWENTY FIVE...

yup... you read it right... $4.25~!

Moody's, you're awesome... and only one thing could bring you to a level OVER five stars... DELIVERY would seal the deal.
Eat a falafel.  It will make your day.
Maybe this place should be called "Moody's Shawarma Palace" instead. 

See, the Shawarma and the other meat entrees are pretty darn tasty. I've had the super combo plate and the chicken shawarma roll-up (mm, pickles.)

I tried the combo plate because I'm indecisive and like to try everything. So: the tabbouli? Good. The chicken? Good. Greasy, but tasty, and I watched the guy shave the fresh meat off the stick, which is always a plus in a place like this. The hummus? Good. The pita? Well, average, but what do you expect. The baba gannoush? Very tasty. 

The falafel? AWFUL. I'm sorry, but I love falafel, and this was inedible. It tasted nothing like any falafel I've ever had before. I'm not sure what went wrong. It didn't seem as if it had ever come from chickpeas, and tasted oddly bitter on the inside, though that was mostly masked by the overpowering fried breading flavor. Texture was spongy and weird. 

If you want good falafel, go to Falafel King in Downtown Crossing. That place is falafel heaven. This might just be falafel hell. 

But like I said, this place isn't all bad: it's just the falafel...which is kind of a problem for a place that has falafel in the name. And it's open late and it's cheap, two other huge bonuses in the Central Square area (or anywhere in Boston/Cambridge). Stick to the meat, or, if you're a vegetarian, to the tabbouli or baba gannoush or hummus. Stay far away from the falafel.
We stopped by mid afternoon to grab a gyro during a break between my friends wedding ceremony and reception.  Saw the great reviews so I had to see how it compared to the gyrocery down the street.  This place used meat from the fridge but you get a good amount for the money.  What sets them apart is the sauce.  Slightly sweet and tangy while still creamy.  I'll definitely be back.
Very authentic. Tastes just like it does in the Mediterranean.  The chicken kabob was so moist and delicious.
A friend turned me on to this place, and their shawarma is so good. Both the lamb and chicken shawarma deserve 2 thumbs up. The combination of the lightly toasted flour wrap, the tender & bite-sized meat morsels, pickled something-or-other-veggy, yogurt sauce --- all add up to cravings that are satiated whenever I'm by the University District. 

Ambiance is like any little cafe, only it has some middle eastern decor and flair. Interesting people watching, especially the groups of middle-eastern dudes who will congregate around the sofas and chatter enthusiastically in their native tongue. 

We're thinking of getting a chicken and lamb shawarmas catered for our summer "BBQ". Something different from the usual (and boring) sandwich.
Just had the very delicious ZuZu platter tonight. Their food and drinks are always delicious. As for the nightlife, that depends on the night. I am a fan of Saturday nights especially when Jantine is there.
Really good! The chips they put with your falafel are awesome. Really crispy and salty. I love them. The falafel sandwiches are a great deal, I think about $5 for a nice big one. Their baklava is great too, nice and sweet and crunchy flaky heaven. They sell YOGURT SODA here, which I've yet to try, but I really want to. The people who work here are really nice as well. There are a bunch of free sauces/pickled things you can get, too. yummmy
You may have been to a Daphne's and thought the food was good, this is your next and final step. Zankou chicken is reasonably priced and the food is great. Even better, they understand that if you get Falafel, your gonna want some hummus to go along with that.. not at an extra charge.

The atmosphere is very casual, in fact I'm pretty sure the building used to be a car wash (go there and think about it!) 

I suggest sitting around and waiting for a fresh batch of Falafel to come out instead of the ones under the heat lamp, just to make your experience even better.
My first experience with Zankou was underwhelming. I ate at the Sunset location, and ordered a two-piece dark meat. Having read the swoony Yelp reviews, I was prepared to love this place, but thought the chicken, while tasty, was kind of dry. Hmmm...

But the other day I stopped by the Pasadena store. Based on suggestions from Yelpers, I got a whole chicken to go. Bingo! Plenty of moist, tasty chicken. I got home with the food, and my whole family stood around the kitchen counter and ate standing up, pulling pieces off the chicken and stuffing them into pita bread smeared with garlic sauce. There was little or no conversation, just ravenous devouring noises and grunts of pleasure!

I got the whole chicken, six extra pitas (comes with three), and a tub of pickled turnips for $10.81! I even got the friendly girl at the counter to throw in several extra tubs of garlic sauce.

Get a whole chicken, oh Zankou skeptics, and you will see the light!
Loud, smoke filled and the food is nothing special. The worst part, terrible service.
Mmm, I went here this past weekend since I've been on a falafel crave lately, and very impressed. Thanks Yelp for making me (finally) check this place out!
Decent falafel, served with family-style care, at very competitive prices.
This place is way overrated. Extreme prices for the food and hookah. Servers try to seem all buddy buddy but they're shady. One time, my server was really cool with us and talking to us a lot. We had a 10% discount coupon and he told us he'd give us a 20% discount! Bill comes and it was like $2 off the total, which was like 3%... 

This place just looks poppin all the time because it has a complete monopoly over UCLA students. There is Gypsy Cafe but I hear its owned by the same person. Which brings me to my last point... I have seen the owner many times. He has a Rolls Royce Phantom and a Ferrari (forgot what kind). Straight hustlin the entire Westwood with his overpriced hookah bars...

I would totally give this place one star if it wasn't for the owner's hustle. Gotta respect that. That businessman knows what he's doing.
Yes this place is a little pricey, but it's in a great location.  I've never had the food here before only drinks and hookah.  They have lots of great flavors for hookah and they do a good job making sure your coals are lit.  Not a place I would come regularly, but it's a nice place to meet up with friends every once in awhile.
This place is fabulous. First dining experience was lunch yesterday and I can safely say I'll be going back soon.

Very authentic with a great atmosphere and good service. Get the Meze Tabagi for starters--delicious spreads with warm, fresh bread. The grape leaves were perfect. Then split one of their yummy lamb and veggie pizzas.

Can't wait to go back and try more menu items!
Dang, give me more of that bread.  I got the hummus and it was not served with pita bread like I'm used.  It tasted like what is on an everything bagel, but on light fluffy bread.  The hummus was tasty too.  

I got the gyro for dinner, not my favorite gyro meat I've ever had.  There was lettuce overflowing out of the pita.  It was kind of dry and bland.  I had to go back and get what I think was tzatziki sauce from the counter because of the lack of flavor.  

I'd be interested to try a few more adventurous things on the menu, but I went safe this time.  I'd go back if I was in the neighborhood and need a quick bite to eat.
HUGE fan of this place.  The hummus is mmmmmmmmm greeatt. Love their little pickled turnips things.  Falafel also very tasty.  The Food is great enough to make me drive all the way to pasadena !
I've there twice. 

The first time Wowshi was great! The baked shell was just right. The guy there was warm. And the price is good. 

The second time I changed to Pita. It's kinda less satisfying me. At least it's not that much, but almost the same price. But it's still good.
Im eating my chicken roll-up as I type this and its horrible.  The lettuce is wilted and god knows how old (yes, I am famished & dont feel like venturing out this horrible rain again)  There is no sauce in it at all...totally dry.

I asked for extra hot sauce...the guy charged me .50cent for it...FOR HOT SAUCE!!!

They are hit or miss...there have been times where its been good and then times like tonight--where it totally sucks!!!

Gonna have to find a new spot in Central--cause this one has been sucking lately.
It was a bit too expensive but the fish wrap was quite good.
Ive only been here twice and I enjoy the food, but the service can def be picked up a notch, the last time I was there the entire kitchen was arguing and Im just standing there waiting to place my order, finally someone takes my order while managing to argue with the other employees at the same time,  talk about multitasking!
I'm always in the mood for a delicious chicken wrap from Zankou. Seriously. A really good blend of flavors with the super moist chicken all wrapped up in a pita... yum! Can't go wrong.

The Pasadena location is very spacious, but a little aged. (I'm used to the one in Westwood, south of Santa Monica.) Probably it's so big to account for the busy hours, I'd guess. 

One of my favorite things about Zankou is that they always give me an extra pita when I ask nicely. And heat it up to boot! It's the little things that really make a place worth five stars :)
Inconspicuously fantastic in so many ways...

A roof deck patio built not for people watching and the see-and-be-seen, but actual intimate conversation over delectable food and coffee. Quiet and unassuming, Algiers' "patio" probably wasn't even on the list of considerations for Boston Mag's 25 Best Alfresco Dining spots, and for that I am glad.  Some of those spots are so chichi that I believe the essence of eating out has completely gone out the window in favor of the name-dropping, eye-popping crowd just looking to get looked at.

Tonight, I watched the sunset over a plate of hummus and barbecued lamb, had amazing conversation and espresso Romano for about three hours and hardly noticed a person noticing a person noticing, well, pretty much anything but the person they were with. 

It's hard for me to admit this, but I can overlook the slow, sometimes non-existent service because the food and atmosphere are so unusually unadulterated that waiting for 10 minutes for the waitress to re-fill my water wasn't as unpleasant as it would have been in another place.
My friends and I were having some late night adventures in LA and my friend, who went to UCLA recommended for us to try this place out for some late night eats. 

Their menu is pretty small and simple. The place is small and it does not really have any tables or anything; just a few stools. Its more of place to grab your food and go; or in our case linger outside and eat. 

I got the Chicken Wowshi with three cheeses. It was pretty filling. Its enough for two people; I couldn't finished it. Since it was late and hungry I was feel lazy to stuff it with veggies so I just pretty muched drenched the whole thing in the yummy White sauce and the Hot sauce. So delish.

Its nothing fancyor anything its just simple food. I would definitely come back again if I was in the area!
despite the enormous and horrifying pictures of people that cover the inside of this place, i still love it.  and most based on one ingredient:  eggplant.  i love eggplant.  i will eat eggplant in pretty much any form and falafel king is kind enough to create many dishes using this lovely ingredient.  baba ganouj, eggplant with tomato, eggplant with garlic, eggplant with yogurt...  and i think there's more.  i'm partial to getting the vegetarian plate special, which is large enough to split with a friend and yet only costs well under ten bucks, where you can choose five salads (i could do all eggplant but i usually vary it with some hummus and maybe something else) and get falafel, pita, and those fried veggie chips, which i try to avoid.  they'll even warm the pita for you if you want.  the chicken plate is also really good and really huge.  cheap, good food, big portions...  i'll look past the enormous scary pictures for an easy and good lunch.
This place is badass.  Food is prepared quick because the menu is pretty basic, which means you're either going to get beef, lamb or chicken.  I believe each is cooked only one certain way, so when you get a schwarma or plate, its the same thing.  So its not that its been sitting there, there are just alot of people wanting to eat there and the food is prepared just right so it accomodates for all the customers.

This is a good spot for lunch when you are in the area.  I dont believe they are open late or even on evenings.  You'r more likely to make it if you're around here on Lunch time.  

Price is right for what you get.   I've tried several Mediterranean type foods, and this is the most consistent.  Good service, Family run business with great food.
Great place for local bands to play a show. I can't really complain about this place at all. I have yet to try their dinners though. I've heard mixed reviews but I'm willing to try anything. Plus I'm big on eatting.(but moreso going to shows)

Wicked easy to get to, usually decent pricing for the shows. I went there one time to see a Suicide Girls burlesque show, it was actually really lame cos most of the girls were really hideous, but I got in for cheap. Right on.

Either way, if you're looking to catch a great local show, this is the place.
Another delicious work lunch (Moroccan chicken wrap) at Viva Cafe, and I sent a few more colleagues over to try it. But I have to say that the desserts feel sort of generic and 'phoned-in'. How about chocolate-covered dates, coconut dates, basbousa, ghoraibi, halva, sesame seed cookies, or something really out of the ordinary that will draw more people in?
Came here last week and ordered the lamb and chicken kabob plates. After receiving my change from the cashier our food came out in within a minute.  It looked busy and the indoor dining area is a bit crammed.  It was about 1ish.  The lamb was dry and didn't have much flavor to it.  The chicken was a bit dry as well and it was the better out of the 2.  I enjoyed the rice pilaf, pita bread and hummus.  I came here because of the 4.5 star rating and of course I was meeting up some friends.  The meat was not the freshest.  I prefer my kabobs cooked fresh and not ready made.  This place is ahhhhhright...
I really wish they would revise their phone order policy...they say they only do phone orders for kebabs. Whole chickens should be included because I waited fifteen minutes and only got my stuff when I started to bitch about it. 

For those not in the know....chicken is beautiful. Hummus is great, basmati rice is fluffy and flavorful. 

Love Zankou...Pasadena location, not so much.
Yeah, this place has its generic fare of baba ganoush, tabbouleh, pita, etc.  But as most UCLA students know, you go for the hookah/shisha.  There's variety and the smoke is fine.

But the one thing that really bothers me is the ambience.  Hookah bars are supposed to be relaxing, but loud blaring music and the cramped spaces just makes for a more stressful experience.  Otherwise, the hookah itself is fine.
I discovered Algiers today & love it! The atmosphere is very nice. There are 2 floors, high ceilings, and I loved the decor: colorful & eclectic. The service was exceptional. Everyone was so nice and attentive. Some people were eating and enjoyed the full menu and others were drinking coffee & doing work. I came to do work & was fine. It was a little loud but I had my headphones in and was fine. 

Extra Plus's - an outdoor deck, air conditioning inside (which I especially enjoyed b/c I went on a Hot, summer day), AND it's open late (which is rare in Boston).
"Ehhhh" is the word to use here. My boyfriend got traditional Mediterranean food, while I got a bagel. It was ok. Nothing special. Very loud and a little overwhelming, though.  Prices are low but higher than other diners in the area.
Ed's is a great place for cheap eats and mediocre food. Hey, I'm a college student; I can't live in the lap of luxury all the time. The pizza varies from good to mediocre. It is never great and never horrible. Their buffalo wings are delicious though. Yum. And they have at least 6 different sauces ranging from mild to XXX to suit every palette. 

I'd definitely recommend this to any hungry student (or adult) who is short on funds. Hey, we have all been there!
This is the best Middle Eastern sandwich shop that I've ever been to.  EVER.  They load up the wraps with lettuce, hummus, tabouli, hot sauce (get the hot sauce), pickles, and whatever else you want.  This is top-notch wrap-making in action.

I'm actually struck dumb and don't know what to say right now.  This place is so delicious that I want to slap somebody.  The kafta kabob is my A-list #1 top choice here.

If I still lived/worked in Providence, I would eat here at least twice a week.  Just go, already (and tell them to open another shop in Boston)!

Secret bonus:  It used to be that if you left a dollar in the tip jar, they would hand you a piece of one of their delicious pastries.  Ssshhhhh.
Amazing food! Great prices! Mad cool staff! Gyro or BBQ chicken are mighty tasty!
Honestly, I was skeptical to eat here when I walked by for the first time. On my way in, all I saw was salad bar and being a meat lover, I was a bit concerned. Then I saw the huge piece of meat roasting in the back and decided to give it a shot. Ended up loving this place!

They give huge portions for under $10. Personal favorite would probably be the skirt steak plate. Takes a bit longer to prepare, but it's worth it because it's grilled on the spot. My usual sides are rice, mushrooms, and avocado. Then, I load the plate with the pico de gallo and hot sauce in the side bar. To top it off, they give you pita bread and these super good deep fried pita chips. Ends up looking like a mountain of delicious. 

To be fair, I actually ended up liking the salad bar. They have hummus, falafel, couscous, etc. etc. So, definitely recommending it not only for the meat!
I've found it!

For all the years since I moved to Boston (during college and after), I have searched endlessly for a place that has such authentic Arabic food that it can rival the memories from home (Dubai) that leave my tastebuds drooling. I'm half Lebanese, and I feel justified in saying these are among the most authentic Middle Eastern (specifically Lebanese) flavours I've found in Boston yet!

Since we've passed by this place several times and always wanted to check it out, we finally decided to get around to it while walking through Central Square in search for a bite. And my oh my, a delicious bite it was. We didn't order too much as it was just meant to be a bite rather than the food-gorging we usually indulge in, but we left feeling extremely pleasantly full - even more full than we'd planned on being - when we left.

The ZuZu platter is the answer to my mezzeh cravings, and I have to say it was pure bliss, munching our way through the different sections that surrounded the pot of fire. (Those flames were fun, and added to the already warm and intimate atmosphere). The "fatayer" was just as they were meant to be (both the meat and the spinach/cheese ones), with the pastry just doughy and just fluffy enough with slight crispness on the corner shells.. the insides, perfectly seasoned. The "wara einab" (vine leaves) were finally the best I've had in Boston yet (most people make them too lemony, serve them cold, etc.. these taste just like my mum's, honestly)... the hommous was delicious and just the right texture, and the baba ghanouj was fantastic. I know, I'm raving like a lunatic, but you can't expect me not to sing their praises when I have found somewhere that makes kibbeh that tastes exactly like my mother's!!!!!! Heaven. 

Their 'shish tawouk' was great too: the chicken on the kebabs themselves were juicy and tender, and the garlicky cream was just as it tastes in my favourite Lebanese place back home. We also ordered the eggplant with spiced ground lamb, which was also delicious. The pita bread they serve with is also great, and the spices in the toasted/baked pieces really pack a punch. My juice cocktail was also incredibly fresh, and it was really inexpensive for what it was!

I just had to ask the funky bartender (we ate at the bar, in too much of a rush to wait for a table) where the chefs were from - as I suspected, they are both Lebanese. Chefs of Zuzu - you managed to cure my food-homesickness with your appetizer menu alone, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'll definitely be back every time I'm craving a bit of authentic Middle Eastern food, that will stop my stomach crying out from missing it so much. YEAY!

UPDATE 12/18/07:
As with my Middle East review, someone asked me (non-sarcastically, hehe) what my attraction was with this place, to expand on my review a bit. Well my focus was on that mezzeh platter! I haven't tried too many other dishes here to be honest, but the others I've tried have also been tasty/good quality. Some are not really that Middle Eastern, but it's that hot mezzeh platter which I rave about, that's the star. A better place to eat than the Middle East I think, but great atmosphere and even if the rest weren't good (which they are) I'd go back to Zuzu just to enjoy that mezzeh dish alone! Mmmm.
The falafel & hummus sandwich is awesome, give it a try.
It's been a while since I have eaten here but its a very cozy place, family owned and welcoming place. Fyi : The food was delicious!
i LOVE this place.
i went there for the first day it opened since i work across the street on gayley...
and was shocked by the discovery
"4 Stars" for their falafel. One of the best places if that's what you're craving.

Slight reservation and that's minor is the place is small and sometimes the aroma of the lamb and meat turns me off.

"5 Stars" for service. The owner husband and wife are sweet people, very warm. I've been going there off-and-on going back to their old location and they've always been kind people.
It comes to be a great disappointment when I read the reviews of this place. I will tell you, I am quite the happy customer of this establishment. I have tried Rana Halal, Saads, and various other places that claim to have middle eastern cuisine. I find falafel house to be unique. The taste and flavor are not your ordinary halal style foods, but rather more... collegized to say the least. 

By collegized, I mean, adjusted to the plalets of the typical college student customer. When looking for a change as opposed to just ordering a typical cheesesteak, falafel house provides the best alternative that I can think of in their shwarma choices. 

Their salads are not horrible either, only I wish they provided some more for the money. To describe the flavors, I would like to just say that you have to try it in order to determine is it is good or not. I do recommend this place, and I love to order from there on a regular basis.
Get the beef kebab plate ($8.25) or the chicken shawerma plate ($8.00). Includes pita bread, salad, hummus, and rice. I guarantee that you will not find a better deal anywhere else in Pasadena. Beef kebab is amazing: juicy and tender. Chicken shawerma plate has juicy chicken, no dryness, and it's easy to eat!

The BEST part about this place is the fact that they have the food ready for you before you can finish filling up your drink. I can't count the number of times I've ordered my meal and just finished paying with my card when they brought my food to me. The quality has never been compromised because of their speed.

Go here! You will never be disappointed! The only downside is that this place is super popular at lunchtime so if you want a quick bite to eat (and a place to sit) then you should come after 1:30 p.m.
My favorite standby for Mediterranean food.  Beef shawerma and roasted chicken are my favs.  The prices have gone up over the past 10 years but that's expected.  I still think it's reasonable (on the higher $ end of reasonable) for the amount of food you get ~$10/plate.
I simply cannot understand the negative things some reviewers are saying about this place! I have tried every falafel spot in that area of berkeley and Fa La  La is sooo much better. The pita is amazing, fluffy and moist, making me realize that there was the first place I had actually had real authentic pita bread. They bake it in the store every morning!

About the falafel itself-the aboslute best, hands down. It is crispy on the outside and very moist and bursting with flavor on the inside. They are on the smaller side, but they put 4 in each sandwich, which I think makes it easier to stuff in all the amazing toppings they offer for free at the salad bar. 

About the salad bar, they just added some new sides: tzatziki sauce which is a yummy yogurt sauce and pickled carrots along with their pickled cabbage, lettuce cucumber and tomato salad, fried eggplant and tahini and hot sauce. 

Another great recent addition is meat! All organic grass fed beef that is braised to perfection-juicy and flavorful...mmmm. Also free range organic grilled chicken that is marinated in garlic, lemon, rosemary and some middle eastern seasoning, also very juicy and delicious. 

All in all I can't say enough good things about this place. Being a student at UC Berkeley I am so used to the cheap food around here, its good, but you get what you pay for, which is low quality food. That's what makes this place different, you can tell that the owner and the people working here really care about the product they are selling, not to mention the great customer service. You can taste the love in every bite!
I just come here because ben affleck comes here. I just eat whatever he eats. 

What happened to this place? It used to be the bomb... I feel like its gone down hill a bit... or maybe my palette is now more refined... hrm... I actually prefer falafel corner in Harvard Sq or the Jerusalem cafe in Back Bay for my falafel... I mean this place is still good, but it used to be so much better. 

Thanks a lot Ben Affleck you freakin douche.
Food (7.5/10) = Ordered the combination platter since this was my first time to Hummus and I wanted to sample a few things on their menu.  The platter included:

1) Shawarma = this was ok.  Not bad, but not great.

2) Falafel = this was ok also.

3) Choice of meat (I ordered Chicken) = the best part of the combo platter.  If I go back to hummus, I would order the chicken kabob itself again.

4) Pita and hummus = the hummus was good.  A lot of the previous Yelpers mentioned that this was probably the only good thing from this restaurant.

Choice of french fries or rice (I chose rice) = Standard white rice.  

Choice of two sides: Ordered the eggplant and baba ganoush.  The eggplant was fried and it was descent.  The baba ganoush was really salty. It was my least favorite part of the combo platter

The platter cost close to ~$15.  This platter was definitely not worth $15.  A bit of a rip off...oh well.


Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  I came here for take-out, but the restaurant for the most part looked clean.

Service (7.5/10) = Can't really comment much here.  They took my order, and I got my food.  

Overall Opinion = This place seems really popular for take-out.  When I first arrived to this place, one of the guy's just got off the phone and made the comment, "I think the whole hospital just placed their orders."  Would I come back to Hummus?  Probably,...but it would be something for convenience.
Is it me, or was this place better in its old location?  I hadn't been to Falafel King in quite awhile, so I decided to get a bite to eat there today and it just didn't live up to my memory of the old place.  That being said, the falafel was pretty good, smaller than I remember, but good.  I got lucky because he had just made a fresh batch of falafel when I walked in, so my order hadn't been sitting in a chaffing dish.  I also got five sides with my order -- two different kinds of eggplant, dolmas, cucumber yogurt, and lentil salad, plus two pieces of pita bread and a few chips.  The chips are interesting.  It's a good amount of food for about $9.  I just remember it being better...
Whilst back on campus, I got very hungry and decided to risk going back. I got a shwarma and it was delicious. The service was fast and I was happy. It seems when they are slow, they are really slow, and when they actually have to work, they do a pretty good job.
This is a funny little place: its run by a disorganized couple who are extremely nice, but have a tendency to forget about orders. But no matter -- with persistence, you will get your order, and whatever delay, it will have been worth it. They make delicious, amazing food. The meat wraps are the best (Kibbe, lamb and green beans, and grape leaf wraps are my favorite). Smoothies aren't as good as at the 61c down the block, but then again, I've never found a smoothie to be the equal of a 61c smoothie. 

You get a choice of yogurt sauce or chips with your sandwich order. Hint: Choose the yogurt sauce.
This place is absolutely fantastic.  I wanted a broad sample of their dishes, so I opted for the $22 "Royal Feast" that is essentially a gigantic sampler platter that includes a side salad and baklava for dessert.  I loved every single bite, and the garlic paste was positively to-die-for.

The service was a little on the slow side, so I wouldn't suggest this place for someone on a tight schedule, but the quality is positively phenomenal.  The price is a bit on the high side, but not unreasonable considering the amount of quality food you get for your money.
I had their chicken and gyro takeout. It was tasty, but we had to wait a while for our food. The waiter was an older woman, and she did not look too happy when she was serving us. I guess I'm not going back there again in a while.l
Yummy falafel for a reasonable price - hurray! AND you can get a side of belgian cut fries?? - double hurray! (although the fries were a little over cooked during my visit :X)

Other notables:

- You can also opt for a whole wheat pita. 
- Hummus will cost you can extra fifty cents.
- The self serve toppings bar is pretty awesome.
- Apparently the beef is not as good as the falafel.
Food is pretty good here. I always get the lamb kabobs and have never been disappointed. It comes with 2 kabobs which are excellent, a little bit of salad and some hummus. It is also served with some rice which I often don't eat because I'm too full. The price is relatively reasonable and the place earns an automatic star for their speed. They will often have your food in front of you before you even finish ordering. Their menu is simple but it is what makes them so fast and consistent. I'd definitely recommend this place.
I've eaten here several times and can't over how delicious their Chicken Shawerma wraps are!  That's my favorite lunch meal because its quick/portable and not too heavy for lunch.  The chicken is flavorful and not dry at all.  I also like to order a side of Pita & hummus to snack on.

Whenever I get the chance to eat from this place, I would!  Highly recommend this place.  ;)
i'm generally not such a fan of the middle east. my impression is that it attracts a crowd that is actively trying to be alternative - whereas i'm more of a don't try to be anything but yourself kinda person. i'm not super impressed by the mideastern eats (check out moody's falafel palace or the reef cafe instead) and i think the concert space is sort of not so hot. that being said, i saw augustana there the other day for $10. its cheap, you really see the band because its so small - it ends up being kind of intimate. so for the right band, i say its worth the hop over the river.
If we go here you can rest assured, we are in the process of a date.  ZuZu is the perfect place to take that special someone, or in some cases that not-so-special someone to wine and dine and dance the night away.  Sandwiched between the Middle East and, believe it or not, the Middle East again, this cozy little join serves food, booze, and that certain je ne sais quoi that makes a date a real winner.  Up until around 11 pm (Thurs-Sat; 10 Sun-Wed) this place serves food, which is not to be missed.  The Platanos Fritos make a great dish to share, and a great conversation starter.  
"Did you know the plantain is part of the musa family and the banana is more correctly called the banana plantain?"
"Wow, you're so smart, I'm glad we are on a date.  You know, how about I cover this so you can spend that money towards buying the motorcycle of your dreams."
...that's the world I want to live in.  Until that world comes to pass, ZuZu is still a great place.  The walls are decorated with large mirrors and work from local artists (Also for sale, if you have the cashola).  As for entrees: the pork chop is a perfect complete meal.  The sauce is sweet and salty and goes great with the tender chop and the mashed potatoes.  Spinach has always been a favorite of mine, and they do it to perfection.  The fried chicken is also good, but remember: as much as you want to pick it up to take a bite, its not appropriate for a first date (unless she goes to the bathroom, then by all means chow down on that guy and don't forget the salsa verde).

Once your late dinner is done move to cocktails (they have a house selection of cocktails and a mildly impressive beer list) and wait for the music to start.  SoCo kamikazes and a Sidecar or two should make the time fly fairly fast.  Thursday through Saturday the place gets packed once the music starts so grab one of the tables against the wall to ensure you still have a place to sit (when you need to).  Saturday is Soul, which is becoming more popular soul than quality soul music.  Regardless of the night, you can always seduce her with the rhythmic motion of your glutes.  If you aren't too careful one of the regulars might pick her, or you, up for a dance.

Bottom Line:Go here, bring your date for a late dinner and some dancing.  The food is great, as is the music.  Just be careful as I (or one of the other regulars caught up in the revelry) might try to dance with her...or you.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about this wonderful establishment? I can only echo everyone's praises of the greatest falafel I've ever had... do yourself a tremendous favour and order a falafel wrap, everything on it, WITH HOT SAUCE. I just ate lunch and I'm salivating just thinking about it. They also have "dynamite" sauce in a bottle (different from the aforementioned hot sauce) that lives underneath the ingredients, and if you ask for it, the folks there will douse some on your wrap, but I warn you, it's pretty damn hot. 

Their chicken wraps are also good... as are their grape leaves... as is their baklava... as is everything else on their menu, but their superstar is definitely the falafel wrap. All decently priced. And don't worry--you WILL be full afterwards!

Oh, how I wish Thayer Street were closer to Boston... but, hey, for this alone, the hour drive/train ride would be worth it!
The food here is a perfect late night treat, but the service is...near-violent? It's hard to explain, but while the guys are making you a tasty shawarma, you get this really harsh vibe, like you've said something so horrible they can barely keep their rage in check. I guess dealing with drunk people all night will do that to you.

Falafel is actually not their strong suit. Get a proper shawarma if your diet allows. The desserts are very sweet, but also very good in moderation.

You can afford to pig out a bit here, but I've always come here for a quick lunchtime meal or a late-night snack.
love the chicken shawerma, but thats it!
I am hesitant about any place that advertises as the best of anything, but I went because my best friend asked me to meet her there.  I am so glad I did.  The avocado falafel pita is the best falafel I have had since I was in Spain.  The sandwich is stuffed with items.  It seemed like an entire avocado was split between the two halves, along with mucho falafel, tahini, hummus, and fresh veggies.  Every other turkish place I have gone to seems to just throw in lettuce mix, sometimes tomato, and a little sauce.  I love to eat and I couldn't force myself to finish the entire sandwich for lunch.  I have been craving this sandwich ever since I left.  And the whole deal cost me less than $6.  Awesome!!!!!!!!
Went for lunch today and enjoyed some of the food here.  
My wife had the falafel platter - which is really the ingredients to make a falafel sandwich just you put it together.  The ingredients were fresh, but the tahini didn't really have any flavor.

I had the moujadara which is lentils and rice topped with caramelized onions.  Very flavorful, very filling, and very hot.

We also tried a zaatar pie because it is listed as the most favored Lebanese pie - tasted like burnt seasonings atop a small pita.  Not so much good.

Overall nice, but there is better in the Capital District.  I don't think we'll be back.
I have been blessed to be able to live up the street from this literal palacio de falafel.  I come here every Saturday post-gym (because what better way to unwind from a spinning class than with fried chickpeas?!) and I have yet to be disappointed.  It's probably not a good thing that I can now recognize the Syrian techno that they are always playing, but hey, I'm patronizing a local business!

The falafel here is top-notch, and so are the chicken schwarma and the grape leaves.  I am always satisfied, and I cannot think of any other place in Central Square where you can have a full (vegetarian) meal for under $7.  However, I withheld the 5th star because the minimum for credit cards is $15, and it is really hard to reach that with one person!
Had an order of The Fa-La-La (~$9): Pita with falafel, salad bar (tomato & cucumbers, red and green cabbage, eggplant, & pickles), fries and soft drink. Food was delicious, staff was welcoming, and the ambiance was lively.

NOTE: Day-old pitas can be purchased (~$2/bag) and tend to stay fresh for a couple of days (a few more if refrigerated).
It's been years since I've been here, and nothing has changed.  It's still great!  Most middle eastern/mediterranean places always lack something, like the hummus is a little 'off' or the chicken is dry and tasteless.  Not so here.

Everything is top notch!  The whole chicken was juicy, the beef shawerma was intense and the chicken tarma was rich.  I can't get over how flavorfull the hummus and rice were!  I could have made a meal on that hummus and pita alone.

And really, honestly,  you come here for the garlic sauce.  Thick creamy garlicky goodness that is as good on it's own or slathered on anything on the menu.  And, if you're like me, you can eat the stuff with a spoon.  Just don't expect any close conversations or kisses for a few days after....
For dinner, don't come here. 

But for Saturday soul nights, don't miss out! This is a place where you can really dance and meet others that enjoy dancing for its enjoyment, rather than as an excuse to get a little somethin somethin' (although you always do find exceptions).  I always have soo much funnn dancing here! It's jam packed from wall to wall for a reason!
I ate here yesterday on a whim.  Wow, I'm really happy that I did.

I had the chicken kebab sandwich (really more like a gyro type wrap).  Chicken was grilled to order and was cooked perfectly.  I assume the owners were the ones behind the counter; they were very nice and helpful.

I'm going to have to go back and try all of their daily specials as well as the house kebab sandwich.  Everything looked and smelled amazing.
Man u love this spot!!!
Greater Boston, being alongside with San Francisco the most European of metropolitan areas in the United States, should have more eatery places like Moody's Falafel Palace. This Central-Sq. obligated late night stop for God's hungry children offers healthy and tasty food from the Middle East at a very affordable price. 
While in Europe it was easy to find these independent food stands which run at a small scale and don't hurt your wallet. So far I've been two times and I'm already a fan. Try the baba ganouj (however it's spelled) sandwich. This is not a place for an elaborate date, but I'm sure a lady would appreciate if you showed her this convenient place for the first time.
This place is so-so for me.  The first time I went I liked it because of the ambience and their orange mint chocolate drink, but now the novelty's worn off.  I'd go only if my friends want to go, since they tend to want to stay in Harvard Square rather than travel for food and entertainment.
It was great new find. We ignored all those hep places surrounding this small carry out place and gave this a try. The food was awesome, the place was clean. Quantity was enough to share between two persons, to make a light lunch or a heavy dinner for one person. I had Chicken schwarma, it came with rice, lettuce, a white sauce and a red sauce. Red sauce had some kick to it, ooo very spicy. I will definitely try this place again. Not crowded on a saturday evening. They have limited sitting space. You can pack the food and take it to Charles River nearby and have a fun picnic. Very cheap.
Cafe Algiers is great because it's actually a coffee house, i.e. a three-story building with a balcony.  Since Boston/ Cambridge cafes usually consist of a single room, I really appreciate this place.  The ambiance is pretty pleasant...think of Arabia transported into some old wooden French house.  The  service can be slow but who cares when you can just sit, read or watch the people go by on the balcony.
*The ONLY late night pit-stop for REAL food in Central Sq.  ("Real" as in none of that pizza down Mass Ave).  It's definitely worth the late night trip.  

*Lamb Shawarma! Thumbs up!  Good solid wrap. $5.  Beware that they usually run out of this; so it's not available after midnight ish on busy nights?

*I prefer not to get the combo plates; the food is too compartmentalized and the take-out box is bulky.  The wrap is where its at.  All the delicious ingredients are well-mixed and bundled into a ready-to-eat form (oh, and grill pressed too right before it's served).  Moody's is afterall a food pit-stop: order, grab'n'go, and bon appetit!
The Middle East is a cool and more intimate venue than some of the larger, and pricier, venues in New England (think the Palladium).  They have a friendly staff, rather decent draft beer selection, and a pretty good restaurant that you can get a discount on your food bill with your ticket stub to a show.  

The music venue part of the Middle East is intimate, but not tiny. It allows enough room for a decent sized crowd, with enough space off to the sides for a shorter person to be able to get a good view of the bands.  I have seen two shows there so far and I had a pretty awesome time both nights.  

The Middle East restaurant has me almost wanting to take away one of the stars of this review out of principal. They earned the extra star because of the music venue.  On my first visit there were no problems.  We were seated right away, received stellar service, complimentary delicious pita bread while we waited, and our food was delicious and inexpensive (especially with the coupon from our ticket to the show).  The second trip was a different story.  The server argued with us over having a copy of the ticket stub in order to get the coupon.  We had gotten our tickets online and didn't have a hard copy ticket, but the will call people gladly gave us a ticket stub so we could get our discount.  After being seated, we never had our drink orders taken.  The server gave us water and took our food order but never asked if we wanted anything other than water.  We had to ask in order to receive our complimentary pita, although all of the other tables had theirs.  This would have been fine, but she seemed a bit huffy about having to oblige us.  The food was very good again.  They have lots of vegetarian entrees, along with sandwiches, kabobs, and other delicious choices.  I would recommend the couscous platter, which was out of this world.  

The Middle East is off of a very busy Cambridge street, so finding parking is a total pain (or nightmare, depending on the time of day and if school is in session).  There is some street parking, but you are usually better off going to a garage if it is a Friday or Saturday evening.  Also, don't park on the streets in the surrounding neighborhoods as it is permit parking only.  

Overall, I dig the Middle East as a music venue more than as a restaurant. It's a fun place to spend an evening, catch an awesome show, and see all of the too cool for school Cambridge kids roaming the street outside.
Having passed this seemingly packed and popular venue once a week for over two years it seemed like a good idea to pull over and actually try it out. I wished I had kept driving. Obviously what this place has to offer is music and drinks, because the meals my friend and I received could hardly be considered food. You would think that with slow and relatively rude service, a good meal would be a necessary compensatory mechanism to balance out the universe, but as things were, the culinary abortions that were slopped ever so gracefully onto our wobbly plate glass table didn't do the job. I had the lamb and pea entree, and I still can't really figure out what inedible portion of the lamb was chopped off before being served over the soggy rice and peas with what i hope was noodles mixed in a cambells tomato soup sauce/bad beef stew broth. My friend on the other hand, decided to go with a vegetarian dish, I believe it was called the Pumpkin Kibby something or another. Actually it doesn't matter what it was called because what she got was a brick that looked like a pumpkin pie sliced out of a box, and then burnt to a flavorless crisp...with yogurt sauce. 

To be completely fair, the appetizers were not bad at all. A salad and falafel. So I guess if your goal is to have a small snack with copious amounts of alcohol, then by all means, come here. Otherwise, get your meal somewhere else.
I was surprised that the falafel were discs rather than the more traditional balls of spiced ground chickpeas. Aside from that I got the falafel platter for $8.95 and I think I got 6 or 8 pieces of falafel, a pita, rice, hummus and two veggies (fried eggplant and cucumber). I would have preferred the eggplant to be grilled rather than fried because I would not have ordered the eggplant had I known it was fried but that being said it was passable albeit way too salty.

The hummus is not what I am used to eating (my girlfriend is Greek and she is always making hummus) but that may be the difference between fast food hummus and homemade hummus. I may go back because the place is convenient but I will not get the falafel again, I will try a kebab or shwarma and go from there.

Place lost a full star because the pita was flavorless, tough and a little soggy for some reason.
This place is delicious!

It's kinda divey inside, but it reminds me of the Coney Islands and greasy spoons I grew up loving in the Midwest, so I am more assured than alarmed by the greasy walls and chipped tabletops.  Besides, while I was there--I was the only white girl in a room full of families, which means that I made a good food decision. 

Food was cheap and delicious and the guys at the counter were super nice. I had asked for no tomatoes when I ordered and that request got overlooked until the cook set my sandwhich in front of me and immediately remembered, and then quickly fixed it after apologizing.

I'm rarely in this part of the city, but I stop in when I am.
This place confirms to me, once again, that (in general) the more unpretentious the location is, the better the food. Great food at reasonable price. Tasty and simple  - what do you want more from life? :-)
Great bread. The dishes were pretty tasty. Overall great place. Too bad, I don't live  in Houston or this would be one of my regular joints
Best place for falafel.  Sabra's is dry and the new Wrapro was even more so. 

I also use this place to reward myself for going to the Boston Sports Club.  I eat Moody's probably once every 6 months.
I really love their lentil soup and the hummus is very good and smooth.  I The kefta sandwich is delicious.  I don't think the atmosphere is the greatest, but they do take-out and it is always hot and fast.
I decided to try out Bella Pita while cruising Westwood with my friend who lives in the area. This is one of those places that seems to get ignored by most people passing by because of it's small size and limited seating, however looks can be deceiving. 

The menu has quite a bit to choose from. Despite having no clue wtf a "Wowshie" was at the time, I decided to order it with chicken as the filling option. There is a full bar with delicious toppings to add to your "wowshie" including hummus which was delicious. While this food is nothing fancy, it filled me up and I can imagine that it must be a very popular late night drunk food option for UCLA students. 

Definitely a place worth checking out if you're in the area looking for a quick easy meal.
Nice little spot to stop in and take shelter from Harvard Square for a cup of coffee or mint tea. I'm no huge tea fan, but ever since I've traveled in Morocco for a month I have a soft spot for mint tea.

Algiers definitely serves up the classic mint tea that I've crave. They also have some jet-fuel like Arabic/Turkish coffee on the menu that I'm also partial to. The atmosphere is a bit hectic and crowded depending on where you get seated. But the layout/structure of the building is super cool as there's a big opening under a skylight that goes from the first to second floor. 

Basically, a nice little spot to stop in or bring a date for a coffee. Not for the reading/lingering types though. I'd feel sort of awkward if I hunkered down with a book or notebook for 3-4 hours as it gets pretty busy in there.
Don't let the looks of the store (and lack of seating) fool you from the delicious goodness of Bella Pita! I've brought countless friends (especially non-UCLA students) to try this place and they keep coming back for the food!

Get the Wowshi, which is freshly baked and not as thick as (and cheaper than) the Pita. You get two halves to share with a friend or save for later. I LOVE their condiments bar. I usually get the really really hot sauce, white sauce, and hummus. I put the veggies in, then add another layer of sauce on top. I also prefer to eat it with a fork so it's not so messy. 

Don't forget to try the Fried Cauliflower or Fries on the side!
The Middle East has several concert rooms, each of which is quality and quirky in its own little way. The band line up is an impressive mix of local up-and-comers and larger national bands. All the while, the place retains its local feel and draw its loyal fanbase.
I came here for the first time today because I was craving for Mediterranean/Greek, and I have to say, this place has tasty food! I really liked the beef kebob (I tried the lamb one from my friend's plate, but it wasn't as good), hummus+pita, and garlic sauce (I don't know the official authentic name). The rice pilaf was so-so and the place is pretty small (not much elbow room between tables), hence -1 star. I think the plate is worth your money because I was full for quite a while, even skipping dinner, and I was starving when I went  Overall, I would definitely come here again.
Walking by this place yesterday brought back my utter feelings of disappointment and dissatisfaction with this falafel experience...I can't believe that I never wrote this place up!!! Thank goodness I walked by it yesterday to remind me to tell all of you true yelpers out there, that this place has to be one of the most overrated places I have been to in Boston so far....

It is tiny...which sure shouldn't be a deterrent, but since it is a late night place, I am not one who after my night of drinking, wants to have to worry about some weird guy standing all up in my business at 2 or 3 am in the morning, let alone trying to make sure you don't spill your food in such cramped quarters! It is cold outside, so of course everyone crams in this place like little sardines to try and eat their late night munchies!!

And the fact that I had had a couple of drinks before I got here, makes it even worse that I was so sad about the quality of food I got here. I literally should have gone to some alley in Central Square and found a dry cardboard box, and taken a bite or two of that, because honestly, their falafel wraps here taste about the same as I think a cardboard box would. Absolutely flavorless, hard, bland, and stale...People must have to be seriously wasted to like this place. The sauce even had no flavor and the lamb wrap we got was exactly the same only a little chewier!

They do have fast service here, especially for the late night crowds that is usually a good thing, but in their case, I would say that means that the food has been sitting out a while...which is maybe why it tasted so bad. Why eat food if it isn't satisfying in the least bit? My question exactly, and if I came here again, I just wouldn't eat anything. Problem solved.
The best part about Rami's is Rami. Going to him just makes me feel good. Bombed an exam? Just go to Rami's and see the smile and care that he puts into making your falafel sandwich or platter. His concern for his customers is unprecedented. He always checks to see if I'm going to "Eat now?" and to make sure that I put my change back into my wallet before taking his sandwich.

On Penn's campus, I feel he's got the best Middle Eastern food truck. The falafel sandwich is pretty decent and the kofta platter is always very tasty. The kofta platter comes with rice, salad, hummus, and a pita. I'm always happily stuffed after finishing one of these.

Rami's is definitely not the fastest food truck in town, and if there's a line, it could take awhile to get your food (~15-20 mins), BUT he's definitely the nicest guy around!

*kofta is minced or ground meat--usually beef or lamb--mixed with spices and/or onions. Go try it!
Incredibly delicious food, unique flavors among the many Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to, very fresh, lovely people, good vibe.  I am so lucky I live four blocks away!!
You've seen Seinfeld. You know the soup nazi. Well, this is the kebab nazi, or the coke nazi, as it were. The screaming, ranting, raving coke nazi and his father, coke nazi senior. 

Why do I say this, non coke drinker that I am? Funny you should ask. So I ordered a coke for my husband, mistake number one. While this is happening the poor guy in front of me is trying to get a coke himself. What comes next was so unbelievable, I'm still reeling. The poor guy says that the CO2 was out and the coke was flat. The dude behind the counter starts screaming at him. Awkward. 

The poor customer is only trying to clear the line after they changed the soda water, then the younger guy practically leaps over the counter screaming "you are wasting my coke, you are wasting my coke!" And so on and so forth. The poor guy just said, it's okay, I'll just have water, screaming continues and he just goes and sits down and tries to ignore the insane guys freaking out. 

So I got to the soda machine. Mistake number two. I start to get some coke, it looks weird. I taste, it tastes weird. I tentatively mention it tastes funny and ask if I need to wait until they deal with the soda machine. Then the screaming starts again. Now this lunatic is screaming at me, lady with baby. I say, never mind, never mind, I don't really care, no need to yell at me. Psychopath just keeps ranting and raving at me and the other beleaguered customer start laughing and comparing notes. Poor coke refugee, baby and I have a laugh and wait for my husband to come inside and taste the coke. I dont tell him anything, just waiting to see what he says. Sure enough, it's all messed up and he says it tastes funny. So the screaming incident comes up and my husband just sort of shrugs it off and tries to eat. 

Then the screaming starts AGAIN! Really? You are going to scream at your customers some more, coke nazi? So the customer mentions as he's about to leave that he really didn't appreciate the way they treated him and that yelling at him was inappropriate. So the guy starts screaming some more! Now my husband says to the coke nazi that screaming at customers is a bad idea, and the guy starts screaming at him! He's ranting and raving about getting lectured by his customers! And his customers are just asking not to be yelled at when they get a flat coke. His response is it's just a damn coke, to which our response was, exactly! So stop screaming at us and be polite. So now the other customer, who was a long time customer says he's never coming back. So the coke nazi replies, GOOD, you are just one stupid customer!!! Then my husband replies, that's great because we aren't coming back either! And coke nazi's reply is, GOOD! I don't care! So I say, I'll certainly review this because people should know you may potentially be accosted and/or maimed by Hannibal, the coke nazi Lechter, if you dare mention that something is amiss. His response is, I don't care, we welcome bad reviews! HA! 

We all laughed and let the guy know we would never be back, we would post a review and be on our way. He sat behind the counter mumbling under his breath some sort of Satanic curses and looking like a raving lunatic as everyone in the interior of the restaurant made a bee-line the hell out of there. 

With the whole restaurant cleared out as a result, and the people outside looking incredulously at what the hell happened in there, we left and took our food and got the hell out. Sadly, this is the second time we went in there and this guy was pretty surly the first time also. But how he screamed at all of us was beyond the pale. These people are certifiably insane, like going to reach under my counter and grab my shotgun, insane. Batsh*t crazy. 

So we aren't going back and I'm guessing neither will anyone else who was in the place when Hannibal and son went off his rocker. Get a new coke machine and some anger management classes and perhaps, perhaps, you won't get shot on the freeway driving your insane aggressive arse home to beat your wife and dog. 

I'd rate the food and prices at four stars. Nazi and son get 666 negative stars. If you dare eat here, order take out, wear your flak jacket and bring your AK to pick up you food. And do not, I repeat, do not attempt to order a coke. 

Take a pill coke nazi, we just wanted a coke that wasn't flat. You are out of your frickin mind! And the baby, he just thinks you're nuts!
Great Falafel wraps and also fantastic (though sloppy) chicken shwarma. fannnntastic. $5 gets you a wrap. Perfect.

The downsides are that if you get there any time between 1215-1 you will be waiting. They only have two people that work at a time max. One of them is the (typically frustrated) owner, but they get the job done and its delicious.
I wen there for a drink on Friday night with a friend.  I'v heard RAVING REVIEWS about this place for their music, atmosphere, etc. but I got a totally negative vibe.  I came with one friend and she ordered food,however I just wanted a drink.  The waitress (who I think was the owner maybe) gave me a nasty look and gave us terrible service after that because I didn't want a 5 dollar fallafel that looked like something you can buy on the street in New York City for 1 dollar.  Sorry!

I hate places like this because they just thrive off their "regulars" and "good reputation" so they feel no need to offer good service, good drinks, or good food.  If I go back I plan to eat beforehand, pre-game beforehand, and go just to experience what is apparently great live music.

Hopefully negative Yelp! reviews can make this place realize they have to up their game.
I don't eat much meat so I haven't tried it here.  The veggie plate was pretty satisfying and comes with pita and tahini sauce if you get a couple pieces of falafel.  I love that you can also get a side of fruit.  The falafel is tasty and a bit tangy, not super dry.  Beware of the babaganoush.  It's gelatinous and smoky.  The prices are on par for the area and the large veggie plate lasts me two meals.
Great cheap Mediterranean food!  I got the lamb and chicken skewers! The chicken was too dry so will not get it again.  The rice was so tasteful and with the spicy sauce and garlic sauce are a perfect touch!

Not much seating except for the front patio so it's good for a quick bite.
We keep going back to Istanbul for the fresh, healthy food options (as well as the not so healthy ones).  Love the outdoor seating and the location in Rice Village.  The service could be better, at times pretty slow, but the food makes up for it.
Their mango lasso is mixed with yogurt
Best falafel in downtown Berkeley hands down! This is the only place I have been where you can have avocado in your falafel sandwich. The baklava is great and features pistachios.

They do not serve fries, which can sometimes leave that falafel sandwich feeling a little lonely.

Service is quick and the food is cheap. The seating in the place is small and not-so cheery, usually I order to go and picnic outside.

The only problem is that because they are mostly family-run they have odd and unpredictable hours.
It's an Indian Chipotle.  Good stuff.  You can get curry chicken on naan that you can watch be cooked (baked??? It's a weird cooker to me) right in front of you.  With sour cream and cheese?  Yes!!  Try it out; my review cannot do it justice.
The mentha chocolate frappe/iced beverage and mocha coffee were both very very good but over-priced. The waitresses are so pointless... why are they there? It's a coffee shop! Yes you can get over-priced middle-eastern food there too and it did look fairly good... I just really don't want or need a waitress bothering me while i'm drinking a cup of coffee. She was painfully slow too. That was annoying. I'd probably come back here atleast one other time to maybe discover something new and delicious. 3 stars is perfect- it's A-OK.
Falafel texture was really not great, very mushy and bland.  Do they not use fresh chickpeas or something?  Condiment bar was also just OK, not super great.

I don't think I would come back here, I'd rather wait for the Liba Falafel truck to be nearby.

The hummus was pretty good though, it's possible I would stop in again for that on a veggie pita sandwich if I was in the area.  Outside seating was nice too.
the service was pretty good. the waiters ?came by frequently and changed the coal even though the place was PACKED.

i dont really know the  prices at hookah bars but 61 bucks for one hooka a sandwich, and 3 waters seemed kind pricey?

the music is wayyyyyyyy too loud i thought hooka was supposed to be chill?

cant even hold a conversation.

they have parking street and paid lot parking everywhere.


oh and their unisex bathrooms are ABSOLUTELY disgusting
it is what it is - but not nearly as good as what it once was.  it used to be a funky middle-eatern themed place with small to large plates, including great variations of cuban sandwiches.  now it's a pricier place with entrees that don't seem too terribly middle-eastern (ok, there are hints, but really just hints).

they do still make a solid drink, and I still credit them for hooking me on drinks well before those drinks became popular.  but I think that's the highlight of the place - which is sad, because it definitely has the whole 'you have to eat to sit' mentality - and a bar that sits no more than 10, so you are hard pressed to come here just for the occassional cocktail
One of my favorite places to visit in Westwood. It's a bit small, but it's fun to go with one or two friends and either cozy up inside or have a mini-picnic outside. 

I always have to order the same thing--Lamb Pita with feta cheese, with a Mexican Coke bottle to wash it all down. Pure bliss. They should name that the Kevin Special. It would be awesome. 

PS: There is a strategy to the toppings bar! Pita in one hand, fork in another--squeeze the pita so it opens and you can mix the ingredients together. Easy peasy.
Up until today I actually had a 4 star review for this place given I've gone there 3-4 times for lunch. Though the consistency and quality of food seemed to be on a downslope I dinn wanna bother changing the review here (life's too short to do so).. But this last SaturdayI went here for dinner with few out of town friends and we had an awful experience. Most of the things we ordered seemed like they had been cooked a day back or something. The spicy shrimp gravy (daily special) was more like like boiled shrimp in tomato ketchup.. The side of diced/fried potatoes seemed like it had been sitting out for a coupla days..  

The worst part - Bad/stale food is one thing but one of my friends got violently ill immediately after the meal and we actually had to take a detour and go to Rite Aid before we went back home. Kinda spoilt her entire weekend (sorry Chinki beta! for recommending this place).

Msg to mgmt - Improve your game people!!! I know you're capable of much better food since I've had it myself in the past but if this stale-food saga continues, you WILL bear the brunt of unhappy/angry customers. & let's not forget you're located in Pasadena (otherwise known as food-ville) so there are plenty of other middle-eastern restaurants who will be more than happy to take our business without poisoning us..
Went there for the 1st time for an early dinner and was entirely satisfied with atmosphere, cleanliness, and food!

The lentil soup was buttery and delicious.  We split the vegetarian mezza platter for 2 enjoyed all the components!  We were equally pleased with the baklava that used rose water instead of honey, so less goopy than it's Greek counter-part.

The owner provided courteous, good natured service and made us feel welcome.  We'll be back to work our way through the menu!
It's ok, to me a bit pricey. I was more of a Grand Chicken fan, I could get more for my money and the garlic was "YUMMY" R.I.P Grand Chicken, i will miss you. I found zankous garlic more "salty" I did find grand employees more friendly.
went to soul-le-lu-jah. the buzz going in to this place was good, it was supposed to be one of the best regular music nights in Boston. so i said AIGHT, let's do this, and went there with some friends.

it was quite possibly the worst hipster dance party i've been to... and i've had my fair share of hipster dance parties being from san francisco.

first of all, WHAT THE FUCK, MR DJ? i saw this guy practically cuss out three girls because they came too close to the tables. i understand that that's your craft, and that it's very important to you... BUT YOU EVEN BARELY QUALIFY AS A DJ.

A DJ at a dance event keeps the music constantly going by seamlessly mixing one song into the next. You, on the other hand, stop the disc, and then switch the record and start that song haphazardly with a bunch of silence in the middle. WHAT DO YOU EVEN HAVE TWO TURNTABLES FOR? The music isn't even consistent... there's no consistent bpm, it can be a slow song and then trainwreck into a fast one immediately after. i might as well just be listening to iTunes!

let's not get into how packed this fucking place gets. nothing like sweaty hipster shoulders digging into your back.

drink service was slow and terrible.

dude, seriously, listen to spank rock's voila compilation - that's how you're supposed to mix music together:

http://www.google.com/search?q=spank+rock+voila
Reasonably priced, tasty food (I had a falafel wrap with cucumber &yogurt - refreshing!) but the service is sort of lacking. I think my first visit was just before a shift change, so perhaps the server was distracted by end-of-shift duties -- still, he completely forgot that I was sitting outside for about 10 minutes, and then forgot my drink after I reminded him twice. Not great if you're on a half-hour lunch break. Oh well - the food came promptly once I finally ordered, and was yummy! And, the server felt bad that he'd forgotten me, and so brought me a slice of baklava as an apology. Delicious.

I'd definitely go back again next time I have a falafel craving - but I'll make sure I have plenty of time to spare.
The food isn't exactly anything to write home about, but it's consistent & never disappoints. However, they definitely make the best basic gyro & I haven't found a philly cheesesteak as good as theirs in this city yet. Their fries are stellar, too & the orders always come out fast. I order through CampusFood.com occasionally & that's been a positive experience as well. They have a drink cooler the size of most gas stations so I've been known to pop in just to pick up a 20oz of something now & then.

The guys who run this place are always polite & jovial. I'm pretty sure it' a family business which doesn't help or hurt anything but I feel good supporting them. The dining room is pretty lacking on atmosphere but for a meal under $10 I don't expect much atmosphere anyway.

My ONLY complaint is that their take out boxes & fountain drink cups are all styrofoam but that's still so common you can hardly fault them for it.
Delicious and cheap. The spinach and feta sandwich is great and their falafel is tasty and full of parsley. Everything is served with a lot of lettuce, which is a little annoying and they do go heavy on the spice shaker.  I'd suggest not eating in, the atmosphere is nothing special. 3.5 stars
Go upstairs, get a mint tea and a play a game of backgammon while you enjoy the beautiful art and atmosphere, you'll be transported to Tunisia.

Very authentic tea, next time I need to try the food!
Good, but messy.  And having to put on your own toppings is kind of a pain.  I would never attempt to eat one of these pitas in public, because my clumsy self ends up wearing half of it.  You've got tahini and hummus and whatever else flying all over the place.  It is delicious though.
Went in hoping for Falafel got a Naan wrap the size of my arm.

The Naan being made in a oven in front of you is a nice touch.

I got one with chickpeas and veggies. More food that I should have eaten as quickly as I did. A bit of a messy procedure to eat the thing but I did. 

If you want to eat at an alternative to the normal chain fair give this place a shot.
This was my JAM back in the day when I spent a year as a freshman at nearby JWU- this was nearly ten years ago. So, whenever visits bring me back to Providence, I always make a point to visit and get my chicken kebob wrap. For our lunch before we hit the road, I brought SO here so he too, can relish the yumminess that is East Side Pockets. 

Anyway, my chicken kebob wrap was sooo good. The chicken when they cook it, does not dry out at all, and the pieces remain moist and flavorful, that it almost competes with all the other things you get in your wrap- but doesn't. I get mine with all the sauces, including tahini, tomatoes, lettuce, and onion. SO GOOD. SO got the steak wrap, and he really enjoyed it as well. Their wraps are pretty big in size?, but I was so hungry, that I finished mine in no time. 

Anyway, it's affordable, and pretty healthy otherwise. Stop by, you won't be disappointed.
Brookline Lunch makes me tired, despite the fact that I'm usually dropping in for breakfast after a good night's sleep.  Sadly, I end up tired -- of waiting for a table to open up, for the waitress to take my order, for the food to finally appear, to get the bill, you get the picture.  I know it's a family run place, and while I can appreciate the fact that they're trying to keep costs down by only having one waitress, spending over an hour to get breakfast isn't cool.  The food is great and I'd really like to make this my regular weekend breakfast spot, but I just can't.  For those who want to give it a try, I suggest going early.
their baklava is sublime!
I have been meaning to try this place for a while since all the yelp reviews i've read were absolutelty wonderful.

So, I went there with a friend and we shared a chicken shawarma & rice pilaf wrap and a grape leaf wrap. 

The service was absolutely excellent! The waitress was super nice and fast, and always made sure we had everything we needed.

The grape leaf sandwich was good - the grape leaf was delicious and the hummus was pretty tasty too. The chicken shawarma, though, i'm sorry to say... was super dry. I ordered it because the waitress told me that it was the most popular dish after the falafel.

So, I will give jerusalem garden another try, just because I have heard such awesomethings about it. However, if my meat is as dry as it was today, I can't promise anything higher than 3 stars again.
I love the falafel sandwich , the hummus dip and the lentil soup. The baclavas are very good except that one must be sure to get the wrapped ones to go as the ones left unwrapped tend to be stale. 
The service is O.K. Some of the help is a bit snippy. 
e.g I ordered a "bird's nest with pistachios" which is filo formed in the shape of a basket with pistachio nuts in side. Both the waitress and the waiter insisted I meant "burma wheel" or something like that so I said O.K.  thinking they had a different name for it. . When he brought it , I could see it was a completely different kind of baclava. It was  wrapped in shredded wheat instead of filo so I sent it back and got a regular pistachio baclava. The waiter was quite miffed for some reason. ??
Service definitely needs improving.
I went ti Vijay's for lunch and the Menu cannot be better priced. For 11$ with tax and tip I got a mulligatawny soup and vegetable curry.

And if you ask for it spicy they will give it to you spicy!

Not bad at all.
I like the place. It has tables outside and inside. Very spacey. Good food, and the prices are OK. Nothing bad to say about it. I like it a lot.
I was expecting great things based on the other reviews, but I'm sorry to say I was underwhelmed.  I got a falafel wrap with some chick peas, not bad but not good, either. In fact I'd say it simply lacked flavor.

Service wasn't very good, either.  The woman helping us was friendly but didn't seem to have a handle on things.  The gentleman who was apparently in charge seemed generally annoyed; also, when asked, he said they had "no kebobs" - what's the name of the place again? Or maybe that's what the "krazi" means.
Awwwwwwwwwwww YEAH! That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!

After biking around Seattle and building up a crazy appetite, I headed over to Cedar's only to find out that my usual falafel dealer was closed on Sunday (http://www.yelp.com/biz/yqQ6Umb2Rc9mJcsgxswt-A). I remember reading about Aladdin on Yelp, so I headed up the Ave and found it, right next to Thai Tom.

Ordered a jumbo falafel & hummus pita and waited.  Seeing as this place is about the size of a Claim Jumper entree, I actually had to step outside b/c 2 other people came in to order.

The 2 guys working there are super friendly and efficient - making each sandwich to order. It was completely worth the few minutes wait b/c I think they might have stolen my heart (and stomach) away from Cedar's.
Best felafel I have had in long long time, possibly ever.

And they have a little salad bar from which you pick your favorite garnishments for your sandwich. Loved that they also had eggplants: my absolute favorite vegetable!
The Mediterranean Cafe is a great option for lunch or an early dinner (but be careful, they close at 7pm).  They have a great selection of meats, as well as vegetarian options: chicken shawerma, chicken/beef/lamb/kefta kebabs, falafel, baba ghanooj, hummus, etc.  Each is offered as a ~$5 wrap or a ~$8 plate, so they have options for every appetite as well.

The service is excellent.  The guy who takes your order (the owner?) is always friendly and the younger taller guy (his son?) will often hand you your dish before you finish paying for it... such efficiency! Of course, the place is so popular at lunch that they have to work quickly to keep their many fans satisfied... myself included.

5 stars--one of the best spots for lunch in Pasadena!  Now if only they could be convinced to stay open a bit later for dinner...
Aladdin Falafel is a pretty decent place to pick up some cheap Mediterranean food. It's a pretty small space: there's the counter next to the door and an adjoining side room with a few tables and chairs. 

It's another one of those cool places where you can be sitting at the table observing them make your food while also catching a little people watching on the Ave. They are pretty quick and moved a long line of people through efficiently.

I had a falafel (since it's the name of the place, I figured it had to be tried) which was rather good. Just the right amount of sauce and the bread was soft and chewy. The prices are also hard to beat; for two of us with drinks it was $11.
Yes, the decor is really nice, and the food IS good. But really, $10 for a hummus plate? $15 for falafel? $4 for a tiny pot of tea? Ridiculous. The food wasn't good enough to qualify for it being twice the price it should be. Service was just ok- one of the waitresses was very nice and accommodating, but the other never refilled our tea, brought ketchup when we said we didn't want it, and never smiled once.
If they cut their prices in half, I'd give this place a 4 star rating.
I thought the falafel platters were wonderful and flavorful, especially with the complements of peppered onions and pickles.  The service was so kind and helpful, too, not of the Soup Nazi ilk I find in Boston eateries.  The eatery itself could use a little TLC.  Dilapidated tables and a heating vent covered in a garbage bag?  I just did my best to focus on the food before me, which was delightful.
I've been coming to the Falafel King for years.  My Dad brought me here for lunch a couple times when we would visit UCLA before I started attending for basketball games and the book fair.

I've had the falafel (which are pretty good), the chicken (good), lamb (good but tough), and beef schwama (pretty good) over the years and they have remained pretty consistent.  They have lots of different sides you can add to your pita sandwich or plate such as avocado, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, salad, tomato and a white-ish grain rice, and lots of others that I can't define.  They also have different types of salsas on the side (I don't know that it's traditional Mediterranean to have salsa, but they add a lot of spice) and white tahini sauce with lots of flavor.

The prices are a bit high for a pita sandwich (they throw in some really unique potato chip things for extra filler), but for a full schwarma plate the price is pretty reasonable.  The quality, to me, has always been consistent and good.  I'm sure it's not the best quality in the world, but it's never been bad for me (that I can recall in my many trips), and they always pack in food that just tastes good.

There are also baklava dessert options that I'd recommend checking out.

Summary: Pretty cheap, very flavorful, lots of options, good quality.  Check it out.
I have been dying to try this place for years.  I just felt like I had no luck here because every time I would come it was closed OR they were out of falafel patties.  Finally Saturday afternoon, my husband and I decided to come for a late lunch and it finally worked out for me to eat here!  The food is decent.  We ordered falafels and the chicken breast  plate.  Not the best I've ever had but if I need my fix for med food this place will do.

On a side note: the service is super quick...so quick that before you even pull your wallet out they will have your order waiting for you.  I'm not quite sure how I feel about that...so I guess not much customization allowed.  Pricing is reasonable.
To add one more happy, full-bellied voice to the choir...

East Side Pockets rocks my world!
After ordering the same damn (wonderful) thing a thousand times - falafel wrap with lettuce, feta, peppers, pickles, hot sauce, tzatziki sauce, hummus - I've been experimenting on recent visits when not in a wrap kind of mood. 
A falafel appetizer will get you a takeout container of crisp falafels, flatbread, and a pool of hummus for dipping. A gentle, friendly request will get you the sides thrown on top. VOILA! Falafel wrap deconstructed, salad style.

I know it's bizarre that I've even ordered them in the first place to know this, but they make some TASTY fries, also awesome dipped in the 'ziki. 

Do not leave without a little rolled up baklava, no matter how full you think you are. 

Much respect for the ordering system - very efficient and predictably smooth. The people are nice, and they're just never rattled by a crowd.

Prices are great. This ain't fine dining but the booths work for me. East Side Pockets is the best thing to happen to Thayer St.
I couldn't check into this location using the Yelp app, so I thought it wasn't on yelp... how wrong I was. 
I am a fan of this place. I got a chicken shawarma sandwich with parsley!! and rice and a drink. That was less than $8 and it was really fulfilling! I didn't even finish my rice. I think that two people could probably share a sandwich and the rice as a side. 
My beau got hummus and he wasn't able to finish it even though he stated that he was starving before. We noticed that they have some daily combo specials for $5 (versus $7.48), which includes a sandwich, a side order (your choice of rice, fries, soup, salad or hummus) and a beverage.

Monday- Chicken Shawarma Pita Combo
Tuesday- Falafel Pita Combo
Wednesday- Turkey Pita Combo
Thursday- Spicy Chicken Pita Combo
Friday- Beef Shawarma Pita Combo
Saturday- Chicken Kafta Pita Combo
Sunday- Chicken Tawook Pita Combo

They also have free delivery with $10 minimum. I'll probably be heading over here again on a Monday. I like the decor a lot more than Ali Baba!
This place gets 5 stars from me I don't think I ever left not feeling like I didn't have a great time. I have been going to The Middle East since I can remember, another old school venue that never gets old. 

I have seen 100s of bands, drank a lot beers and so many good times there it's almost like home. The prices are good and the cover is reasonable unless there is a really big band playing but even then I think the most I paid was $25.00. I like downstairs the most because it's a bigger venue but the upstairs stage can be a lot of fun. I will actually be seeing one of my favorite bands The Andwutz there March 21st Upstairs and just can't wait. If your into local or big name rock bands and having a great time The Middle East is a must.
I took my wife there for her birthday last night. It started out a little rough but after speaking with the owner ,he informed us he was recently in a bad car accident and he was just a little  ache. We bought one hookah for 12.95 and between me and her it lasted almost an hour and a half. He refilled the coals three times and the food was excellent. I would definently pick this place over prince cafe which is in the same shopping center.We went there first but the owner was a Dick.  So think twice if you want good customer service. Mosaic was small and cozy. 2 thumbs up
So I figured out how these guys get away with selling beer after 2AM: IT IS FUCKING NON-ALCOHOLIC BEER! Oops! They left that little detail out! This place is shady as fuck: cash only, 10 dollar per person minimum, included gratuity no matter what, oh, and there have been several SHOOTINGS there in the last few year. You cannot win at Habibi's Cafe in Westwood.
Since I moved to Brentwood, This place has been my inexpensive restaurant. Considering the quality, their prices are really low. Iove the fact that you can fill up your pita sandwiches with the whatever ingredients you choose in the salad bar.

I have tried a number of items on the menu so far and all of them were delicious! I definitely recommend this place as an inexpensive eatery, specilly late night when no where else is open :)
East Side Pockets is as good as a pocket place can get. The ingredients are fresh, the sauces are delicious, and the service is fast and friendly. Every time. 

I agree that the ambiance a little lacking, and it's better for takeout, but even so, there's almost always a seat, and the place is always clean.
If it weren't for the fact that I've been to more shows here than any other place in the world I'd probably give it 3 stars.  I give it four because they tend to keep their ticket prices reasonable and they stock tall boy cans of beer at their bars -- and it's right down the street from me.  But the atmosphere is pretty crappy -- the food is overpriced and not that great, and the beer selection is rather boring.  As a restaurant it fails.  But as a night club, well, they get the majority of the bands I like that are coming through town (it's either here, TT the Bears, or PA's Lounge).  And if I had to chose where I'd prefer to see a band play, by a slim margin it's The Middle East Downstairs.  The Upstairs venue is smaller, more intimate I suppose, but it usually gets too crowded and trying to get a refill to your refreshing beverage can be like trying to part the Red Sea and not being Moses.  Too small for the amount of people they let in and too many obstructions going on Upstairs.  But the Downstairs is as good a place as any to see your crappy indie rock band.  I remember the days before the smoking ban where a friend of mine fainted (a couple times even?) due to the lack of air circulation and the amount of people and cigarette smoke going on in the Downstairs.  But nowadays it's a bit better -- it can still get hot down there with all the sweaty hipsters but there's generally enough room, enough bartenders and good enough sound system to make for an enjoyable place to see some live music.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!

My boyfriend performed here. The night was fine until I left the stage to grab a drink (mind you I was sober and much older than the 18 plus crowd - 26) When I come back a bouncer (later got his name- Aaron Foster) would not let me and my friend and I in. After going back and forth, trying to understand why he was treating us like this, he kicked us out & we were swarmed by 2 cops and 4 bouncers. I am 5' 100lbs- & was not causing a scene at all- there was no need for this reaction or force. One of our other friends was punched in the face by another bouncer outside. And, their on-duty cops just watch and let these roided-up jerks push people around. I thought bouncers were supposed to mediate problems, not cause them. I will never go back.

On top of that, the ceiling was dripping over the entire place, it was about 110 degrees in there, and smelled like a locker room. It was disgusting.

The Middle East is a destination that I will not be returning to, regardless of the event...
I really liked this place. Terrific cup of coffee (a bit small, but tasty), and the service was exceptional. The ladies working the counter where I sat were fun, cheerful and asked about my day. I love friendly people and friendly places, so for this road warrior who stays in a different city every week...this place was terrific.
Yelp was right!

I just got back from a fun meal - I split the pupu platter with my girlfriend, and we had the baklava for dessert. Food was good, not amazing but definitely passable. The vibe of the place was great though: chill, casual, cool but unassuming (as compared with, say, The Other Side in Boston). Service was slow, so don't go if you're in a hurry, but it suited the atmosphere. ZuZu would be a good place for a casual date.
Yummmmmmmmm! SO delicious and I'm already drooling just thinking about my next trip there. 

FRESH naan and you can put whatever you want in it - think Chipotle meets Inidian/Pakistani cuisine. There's chick peas, black beans, lime rice, a huge variety of different spicy sauces, chopped tomato salsa, etc. etc... 

The flavors are insane and amazing. I love the kick of the jalapenos and spicy sauces, plus the sweetness of the corn if you get it. The chicken is also seasoned perfectly. 

For $6.49, I could barely finish my wrap (even though I was famished after a tough exam)... definitely a good deal and a great eat.
Wowwwwwwwwww shi! Easily the best pita I've ever had.  Call me different, but I was never a fan of Pita Pit.  I went to multiple locations, but everytime my order came out bland.  Bella Pita on the other hand is amazing.  The Chicken Wowshi is well baked and has the perfect mixture of flavor, crunchiness and freshness.  For those who have yet to visit Bella Pita, a cool thing about them is that there is a salad bar where you can add your own ingredients + hot sauces and other sauces.  

Street parking is tough as it's Westwood, but there's a lot of lots in the area.  Service is pretty quick, but this place does get packed in swarms.
We stopped here for a quick lunch after our Saturday visit to the University District Farmer's Market and we were not disappointed. My Chicken salad was really good and equally good was John's Falafel special. We will come back again soon, maybe after our next visit to the market.
To my knowledge, there is no Indian food served at this restaurant; only Lebanese food.

The hubs (who's part Lebanese) and I were walking around the area looking for a bite to eat, and I saw Cedars' giant sign.  "Hey, isn't that the tree of your people?"  We went to investigate, and they had me when I saw a giant plate of falafel being served to some customers seated outside.

We ordered the babaganoush.  Their preparation is quite special.  Very garlic-y, some hints of lemon, and just the right consistency.  The pita they served was fresh.

Husband ordered the kibbeh and I ordered the falafel.  The owner of the restaurant, this sweet Lebanese lady, offered us some home made hot sauce.  You have to try it - it's got a hell of a kick.  The falafel are a good value for your money - each falafel was the size of my fist.  The kibbeh was well-seasoned and tender.

Everyone at the restaurant was very friendly and attentive.  The food was delicious and inexpensive.  I will definitely make a habit out of coming here every time I'm in the area.
I'm sort of torn on Jerusulem Garden - they have really tasty falafel and hummus and are pretty cheap (two people, two giant wrap/pita things, generally $10), buuuut they aren't the most consistent. The last time I ate there, they didn't have the tasty little pickle thingies in the chicken shwarma, and I've had multiple falafel sandwiches with skant hummus.
 
But, then again, they are cheap and two blocks away from my house...
I was pretty skeptical when I first heard about an Indian/Mexican fusion restaurant. Glad I ended up trying it because it is really good. 

Their naan wraps were fresh and spicy. They even have a student special on Tuesday nights that can save you a couple of bucks! I always go for the spicy chicken naan wrap, but my roommate tells me that their quesadillas are just as good. I'll have to try that next time I go there (which will probably be sometime this week!).
I love this place!  It's one of my favorite places to eat.  Nice little mom and pop restaurant / persian store.  Very well priced.  The owner is super nice.  I get the combo plate - meat and chicken and it's always cooked to perfection.  I also order an additional side greek salad and love it - not that you need it because the meal is substantial on its own.  The rice is excellent, but the upgrade is even better.  Definitely try it!  It's a hidden gem.
Great food! Great service! The guy (Samir) has been a Chef for 33 years now, I think he knows what the hell he's doing. He use to manage Cedars before his family screwed him over for being a lovable, fun guy! 

Food is wonderful, Service is great!

AND to Mo Y.,

Stop being a hater. You sound like a stuck-up punk. Go eat your moms Grape Leaves back in the middle east!
No way man, this place is horrid.  Awful sound, a**hole bouncers, and rude staff.  Too bad it's the only independently booked live music venue in Boston.
Do you like middle eastern music videos with your meal?  This place has them!  

Also, you have a choice of seating options.

The food: The falafel sandwich is great.  I would prefer no onions but I keep forgetting to ask.... the food isn't super fast... but that's because it is made fresh to order.

The price (~7 bucks) is great, too.

I can't wait to go back and update my review with more exciting details.

Definitely enjoyed the music videos, though!!!!
Chicken Durum. Best $7 you can spend on a sandwich, period.

Also, the lavash with yogurt sauce is one of the best fresh bread experiences one could ask for.

Lima bean concoction is also delicious.

Beyond that, a lot of the selections seem strange and/or over priced, although, if I felt like taking a risk and spending a bit more money, I'd like to try some other stuff.

The menu is ugly as hell and the restaurant looks like a pizza parlor in Gaza, but I suppose that's part of the places awkward lack of ambiance. 

Service is more than adequate and if your nice to them they are nice to you.
I made my first visit to PKG today, sampling their Meghan's Falafal Pita sandwich.  It was made fresh while I waited, not assembled from pre-cooked parts.  The service was friendly and helpful, and the price was reasonable.  The sandwich itself was quite tasty.  It really showed that the contents were freshly cooked - warm, not too hard or too soft.  I liked the spicy sauce and the balance with the lettuce was excellent.  The pitas they use are also very good - large enough and sturdy enough to hold the sandwich together, while not being tough.  PKG will be a strong contender for my lunch $$ from now on!
I honestly thought this place was just ok. Eaten a lot of falafels but not in Pittsburgh, so I really cant compare with whats around.  
- The owner seemed nice and friendly. 
- There were like 3-4 falafels cut into 1/2 and lots of rice and salad and hummus. the falafels werent hot, they werent crunchy on the outside, the flavor was ok.
- I had to hunt the meat in the gyro but once I got to it, it wasnt as salty as probably mike and tonys has it.

All in all it was okay. I guess its the price that makes it a good deal for college students.
The lamb roll-ups are no longer $5.45(as seen on menu in the pictures above),  but precisely $7.65 each with tax. Plus, the wraps seem to be getting skinnier.
Terrible service and grossly overpriced entrees. I've been here over 9 times as I live quite close. The chicken is flavorful but even the dark meat is not tender enough. The humus is bland and almost inedible and the pita bread was stale half the time. The service was painful to witness (ouch!) and dreadfully annoying. 

Key Points:
-Meats are overcooked, they say that's the style?
-Portions are as follows: a little meat, a tiny amount of veggies and way too much rice 
-Service Sucks, period
-Overpriced for what you actually get! 

I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE! 

Not the worst restaurant in the world but approx. 100 million light years away from the best!
Chicken wowshi is really good! I like the sauce and condiment bar where you can fill your pita with lettuce, cabbage, tomato, red onion, or cucumbers. Then you have your choice of sauces. There's hummus, hot sauce (really good), herb sauce, olive oil. 

The price is pretty good and theres a meal option where you can choose a pita or wowshi then add a side and a drink. And as a bonus for getting the meal, you get 15% off the total price. I chose the coke glass bottle! 

Not a sit in kind of place, there's a couple of seats but you can definitely eat it on the go. Easy to eat. Other choices are burger wowshis, falafel pita, lamb pita, beef pita, etc. So go ahead and enjoy good pitas here!
Absolutely one of my favorite places on Thayer. Delicious and reasonably priced. Walk past every other restaurant on Thayer til you get to this one at the top.
There are a pile of reviews of this place, so what's one more...  I've been eating at this place since it was located in the mall in the Plaza Pasadena; man, was the owner ever pissed off when they forced him out so they could gentrify the mall!!!  Personally, I think they're way better off here.  

The food here is fresh, good, and fast, probably in that order.  It's not "cheap", but if you go for the falafel wrap & a drink, you're still not breaking the bank.  The chicken shawarma can be a bit dry, but it still tastes really yummy.  Everything is good, and I recommend you try the mujjadara (probably spelled incorrectly), which is a variation on the traiditional lentil/rice salad.  This version has bulgur wheat instead of rice, & when I asked the owner why, he told me since he's already got rice pilaf, he thought he'd offer some variety.  It's good...  The hummus is good, the lamb kabobs are good, and the boss has eaten the salads & says they're yummy.  Even the kids like the wraps.

As someone else mentions, it does get crowded, and yeah, their hours are not "customer service oriented", but the owner is a pretty independent guy, and if he doesn't need to kiss the customers' a**, more power to him.  His food is good, so get it when he's open.  

Parking can be onerous, but this is L.A., right?
The best falafel in the Inland Empire. Quick service, friendly staff, an impeccably clean atmosphere, and the food is fantastic. There is nothing negative to say about Sacas. 

It's my #1 choice when grabbing lunch or a quick dinner in Claremont. Everything I've tried on the menu is great, falafel obviously, but also the chicken and lamb schwarma. If you really want to treat yourself try a piece of their baklava, which is the best that I've ever had.
We work late in Central Square. There is no shortage of places to get a drink after work, but there are very few places to get food - Middle East is the best option for late-night eating for us. The cocktails & beer are good, the free entertainment in the corner restaurant can be excellent. 

The local punk/metal bands that play upstairs and the national bands that play downstairs make the music very diverse and gives a lot of options. The staff is attentive and friendly, and the food is fresh & healthy. We've had our business events there, and even when we had double the people show up than we expected, Middle East was accommodating and didn't grumble much.

We're glad to be their neighbors and will go back again & again.
This was really my first time trying Lebanese food and it wasn't really my favorite. My friend suggested it and goes there often. They just started a new lunch buffet apparently so I figured that would be a good place to start. I didn't ask the price beforehand, which i later regretted. It was about $16 and there was not very much selection. The owner/chef was very friendly and came out asking everyone personally if they wanted Falafel as it wasn't on the buffet. This was excellent and would have made the buffet a little more worthwhile. The hummus was excellent also, as well as this garlic paste they make and some sort goat cheese pita like pizza. I didn't really catch the name because of the buffet. Overall I hate to leave a bad review because it seems like a nice place with some good dishes but the buffet was a fail. I would like to come back again and order off the menu.
the portions are small? jesus christ how much food does one need. i thought the portions were quite hearty. i like their garlic sauce a lot more than zankou and the owner is really nice. oh yeah and they have dolmas with great yogurt sauce
(Totally edited as of 8/28/07) Every other Wednesday, Rock Candy.  That was my jam all Summer and Fall of 2006.  The music is eclectic, lots of 80s, early 90s, some indie-dance of today.  Generally a good time.  DJs Greggy Most and Danepants were the godfathers of Rock Candy.  Matt Confusion has taken over the reigns for Mr. Most who is now in Brooklyn.  

I've only been once since the change up but it looks promising, with new electro jams. 

Drinks here are good, although not always super strong.  I've never had the food but I'm not sure it differs very much from food at the Middle East, which I always found to be pretty tasty. 

I live down the street so I'll continue to go here when the mood strikes me.
One of my all-time favorite post-drinking places. I always get a wowshi to split with a friend and pack that thing up on their open condiment bar, including lettuce, onions, pico de gallo, the white sauce, hummus, spicy sauce, the super "have a carton of milk handy" spicy sauce. I'm pretty sure I'm missing a few condiments but you get the idea.

The other thing that's great is the deep fried cauliflowers. I normally hate cauliflowers and would not touch them with a 12 foot pole, but this is the exception. These things are so amazing, I have no idea what they do to it, but I love these cauliflowers covered in the white sauce and hummus.

Highly recommend after a night of debauchery.
Oh, Harvard Square, the gems that you hold. Like Algiers. I came here last week for the first time with friends, and right away fell in love with several things simultaneously: the gorgeous wood paneling and very high ceilings, the cozy multi-level setup, and the seat-yourself policy.  I will note that the spiral staircase may be difficult for some to ascend, and there didn't look to be a bounty of seating on the first floor. Though the service wasn't rapid, we certainly weren't forgotten, and I'm kicking myself because I didn't order the Turkish coffee like my friend did. I never thought I'd discover coffee that doesn't require sugar or cream to taste grainy, thick and rich, but it exists at Algiers. 

Now let me touch upon the food, which, once ordered, came promptly. I ordered the falafal sandwich (comes in wrap form with salad) for a very reasonable $10 or so, and it was worth every penny! I couldn't even finish it!! We also ordered the hummus app which was SO generous- the three of us couldn't clean the plate- and the hummus was certainly homemade, and most definitley the best I've ever tasted. It took another few minutes to get our check, but like I said, the service wasn't ridiculous and our waitress was super nice.
 

All in all I was shocked not to have heard of the place before last week. For all the lame chains that are springing up around the Square, and all the over-priced, under-portioned restaurants to choose from, Algiers is truly a find. It's a great place to study, chat with friends, eat some dank hummus, and enjoy the peace and quiet that Harvard Square still does, Algiers proves, have to offer.
Wonderful food and an amazing addition to our community!
best chicken ever!!!
When you are in the 'burbs it's so hard to find a good restaurant among the landscape of chains. I have been coming to Sahara Restaurant since I was little and it was my introduction to Middle Eastern food. Perhaps my 4 star rating is slightly bias because of this connection to it but I still think the food is rather good. I actually would probably rate it lower if it were the same place in the city, but given the lack of good eats around here they get a boost. I have never had a bad meal here, but I dislike that they don't let you order sandwiches later in the day and that it must be platters. Sometimes I'm just not that hungry. 

The decor has barely changed since I was a kid. I remember they renovated at some point, but it doesn't look that much better.
Came here yesterday for lunch. There was a ridiculously long line and the place was elbow-to-elbow. So what did they do? Get frustrated? Snap at people? Slack on service? Nope. Free falafel for everyone in line, a little extra extra on my wrap and free pastries with our order. If only every establishment has this level of customer service.
Finally, a place to go for falafel in Porter. The staff is friendly, the food is good (but not great), and it's reasonably priced. Would love to see this place stay open later than 9pm on Friday and Saturday nights.
The falafel sandwich was delicious and inexpensive. Spices were perfect, and not overspiced/overgarliced at all. Probably the least expensive and most delicious dinner I've had in Seattle so far!
This seems to be pretty generic Greek food. While the food tastes good, the last time I was there, the staff messed up my order. Pita Kabob is good for a quick bite to eat or for ordering something to eat on the run.
I love this place!

The food is without frills, has been great every time that I've visited, is served quickly, and is fairly priced (a little on the cheap side for CU). It's about the only place within a block of campus where I can get lunch for less than $5.

The owner cracks me up. A lot of people complain that he's grumpy, unfriendly, a sourpuss, etc., but if you had to deal with obnoxious American college students all day long, you would be, too. Regardless, he is not rude, just not particularly talkative and probably too efficient at what he does. 

Bonus: every time that I've been in here, he's listening to NPR.
In terms of prices and service, you really can't beat Cedars. Eeeevery time I go here, I end up in a fantastic 15 minute convo with the married couple who own the place. They are brilliantly dry and kind. The food, delicious, with a lot of homespun takes on some very familiar Mediterranean dishes. Their gyros are good not great, but the shwarma and falafel seal the deal. 5 stars if only the gyro packed a punch like Aladdin's, but I'd take Cedars over Aladdin's any day for the experience. 

Get some spicy basil sauce when you eat in! Goes great with fries.
Sunrise Deli can be easy to miss since it's pretty small and not around the Asian Ghetto area that a lot of students go to, but it's a good place for solid falafel. There's only a few tables though since space is limited, but they also have some counter seats along the window.

What I ordered:
Super Falafel ($6.25): Hummus, Eggplant, Potatoes, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Tahini Sauce, served in lavish bread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sunrise-deli-berkeley?select=zwDNag0zdtNDz7seNd4U-g#zwDNag0zdtNDz7seNd4U-g

The wrap came split in half and the inclusion of potatoes in a falafel wrap was intriguing, which is why I decided to get the super falafel. The wrap was stuffed full and everything tasted yummy and went together nicely. The falafel was cooked nicely and slightly crunchy. I'm not sure if it's just me, but falafel always tastes pretty much the same to me and I don't think I've ever had bad falafel really. This is why it gets old sometimes and I only eat it every once in awhile. Portion size is big and I was super full after eating the whole thing!
I have eaten here a plethora of times over the years.  Yes, I know what a plethora is.  I know you would hate for someone to tell you he has eaten somewhere a plethora of times when he doesn't know what a plethora is.

It is workmanlike.  A middle-Earth everyman.  They do not dream up new dishes.  They do not abandon old dishes.  They simply serve dishes.  Shawarma, falafel, hummus, fixins.  Plates, pita sandwiches.  It is pretty simple.  It is pretty good.  It is pretty cheap.

. . . A sweater!
Good place. They made a terrific grilled cheese sandwich for me. The home fries are really good as well.
I've been coming here since childhood.

You order the shawarma.  You pour tahini on top.  It goes into your face.  It is the most delicious thing you've ever consumed.  End of story.

Then you wash it down with Martinelli's and repeat.
Great Food....a little pricey....enough said!
i enjoyed their falafel lunch platter-- everything tasted good, the vegetables were fresh, the portions were huge, and it didn't take long for them to put it together.

i did not enjoy the girl at the counter, but that is because i don't like when religious people get rude with me.
EH, just ok. Nothing special. 
Pita bread tasted old, chicken was dry, my tri tip wrap fell apart and couldn't really taste the flavor of the meat. Also, the hummus sucked. Kinda disappointed.

Only good thing is that you get a good size plate for your money. Kinda bummed cause I REALLY wanted to like this place.
Zankou is a good place to get tasty, non dry chicken for cheap.  Any plate you order will need to be split between two people.  

The garlic dip is amazing, so tasty and potent that you should probably carry a toothbrush with you.

It's an order and pick up at the counter kind of place.
After watching the cook go to the bathroom with his apron on I stuck to soda only!
Best falafel pita ever... and I didn't even order the sandwich for myself. Incredible. Crispy on the outside and green and juicy on the inside. I've never had a falafel quite like this, and I don't think I will any time soon. 

I had the steak pita and it was pretty damn good as well, but I still want the falafel pita. The steak was juicy and they gave a large serving of meat for a $6.25 sandwich. Once you embellish your pita 'wich with their plethora of toppings you have a monster of a sandwich. I didn't think I would be satisfied with one sandwich, the beast inside me was quenched.

I'm definitely coming back here again... but if only this place was easier to get to in a car... I hate paying for parking in westwood.
If I were remotely vegetarian I would eat at Sunrise all the time and would easily give them four stars.  But I'm a kebab and shawarma kind of guy, and they just don't cut it as a kebab and shawarma kind of place.  

There's a certain flavor-infused fatty juiciness that's tragically missing from all Berkeley middle eastern meats.  The Persian restaurants in the East Bay (e.g. Alborz, Pomegranate) don't seem to have the same problem, so you might try their kebabs to get an idea of this quality I'm looking for.  But as for shawarma, you're kind of screwed around here unless the one-note, dried up local equivalent is all you've ever known.

Still, as disappointed as I have been by this shredded chicken and lamb jerky that Sunrise Deli dares to serve me, I have to say they are the best middle eastern in Berkeley.  That's not saying much, but it does mean that I always turn to them when I have certain cravings.  They definitely have me covered when I want falafel, and  their hummous is particularly good.  Importantly, Sunrise is generous about putting hummous in their sandwiches, which surprisingly many restaurants here neglect to do.

The Super Falafel is my favorite item as it is a sandwich that includes fried eggplant and potato - in my view staples that are too hard to find in the Bay Area.
Had some decent pork and well-made Middle Eastern apps like baba ghanoush, falafel, and spinach pies. 

Service was good, overall ambience of the place is aged hipster scum but it works for Central Square. 

I'd rock this place again but don't expect gyros and fast food type of Middle Eastern fare (for that, go to the excellent Shwarma King in Brookline). However, it's a decent sitdown, fancier type of Middle Eastern place that is definitely worth a try if you are up for something different.
I went to Hummus 2 days in a row.  The first day that I went, I had the falafel platter with baba ganoush, tabouli, hummus, french fries and whole wheat pita.

I was less than impressed by it.  The tabouli was not at all what I was used to for tabouli.  There was a LOT of bulgur and only a little bit of parsley.  I am used to the inverse being true.  It just wasn't what I was expecting/used to.  The french fries on top of the fried falafel was not a good choice.  I was very tired of fried.  The hummus and the baba ganoush were a little too similar in taste to be what I was looking for (and it costs $0.75 to have baba ganoush as a side)

The hot sauce was green and primarily made up from jalapeno peppers.  Tasty, but again not really what I was expecting.  It and the tahini were serve yourself though.

The 2nd day I returned because one of my friends had wanted to try it and they were not with me the day before.  I decided to go with the Chicken Shawarma platter this time.  It was like a completely different meal (duh).  I loved everything that I had on my plate.  I went with the white pita (actually, this wasn't much different), roasted eggplant, beet salad and rice.  The beet salad was AMAZING.  If you like beets, you need to get the beet salad.  I finished all of mine as well as some of someone else since they had ordered it a la carte and it was HUGE.  It's hard to go wrong with roaster eggplant and they didn't.  Definitely worth the return trip.

The portions are HUGE and well worth the slightly high prices.
Newbie to Aladdin and noticed two things that are unique to their
  Gyros:
    1. Hint of turmeric that gives a nice aroma without leaving a 
        yellow stain on your teeth, unless your teeth are already stained 
        to begin with!
    2. Hint of paprika that gives a very mild spicy kick.

  Pretty sure Aladdin and I are going to be friends for a long time as I
  work my way through his below menu.

   = =================================================
   ((         Veg                                                     Meat                                    ))
   ((       ---------                                                ----------                                 ))
   ((       Falafel                                            Gyro (Lamb&Beef)                ))
   ((       Folue                                              Gyro (Chicken&Turkey)        ))
   ((       Homus                                           Kofta                                        ))
   ((       Baba Ganouj                                 Chicken shawarma             ))
   ((       Feta                                                                                                  ))
   ((       Fried eggplant dip                                                                         ))
   ((       Spanakopita                                                                                   ))
   ((       Zatar                                                                                                 ))
   ===================================================

  All the above comes in 3 sizes:
    1. Regular: $3.66 for Veg, $3.89 for Meat
    2. Jumbo:   $4.35 for Veg, $4.58 for Meat
    3. Platter:    $5.26 for Veg, $5.49 for Meat

  They do have some lunch and dinner plate options and some sides,
   the one that caught my eye:

   Plate of Falafel: $2.29 for 5, $3.20 for 8

   I can only wonder how much these were two or three years back!!
mmm zankou chickennnn

so i finally tried zankou chicken today and all i have to say is 
I'M SO COMING BACK!! lol 

the chicken is tender and cooked when ordered. i ordered the chicken kabobs and the 1/4 dark chicken. both were really tasty and flavorful. if you're a big eater the regular plate of food is more than enough to fill you up, i'm not even kidding..my friend eats like a monster and he barely finished all of it. if you're a lighter eater like myself the 1/4 looks like a little amount of food but upon eating..its quite filling.

chicken kabobs - 9.99
1/4 dark chicken - 6.99
both come with veggies, hummus and wraps.

if you're looking for a great chicken place, this place is worth trying =P
Ok - I was completely happy with the falafel and toppings BEFORE I had the stuffed sandwich.  The special pita of the day was rosemary - I had it stuffed with mozzarella, tomatoes and pesto - FABULOUS.  If you are lucky enough to get their day old pita DO IT - it's just as good as the fresh made and you can do your own combos at home.  Their pita is so puffy no one else has anything close!
Five stars for their falafels.  FIVE STARS.  All this four star and three star nonsense below me flabbergasts me.  Flabbergast city.

I don't live near Westwood Blvd so it's possible there is indeed a better, crispier falafel out there.  But I've been searching far and wide for a while.  The falafels at Zankou leave me listless.  Father Nature's in Pasadena isn't bad - soft on the inside, only moderately crispy on the outside.

But I love these falafels.  Piping hot with an audible crunch, herby and soft on the inside.  I had the chicken shawerma with it but wanted to concentrate on the crunchy balls all up in my business.

Uber friendly staff.  I was supposed to pick up my own cutlery but two people rushed to get forks for me.  A nearby table for six got to sample the baklava.  A large Lebanese family streamed by, cheerfully declaring that next time they come, they're bringing 40 people.

Better than Zankou.  Sorry Beck!
I got the chicken shwarama...it was decent. They had one bottle of good hot sauce but the rest of the hot sauce bottles were random Mexican brands. I also got the hummus, which was decent but a little runny. The pitas provided for dipping were clearly grocery-store bought. I'll give Amir's another chance b/c I love this type of food, but the execution here is pretty low quality.
I can't even remember how my friends and I found this place because I remember my 3G not working that day, but however it happened, I'm glad we stopped here for dinner! I'm a big fan of Mediterranean food in general and thought the chicken tarna wrap was really good. It was on the pricier side for Mediterranean food though IMO.  The outside of the restaurant was pretty dreary and plain but the inside was surprisingly bright and welcoming.
Saca's is the best Mediterranean Resturant  I have ever eaten at.  The falafel sandwich is the best.  Actually everything I have eaten has been yummy.  I love this place and will continue to eat here any time I get the chance.  GREAT CHOICE
I've tried this place twice and I must say I'm a fan. Being on what seems to be a never ending falafel kick, Moody's is right up there w/ Cafe Jaffa and Falafel King, which is my personal favorite. Shwarma is definitely next on my list when I go back to Moody's. 
Great location, nice staff and open very late...a rarity in this town. Thank God I don't live near here otherwise I'd be ODing on falafel and waking up on the floor on a Sunday morning with tahini and hummus smeared all over me!
So I had relatively high expectations for the chicken and rice......I mean, high expectations adjusted for the fact that, well, it's a cart. How good could it possibly be? One flavorful bite later.....GAHHH It wasn't just good FOR A CART. It was good, period. Really good. Awesomely tasty! $6 for a Jumbo Combo, which is lamb and chicken over rice. It came with shredded lettuce and tomato and was smothered in delicious spicy sauce and WHITE SAUCE. NECTAR OF THE GODS. The salad really cut the spice and were a perfect complement. I preferred the tender, melt in your mouth slices of chicken, whereas my boyfriend liked the perfectly spiced, heartier lamb cubes. I think it's only $5 for one choice of meat over rice, which is a steal for the generous portions they give. It took me three different tries to sit down and finish it. Studmuffin finished it in one sitting, but he was full. And we're big eaters........We're going again today.
Worked in Central Sq. for a while now and have been meaning to hit this place because I heard it was good. So I went today around 1pm. 

Well, I was not impressed, though I am open to a second shot to try other items.

I ordered the lamb plate which comes with rice, salad and pita.

First of all, as soon as the chick behind the counter swiped my card and handed it back to me, my plate was DONE! I like fast quick food, but that this was just too quick!! I don't know where/how she put together my plate, I didn't see her cut the lamb off of the rotisserie. Lamb (lack of) was also on the border of burnt.

The rice was ok, nicely cooked.

The salad was not a salad. More like a Middle Eastern salsa that was sitting in a huge puddle of "dressing."

The pita bread was stale.

All in all, food wasn't bad. I have certainly had better. 

I will definitely come back to try some other things.
Delicious cafeteria styled restaurant. Long line but quick, efficient and friendly service. Get the kabobs.
I can't believe I drove by this place for an entire year and had no idea what I was missing!!!  I used to drive to Arcadia for Chicken King when I got a craving for hummus and falafel with garlic sauce -but this place is 2 blocks from me and I went in on a whim.  I didn't know what to order, so I asked someone else in line -"Beef kabob plate, HANDS DOWN!" the girl told me.  Hahaha, so that's what I ordered (with a side of falafel).  WOW!  It's amazing!  They sort have odd hours, and they close early on Saturday (closed on Sundays), but it's always packed -and I take that as a good sign!  I'm not a huge fan of their rice (then again I'm not a fan if rice in general), but the sauces, marinated beef and onion kabobs, falafel and hummus will blow your mind!  I haven't tried the chicken because I'm so in love with the beef, but I hear great things about it!
I would definitely recommend this place for a sandwich at lunch or otherwise. Good falafel sanwiches--Meghan's and the Falafel with Taboulei are my favorites. Their french fries are really good too.

They are really inexpensive, also. One of the few places in ann arbor that you can get a really decent lunch for under 6 bucks.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place? The food here is solid. Let's not kid ourselves, it's not fancy schmancy gourmet eating here, but I haven't tried one item here that I wouldn't eat again. It's yummy. The $8 plates are hefty portions that come with two skewers of your choice of meat along with salad, rice and hummus + pita bread! The $5.25/$5.50 pita wraps are a great option if you want a smaller food portion (or if you want something more portable) and they don't skimp on the meat portions when you get a wrap. I've had the kefta and lamb kabobs and I was happy with my meal. The meat wasn't dry or overcooked. The last time I went I also ordered a side of dolmas and they were also delicious!!

Then of course, there is the lightning fast service. Don't get intimidated if there's a line out the door during lunch time. It'll go quickly. Just make sure you know what you're ordering by the time you get up to the front of the line, or you might get some holes burned into your head by the hungry masses behind you or the very busy guy at the counter taking your order.
I usually like this place because it's chill and I like sitting on the floor. Lately though, the music's been getting really loud, having to pay a cover charge for... belly dancers that I didn't ask for, and just.. it's been meh. Also, there's a one drink minimum. Also, it's always difficult to find parking around there so that sucks too. But it's okay I guess. The people who work there are usually nice.
What disturbed me most about Falafel King was the little kid (perhaps the son of one of the workers) grabbing handfuls of salad from the salad bar and stuffing them into his mouth.  I know this place has an "A" rating but there's no way this is sanitary.  The guys behind the counter saw the kid doing this and did nothing to stop it.  Had I seen this before we sat down to eat, I would have walked out.

I ordered the schwarma plate.  It was a lot of food for the price but the meat was practically flavorless and too chewy -- overcooked on the outside and almost raw on the inside.  The hummus was decent and the tomato-cucumber salad was ok.  The pita was very good but not good enough to get me to go back.  The "potato chips" were totally not worth the calories. Two dinner plates and two drinks for me and my wife came out to about $22.

The photos on the wall are disturbing -- especially the ones of the clown. Definitely not going back.
Great place for a simple meal.  Food was fresh, the team was great with questions and special requests.  Highly recommended.
I'm giving this place 4 stars, albeit with a bit of a caveat.  When I first started coming to this place, I didn't really like it.  I had been going to Greek Corner II (The establishment that previously was at this location) for years and generally their food was better than Falafel Corner.  So basically, I was just coming to this place because they're open late and I like Middle Eastern food (Although I'm more a fan of the Lebanese style, and this place is Egyptian halal style).  

But then I tried their roll ups, and instantly I realized that this place did something very well.  Their roll ups are big, meaty, juicy, and toasty.  Ever since, I've just been coming here for the sensational roll ups, and they consistently deliver in that area.  Other than the roll ups and the baked goods, I really can't vouch for the food here.  I don't like their hommus, their salads, and the falafel isn't that great by itself (Although the falafel roll up is great, as you might have guessed).  

But I've had 3 of their roll ups so far, the lamb shawarma, falafel, and fish kabob.  They're all pretty good, although the lamb shawarma and falafel are a little bit better, especially the lamb shawarma.  So I'm giving them 4 stars for being able to go there in the middle of the night and get a great roll up for a good price (They're all under $6 after tax).  Quick, convenient, and tasty.  Everything else is about a 2 or a 3, but as long as you know what you're going there for, it's great.
Great Food!
We tried the Kabob Combo Plate and got the tri-tip and chicken.
Oh goodness, let's just say it was amazing and extremely tasty. The tri-tip is a must try!
I am definitely coming back here again!
zankous food is good no matter the location. the cleanliness, on the other hand, is not. i tacked two stars from this one because while we were eating we had to continually shoo a good 3 bothersome gnats / small flies away from our food. think the meal would have been much more enjoyable if it weren't for the pests...
What is left to say about Al Baraki?  Ever since they appeared on the local food scene, it's been my go-to place for Friday night takeout.  I have never had anything here that was less than awesome. 

Should I start by praising the garlic paste?  If you frequent either the Troy or Albany food co-op, you might be familiar with this super-strong garlic dip which manages to overpower anything it touches.  Many dishes at Al Baraki are lightly touched with their garlic paste.  Anything more would be too much.

The baba ghanouj is the best baba ghanouj I've had.  Smooth, but not overly pureed.  Fully spiced, but still eggplanty.  They give you a nice warm pita to dip into it.  The chicken shwarma wrap is amazing.  I feel like its addictive qualities must have been worked out in a laboratory somewhere.  How else can you explain something that causes you to stuff it in your face so quickly?  

I am delighted to now have Al Baraki in my own neighborhood
What a let down. Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but the food was so tasteless and somewhat stale, that we won't go back for a second chance. Total dissapppointment.
Oh WOW the freaking potato things are the best part! The hummus on the shawarma pita was great, and the chicken was tender. It was a good place to grab a quick bite to eat! There are so many places to dine in this part of town, but this is what sounded the best, and it didn't fail us - thankfully. I would most definitely go back, because I just can't stop thinking about those fried potatoes!
This was my first falafel experience and it was pretty good. One of the guys working there was nice enough to give me a sample falafel since I was a bit apprehensive on passing up the kabobs. I guess that's how they getcha...one free sample and next thing you know, you're an addict for life. 

So I ordered the falafel plate with hummus, cucumber salad, and a side of lentil rice. Everything was tasty except the fried chip thingys which had most likely been sitting out all day- way too oily and crunchy to be safe for human consumption. All my friends' dishes were yummy also. The eggplant was so good I had to steal more than a couple bites. 

The menu was a bit confusing. Handwritten menus on dry erase boards usually don't bother me, but at least get someone with legible handwriting to do it. There's basically 3 or 4 combo plates and lots of side dishes to choose from. Come with friends so you can share lots of sides, they all looked good!  The prices are not too high, $6-$10. 

The decor was, I'm guessing, an attempt to evoke a "community friendly" feel, but it's more cheesy & odd than warm & inviting. Poster-size pictures of people (locals?) from the mid 90's plastered ALL over the walls. I'd rather remember the 90's the fun way, watching a VH1 special.
Good Persian food in Pasadena.

WEBSITE:

http://www.heidarbaba.com

ADDRESS:

1511 E. Colorado Boulevard
Pasadena, CA  91106
(626) 844-7970 or (626) 844-7979
Across the street from Pasadena City College
Nearest cross street is Hill

HOURS:  Call to confirm.  Not listed on website.

FREE WI-FI:  Ask for password

SUMMARY OF CUISINE:

Heidar Baba's cuisine is halal Persian kabob, so you're not going to get any pork and the animals are slaughtered in a proper way.  Sorry to include that tidbit.   No alcoholic beverages are served here either.  A husband and wife own this restaurant and they are really sweet people.  

If you go on the weekend it is pretty expensive.  Four of us had lunch on a Saturday with sodas and the bill ended up being $96.00 including the tip.   Yes, it was expensive, but two of our group had the filet mignon barg and I had the salmon.  The filet barg is $18.95, salmon kabob is $14.95 and koobideh (ground beef mixed with onions) is $11.95.  The entrees are served with basmati rice, grilled tomato, chili and come with a choice of salad, barley soup or fries.  Monday through Friday they have lunch specials and the prices are about a third less.

When we were seated they immediately brought us pita bread, butter, basil and pickles as an appetizer.  I believe the wife was the chef yesterday and the servings were huge.  I think each serving could easily be split because there is just so much food.  I guess the barg (filet mignon) was a total hit because my husband and our friend inhaled it.  My son was not thrilled with the koobideh.  He usually likes koobideh, but I think it was a little too spicy.  My salmon was great.  I asked for them to substitute my rice for grilled vegetables and ended up getting both.  Our server spoke English well, but something must have gotten lost in the translation between the server and the owner/chef.  I ended up eating a little bite of the rice and it was very good.

The atmosphere in the restaurant seemed authentic.  A lot of the decor was Persian and the music was definitely Middle Eastern.  It is very spacious and you feel like you can have privacy because there aren't a lot of tables crammed into the space like other Persian restaurants in the surrounding area.  It is mostly booths with high backs.

Parking is in back.  It is kind of a tricky lot to get out of, so I would highly recommend backing into a spot if you can.  Hopefully, they don't have the same parking ordinances as Glendale where you get a ticket for that.

They also do catering.
I'm not sure how this place has gotten such high scores.  We came here on a Sunday night and the place was pretty slow, as are most places I guess.  They have a pretty nice ambiance but the food is just really overpriced.  We got a meat platter that cost over $20 and the appetizers will run you about $8 each.  The desserts sounded really good on the menu but were overall disappointing once they made it to the table.  

This place is lucky that there isn't a $5 NYC street meat cart on Franklin somewhere because that would blow this place out of the water.  Don't fall for this place and spend $20+ for a mediocre meal!
Really good chicken shawerma!
Great place to grab a quick bite to eat.  It's always my first choice when I'm on Thayer St.
Best wraps and kabobs ... nice and tender, juicy and their pita bread soft and fresh...

-1... For their service... Looks like their popularity has gotten to them!
awesome food:)
Located just off the brink of UCSD, this delicious Persian grill is everything a depressed hungry girl could dream of after bombing three consecutive midterms, finding the dining halls closed after 7pm even though they usually serve air on weekends anyway, and getting on the shuttle without a destination in mind. I'm so lucky to have stumbled on this little gem, hidden in the corner next to a Japanese restaurant and a Pho place. 

I arrived just around 8pm when they were closing and ordered the House Kabob Plate ($9.95), one of several kabob options, including fish filet and chicken. There's also the option of ordering the kabobs in pita bread sandwiches. One of the elderly men working the grill informed me that it would take 25-30 minutes to cook. I was in no hurry, so it was fine with me. I walked around the little market in the back where they sell a variety of Persian pastries, desserts, cold drinks, and cooking ingredients like Sadaf grape seed oil and some unique seasonings. They also have Persian ice cream which I definitely want to try next time.

The wait wasn't that long... It was only about 15 minutes. In this time, I was able to observe them grilling the meat with great care, turning it slowly over low heat. And you know the sayings... The best things come to those who wait; patience is a virtue; etc. etc. It was delicious! Disregarding the lack of aesthetic appeal (let's be honest... the beef kabob looks like an elegant and very healthy piece of poo), the entire meal was delicious. The juicy and flavorful meat sits atop a huge mound of fluffy basmati rice and two slices of grilled tomatoes, complemented by a tangy side of citrusy greens and onions. It also comes with tzatziki sauce which goes perfectly with the kabob. Definitely one of the best dinners I've had in a long time and eaten in a quaint, cozy little place where no one's up in your nose about anything and where you don't have to politely decline offers of refills, dessert, or more cheese.

(The one star off is for the price. A bit too expensive for this cheap college kid.)

Obviously, if you're looking for a cheesy romantic date of $20 salads in candlelight, this is not the place for you. But if you're in need of some comfort food and peace of mind, and you're in the mood to pamper yourself with a pricier meal, this is an amazing place. The people complaining about the service don't see the beauty of down-to-earth, no-bullshit people who just wanna give you incredible food. I'd choose a perfectly cooked kabob at International Market and Grill to your overdone filet minon and smiley waitress at Mimi's Cafe any day.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in houston.  I have been going here for years and have NEVER been disappointed.  Their food is incredible, service is always very authentic and friendly.  The owner is always always always working, and greeting regulars.  I absolutely LOVE it.  The rice pudding is the best I've ever had!
good enough for mom, good enough for me.

my mom and i were walking around harvard square and  we stopped here for a break.  we had mint tea and an almond cookie.  we were on the second floor.  the interior is pretty but the tables are too close to each other - felt like the guy from mission impossible when i was navigating between people and tables.

i would come back here for the mint tea.
Best chicken shawarma wrap in the Cambridge area!!! The chicken is always perfectly cooked and they have a garlic mayo that makes the sandwich. I'm don't make it over to Cambridge very often but when I do, this place is definitely on my agenda. They recently extended their business hours, too!!
The bartenders kick ass!
The music ain't bad either.
So at first glance, this restaraunt looked good: middle eastern food, complete with my beloved falafel wraps and arabic coffee. And, the prices were great: all entrees and sandwiches were around $5.

However, the food nor the service was worth $5.

I'm really not sure why the waitress expected a good tip, nay, a tip at all, if she expected us to walk up and get our own drinks from the cooler. We had to remind her about  three times to get our coffee, and getting the check was nearly impossible as she was hiding in the kitchen. A baby cried from the back room and kitchen area the entire time.

The food was barely worth five dollars. My falafel wrap was a few peices of falafel, a pathetic little peiece of lettuce and a slim, slimy slice of tomato. Ick. 

If you want decent middle eastern food in central, just walk to Moody's Falafel Palace or the Middle East/Zuzu. Moody's is quick and cheap, and Middle East/Zuzu has better service and quality for a sit-down restaurant.
This place is GREAT for live music.
Downstairs is pretty big. Full bar, upper level with few seats. Mostly bigger names play here (Clutch, Scissorfight).
Upstairs is a bit smaller and awkwardly divided. Bar, main floor, merch area. Usually this is where you go to see smaller acts (That 1 Guy, Emergenza). The line to get in to the upstairs venue cuts through the restaurant wich can feel weird at times.

If you go to see a show here (esp. downstairs) you will not be disappointed.
Good: great schwarma sandwiches

Bad: the lamb used to be better.
This place is a gem for late breakfasts. The portions are huge and the prices are cheap. I've gotten breakfast sandwiches there a couple of times and they are $4.50. It includes a large side of home fries which are actually potato chunks with veggies. Not bad. The omelets are also really good. Generous portions of egg and toppings. 

Bottom line: its cheap but good diner food. Prices are good. Coffee is good. Ideal for a night after partying since they don't open up early anyway. I tried to go there once for a real breakfast (7:30AM) and it was closed. Who knows.
Super delicious falafels.  I love the avocado falafel.  So crunchy and warm and delicious.  Mmmm.  I had never been interested in trying a falafel before coming to Berkeley.  But when I just so happened to get a full falafel sample from an employee handing out some that were freshly made, I thought "Eh, what the heck.  I'm hungry.  It's free.  Smells good.  I'll give it a go."  Needless to say, one bite and I was an immediate fan.  

There is limited seating and service is a tad bit slow but friendly.  Other than that, Sunrise Deli is a great falafel place.
I love this place and I am never disappointed when I eat here it is consistently good. they give you simple yet flavorful meats and then challenge you to put together the pita of your dreams with their veggie/salad bar. I always order wowshi though because you get pretty much two pita sandwiches for the price of one.
It's pretty good.

I've been coming to this place for quite a while now, it's my go to place for Mediterranean food when I have a craving. The meat, like any other place is roasted on a spit in front of you so that you can be assured that you're getting only the most fatty cuts. I typically get the Shawerma or Tarna plates and to be honest the meats are good, but nothing terrific. 

The real stars in the show are the hummus and yogurt sauce. For some reason they're able to dish out a creamy hummus that has just enough grit to make it texturally awesome.
So... I'm currently the Mayor on foursquare of a kebab place in downtown. You can say I like kebabs. I was craving kebabs for dinner and I didn't want to drive all the way downtown. Thanks to Yelp, I found this place that's only a 5 min walk from my apt. 

For $12 I had the kebab plate, drink, & a baklava. I really didn't want to buy a whole box of baklava and after 10 minutes of trying to decide, I saw on the BOTTOM shelf there were individual baklava you could buy. Yay...! 

Oh and I figured out that you order and then pay at the end/after you eat. I awkwardly stood at the cash register after I told the man my order, until the man came back & told me in his broken English that I pay later. Anyways, I'll be back whenever I need my kebab fix.
I've been going here since forever.  There's a lot going on in this place, but I'll try to keep it on the short and sweet side.  Most people are introduced to this place as a music venue.  If they're smart, they come back for the food and plan on it every time they come to see a show after.  It is awesome.  Home made, so reasonably priced I almost feel bad, and seriously addicting.  The baba ghanouj is one of my favorite things ever and comes with as much pita as you can stuff down your mouth hole.  The shawarma is HUUUUUGE and tasty.  The falafel is similarly huge and similarly tasty, minus the meaty goodness, of course.  Seriously... come here for food, it rules and will help you not be dead from drinking while rocking out.

The upstairs is a fun place to see locals and touring bands, although the layout is a little annoying when it's packed.  The sound has been really good over the past year or so, which is great because it used to be pretty spotty.

The downstairs is a fairly big room with low ceilings.  On the plus side, it gives it a really intimate feeling... that said, it can also make it difficult for bands who bring sound engineers who must not listen to the house staff.  More often than not though, the place sounds good.  It can get a little rough in the winter down here if the show is packed, and you're going to want to check that coat, chief.

The beer is reasonable, though the prices have started to creep north.  The schedule is always packed and they do a really good job of bringing locals onto touring bills downstairs and doing local shows upstairs.  It's a varied schedule too, with everything from Black Metal to Hip Hop to dance crap to Indie Rock.  Save yourself the fees and hit the box office to buy your tickets.
Fresh, fast, and fabulous.  Perfect for getting to go.  Exquisite, authentic flavors.  One of the best falafel I've ever had.  Mouth-watering lamb.  Go to this place!   

Must haves: gyro & falafel combo plate, skirt steak, baklava.
The smoked chicken is awesome here.  It comes on a salad with tahini dressing.  The owners are super nice and give out free chai.  I always get a side of either meat pie or pumpkin kebbee, and finish my dinner with baklava.  The best baklava I've ever had!!
When I forget to go to the grocery store, I primarily survive on Moody's.  The chicken shawarma wrapup with hot sauce is amazing, and it's great any time of day, even 2:30am!

I'd call myself a shawarma connoisseir, a shawarmmelier if you will, and Moody's is one of the best joints I have ever been to, not to mention lived down the street from!
this is a cool place to go...i don't care what! it's not a place for the typical SPOILED L.A. brat. it has a fun atomosphere, the servers are awesome and funny and who cares if they don't have drinks?..buy a flask..lol
anywho, i'm a regular here so i bring my friends and they always love it... also there is a 'VIP' section in another part of the joint...ask about it...fun fun fun
I had previously been to this restaurant when it was Jack's Grill and I was less than impressed at that point.  However, I figured I would give it another go since the name and, I think, ownership change.

I ordered the mixed grill to go.  I was in some what of a hurry and didn't feel like reading through their extensive menu.  I went with the first thing that seemed tasty.  

I waited a bit longer than I would have liked, but that was made up for by the food I was presented with.  The counter person alerted me my order was ready and presented me with this giant bag full of food.  When I got home I found a huge portion of rice and meat with a side of hummus and baba ghanoul (sp?), and a generous portion of pita.

Everything was delicious and having some fresh garlic on the hummus was a nice change from the typical oil and paprika.  There was enough food for two people to eat one meal, or, in my case, there is enough food for me to have lunch and a second meal in the near future.  

I will go back and try some more of the menu items for certain.
Love this place! Relaxing, fun, yummy REAL Mediterranean food! My waiter was always really nice and pleasant, I think his name is adam?, and is very knowledgeable on the menu. It's always nice to go to a family owned place and feel the "uncorporateness" about it. Other shisha places like the prince have that corporate aspect that takes away from the dining experience!  And now they ahev a cheap and delicious buffet! Thats great for when u cant make up ur mind on what to eat. Can't wait to go back. :) keep on doing what ur doing mosaic.
My quest for perfect balls...of fried chick peas and fava beans as well as all the previous chickie fava balls I've sampled in the past VS:
The next Falafel contender
Chicken shawarma
The swarming biotech lunch crowd

Who continues as the best East Coast falafel? The Middle Eastern food truck on 77 Mass Ave because it's a whole lot cheaper for a larger portion of equally tasty falafels (this truck is NOT to be confused with the Olive Tree Cafe truck in the MIT parking lot that is VERY mediocre, even by food truck standards)

Echoing some of the previous Yelp sentiments
Aceituna falafel = appetizing outward appearance, however, exterior lacked crunchiness, more like a salt ball in terms of flavor and rough texture, not very flavorful, plus it's so expensive! Let's do some math here; food truck falafel wrap; less than $4, Aceituna falafel wrap; greater than $7, plus the food truck wrap contains ~5-6 tasty falafels versus the 4 in my Aceintuna one.

Chicken shawarma = hmmm, what is being drizzled on the cheap chewy commercial pita bread??? Is it yellowing mayo? No, it's "garlic sauce". What does it taste like? Yellowing mayo. At least it adds some moisture to the dry, flavorless chicken cut from the rotating hunk o' meat. If, for some reason, you still get this wrap after reading this review, get it with the purple/pink pickles, which rescue this otherwise overpriced blahness.

Lunch time atmosphere = cafeteria style, lots of suits and biotech business types; the only reason I was here was for the Farmer's market.

My perfect falafel quest continues...
Drinks are cheap, bartenders and staff are friendly. 

Although the belly dancers bring in a lot of business, they are poorly paid in comparison with other venues.

Alright for concerts only, or a laid back beer with friends.  I don't recommend this place as a restaurant. Food is cheap, but also inconsistent, can be kind of greasy.
Simply put, the most delicious, overflowing omlettes I've had. The eggs seem almost like a distraction next to the prodigious quantity of vegetables. The home fries are great, too. An exceptional breakfast/brunch.

That said, the service is notoriously unpredictable. I've had some long waits both to sit and to order, and the staff seems different every time (hilariously, I've had some children who happened to be hanging around bring me my silverware). 

But all is forgiven when the food comes. Oh, man, I'm hungry just thinking about it.
The food here is inexpensive and really very tasty. Their weekend specials are really good. I am a fan of the Turkish beer Efes as well. There is not much in the way of ambience, but they have a patio that is pleasant enough in fair weather. 

My complaint is that there is something inefficient about the way the kitchen is laid out, so when it gets even a little busy, all the waiters fly around like bats out of hell. It takes away from the pleasure of the meal.
This is a place for which you should fully trust in Yelp. We ordered a bunch of food for a 10-person gathering, and everything was ready in like 25 minutes. And, it tasted GREAT! We got some of the combos (meals under "From the Grill") including the chicken and beef kabob and the chicken schawarma, plus a good five orders of dolmas (grape leaves). I tried the chicken schawarma and a lot of the dolmas, and am pleased to say that this ties for first place for best Mediterranean food I've had in LA so far, and factoring in the under $10 prices, probably takes first place. The chicken was a bit dry, but I've learned that it is supposed to be that way. And, the flavor was powerful without being overly salty at all. Just shy of 5-stars, I would add that they need to include about 2-3x the amount of tzatziki sauce, as my dish only came with a very small side that dressed up only a few bites. If I could take it, I would have dosed my food with the spicy red chili side as well, which was good, but a bit strong for my spice tolerance level. The dolmas were great--5-star. They reminded me of the one's Trader Joe's used to sell (nice and lemony) except that, unlike Trader Joe's, the rice was not undercooked. Perfection! The rice pilaf was good and tasted like normal rice pilaf (4-star), and the hummus tasted quite homemade without being too heavy on the tahini (though I would venture add a little more lemon and garlic)--3.5 star. The pita is not made in house but is fresh and soft and perfectly compliments the meal. I can't say anything about the venue, as I didn't pick up the food. But, the phone dude was friendly and helpful. 

Bottom line: Go!
We have ignored the Tri-Tip Shawerma plate long enough!  As previous reviews have established, this is a good Armenian "fast" food restaurant. (Fast really depends on the time of day.) Great.  Lets start looking at the menu.  People seem to have taken a strong liking to the chicken, as they should.  It's delicious.  But, I could never eat an entire chicken by myself and the wraps are just too small to call a complete meal.  Shawerma is the answer.  Don't be scared by the name.  It's marinated, slow roasted, tri-tip beef.  Seriously, give the Shawerma some love.
It was about $13 for hookah split 4 ways for about 1.5 hours, $3 for Turkish coffee, and $2 for bottled Habibi's water.  Yes, it is mandatory to have water with your coffee because having the coffee by itself is too strong.  Unless you want to end up like a strung-out Starbucks addict after just one cup of Turkish coffee, you better chase it with water.

If you don't know how to do smoke rings, ask the 40-something Persian waitress to show you.  She was seen showing some teenage girls how to smoke properly, to their delight.  What a role model!

Our intrepid hero would recommend this place for a casual afternoon gathering, but would warn you never to use the washroom here.

PROS:
- Fairly authentic Persian feel.  They even play Persian pop music.
- Very relaxing ambiance

CONS:
- Your bill may vary, as it seems like it is somewhat dependent on who is working and how much they like you
There are definitely some shady vibes radiating out of this place. The hookah here sucks. Poor quality.

They do actually make their own food and it's not bad. The service is not bad unlike Gypsy across the street.
I had been meaning to try Viva Cafe since it opened up a few months ago. At first I hesitated because they original menu was more fine dining and the prices were too high to try it out on a whim. More recently, they changed their menu and prices so as I passed by tonight, I decided to try it. 

We ordered the falafel wrap ($4.50), the casablanca chicken wrap (chicken, roasted peppers & feta) ($6.50)  and the Tajine chicken ($9.50) with preserved lemons, olives and herbs served with rice and salad. The falafel was delicious, moist on the inside, crispy on the outside and nicely seasoned. Someone else mentioned that Viva's falafel is better than Falafel Palace, and I wholeheartedly agree (cheaper too.) The casablanca chicken sandwich was also yummy. The person I was with, a die-hard falafel fan, actually preferred this sandwich. The feta was creamy, the peppers tangy and the chicken surprisingly moist.  The highlight for me was the Tanjine chicken. The chicken pieces are in a delicious broth of delicate flavors. The only thing I would change is for them to increase the amount of preserved lemon in it. The bites I had with the lemon were fantastic, without, the flavor fell a little short. 

All of the ingredients they use taste exceptionally fresh and the food is made to order. We only waited for about 5 minutes for our food, but I expect that as business picks up, it might take longer. The service was excellent. We asked questions and took a while to order and they were nothing but helpful and nice. When I started to get up to ask the counter person to wrap our leftovers, a man came right over, offered to have it wrapped and brought to us. 

I really wanted to like this place and I am so happy that I do. I hope that this little place can stay afloat long enough to get the business it deserves so I can keep this gem in my neighborhood.
Decent wraps. I usually get the chicken schwarma or the falafel wrap. The falafel is alright, and certainly not the best I've ever had. The schwarma is fresh and served carved off the spit, and everything is made to order in front of you. If you're not a fan of pickles or pickled things, the wraps probably aren't for you.

Not a fan of the Greek salad. I thought it'd be the typical Greek salad with lettuce, feta, olives, etc. but it's actually a fuckload of tomatoes with feta. I _hate_ tomatoes, so this is not for me.

It gets _really_ busy here during lunchtime. You might be waiting for quite awhile.

Decent food in Kendall, for takeout or dine-in.
Mira is in the former home of Dijon Bistro, and serves up a delicious culinary mix from the Mediterranean and the Middle East. The setting is comfortable and classy, with friendly and attentive service. In fact, we'd say Mira has the feel of an eatery that's been up and running for months or years, not just a relatively few weeks.

Middle eastern meals often begin with an array of dips and other small items to be shared around the table, so the Mediterranean tapas plate is a good starting point at Mira. This plate changes frequently, but includes housemade cheeses such as a Lebanese shankleesh, or grilled haloumi.

We've tried a variety of entrees, as well, including rockfish baked with tahini, onions, and scalloped potatoes as a hearty casserole; spice-crusted yellowfin tuna; roasted littleneck clams and linguini; and a satisfying and delicious grilled, spice-rubbed sirloin, one of the best steaks I've tasted in town in a while.

Odd as it may seem to enjoy a fancy dinner between the bowling alley and the DMV, this spot has a long history of top-notch food. Vegetarians will be not just OK here, but satisfied and happy.

I've written in more detail on 14850 Dining...

http://dining.14850.com/reviews/mira-mediterranean
My husband is Lebanese and I'm Puerto Rican. We recently moved here from Beirut and, to date, this is the best Middle Eastern place in the Boston area. He wont eat anywhere else, and I'm more than happy to eat here at least once a week. The place is always clean, the food is so, so FRESH!, nice decor for a casual place, the people that work there are always so nice and make you feel at home. I am so addicted to this place its not even funny! The shawarma is superb, the tabboule is always fresh, the garlic sauce is just right, the rice is perfectly Lebanese (noodles and all!). It's also the only place we've seen that has both pickled cucumbers as well as turnips, which we both love. Also, the moghrabiye is AMAZING if you miss the one from back home! The hummus isn't the best though. Decent falafel, great spicy potatoes. The place is not necessarily a restaurant. It has a bit of a cafeteria-like ambiance, but only because its in the middle of all the big industrial buildings. You would never expect it to be where it is. During the day, it's PACKED with people on their lunch hour from work. I don't recommend it. In the evening, it's so much more homier and they play Arabic music sometimes. You know the place is good when half the people that go for dinner are Middle Eastern. Keep in mind that they close at 8pm, which is perfect if you want a nice, inexpensive, healthy dinner before a movie at the Kendall Cinema, which is walking distance, or the mall next door. We LOVE Aceituna. Sa7ten everybody ;)
I've been using the Yelp app and finding a gem every day.  The food is five stars just losing one because it was like an oven in there - no AC. I got the lamb pitta and fried cauliflower.  The pitta is light and completely different from the store bought variety. The bar to add your own sauces and dressing is great - the pickled turnips are crisp and crunchy and far superior to Zankou's.  The cauliflower is incredible.
This is a great place to grab a quick lunch if you're in the area.  They offer a variety of salads and wraps, but I've only tried the falafel wraps each time I've come here.  I've ordered it with and without the hummus, and I think I prefer it without the hummus, as the hummus makes it too thick and rich.  I prefer to dip the wrap in a side of the tzatziki yogurt dip.  The wraps are generously sized and reasonably price.  I do, however, prefer a thinner pita for the wrap, even though the thicker ones do a better job of holding the wrap together.

I also like the many different candies they sell near the front counter, especially the individually wrapped mochis.

The parking lot can be a little difficult to maneuver out of when there is a lot of traffic on Guadalupe.
Went today for the first time based on a positive review in the AA Observer. First impressions of the interior is that it is surprisingly spacious and inviting. There was some initial confusion as to how to order - but the owner is working on making signage and other visual cues to hopefully alleviate the situation. This place just opened and some kinks in service might be understandable, however I found the the staff to be very friendly and did not experience any problems. We had a falafel plate, vegetarian grape leaves, tabbouleh salad, and chicken schwarma plate split. Many of the dishes used unexpected spices (some kind of curry tumeric combination?) and I like being surprised! I especially enjoyed the potato curry soup, which was rich and spicy. The falafels were also delicious and were not overly fried or greasy. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. There are a ton of Mediterranean restaurants in AA, but this one definitely has its own distinct flavors and we will be back. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly. I am not a fan of the disposable plates and utensils, but overall it is a welcome lunch alternative.
Anyone who gives this place less than 5 stars should be burned at the stake.

I mean, c'mon. The assembly line? So economical and quick. Even better? I went there for a wrap a WHOLE YEAR LATER and the awesome dudes there still remembered what I liked to order. No hot sauce!
Regrettably, this place used to be very good about a year and a half ago. From what I understand, it changed ownership and from that point I have been there twice. Both times were mediocre at best. The menu items are far fewer than what used to be offered. 

The koubideh (ground chicken)  was on the dry side. The hummus was insipid compared to what it once was. I am hoping they are able to do something to restore the food to its previous quality, since this is the only Persian restaurant in the vicinity. 

I'll probably try it again is several months at which time I hope to have better things to say asides from the tea being good.
I would say Turkish cuisine is the best middle eastern and Mediterranean cuisine around.  This is why Empire Turkish Grill and Istanbul Grill are one of my favorites. They are just yummy.
Prices pretty reasonable but you can even make it cheaper by choosing "sandwich" versions of those kebabs. They will still be enough to make you full and still be mouth watering... But I would recommend to have the plate to get the full experience of this "deliciousness."

Staffs are always nice and patient. Most of the workers are Turkish too in addition to those ethnic figures all around the restaurant in addition to Turkish music. So you sure will feel the authenticity.
The food is still good but I've been disappointed in the service the last two times I've been there. I'm all for laid back staff, but common courtesy is still important to me. Sadly, if the service continues to decline, I'll probably stop going.
This is one of the best places I've eaten Turkish food outside the Turkey.  We got quite a few smaller dishes: lentil soup was great, eggplant appetizer was delicious with pine nuts, kebab was juicy and tasty, shepard's salad could have used a little bit more flavor, rice pudding was to die for and shakir pare was so delicious I could eat my fingers off.  That's how Turkish food should taste!  Great job, owners!
I've eaten here twice, maybe I need to give them another shot but so far I have been less than impressed.  My chicken filled pita immediately fell apart and not because the chicken was so juicy and delicious, that would have been acceptable.  I did not try the hummus so I can't offer an opinion. The staff is nice.
THEY ELIMINATED THE BRUNCH MENU!

Okay, there are TWO options left for brunch. But what the hell kind of  brunch menu is that? The waitress said everyone was pissed off and was understanding when we left. Central Square, where the hell are we supposed to get breakfast? DUNKIN DONUTS? Gag me with a Welfare check.
Their orange mint hot chocolate was divine, great atmosphere, the only downside was I waited 25 minutes to get my hot chocolate.
Best middle eastern food in Ann Arbor hands down!  I think I could wake up and just eat their falafels all day long.

The carry out service is really fast too.  After you place your order they make it fresh on the spot and you're out of there in less than 5 minutes!
Food was pretty good. The waiter basically told us that we can ignore the menu and mix and match our order so we get a flavor of more than one item.
I came here a while ago with my friend for a concert. We're both under 18, so it was great that there was a show that we could see. The ticket prices were really reasonable, and the show was great (we were downstairs). The stage was really visible, and though people were constantly milling around we had no comfort issues. I even sat on the soda bar for a bit (great seat!). 
What I really liked was that during the show, we were allowed to go upstairs into the restaurant and eat. We had delicious falafels (reasonably priced, too) with fries, and no problems at all getting let in again downstairs!
 I would come back.
I tried to drunkenly post a review of this from my phone a while ago, and failed.

I only recently tried this place (thanks to Yelp) because I'd been faithful to the Middle East. Now, I still love the Mid East's food, and if I want to sit down with friends, that's the obvious choice. But for grabbing a snack on the way home, nothing beats Moody's. Possibly the best Chicken Shwarma I've had in my life (obviously, since I felt the need to attempt to mobile post while the sauce was dripping down my face).

Definitely don't be put off by the crowd of people crammed into this tiny room at 2 AM. Suck it up and wait 10 minutes. It is totally worth it. Oh, and could you keep your eye on my car? It's out front with the hazards on... half a block from a police station. Whoops.
The PITas

Two stars cause I fell sorry for them

We ordered fries with our Shawerma and they actually opened a  frozen bag of fries and threw it into the deep firer.  Is it really that hard to have fresh french fries....it's just a potato....... I knew it was downhill for there.  

Humus....secret recipe make it months in advance so it gets real bitter....

Yogurt dip gross!!!!
Garlic Dip tasted like yogurt dip 

Just proves that Claremont has some of the worst food in the world.  Had the lamb could have been beef.  Had the chicken shawerma so dry and plasticy the only way I could tell the chicken apart from the plate was by color. 

total cost 28 bucks for Costco fries bagged pita, canned hummus and the worst stomach ache ever...........


Note decor is garage sale sheek and place has a weird armpit smell

should of went to in n out atleast they have fresh fries......
I really wish my gyro meat spent a little more time on the spit, maybe because at lunch time the place in run over by students, but I always miss out on the crispy bits that I love the most.  

Tips: Have cash, order before the rush, skip the salad, opt for the soup or fries.
I'm a sucker for kebabs...especially if they are good! This spot, my friends, is definitely one of those spots

For about $8, go big and get one of their plate entrees, which comes with a mini salad, pita bread, hummus, garlic and hot sauce and your choice of meat. Loved the lamb and chicken schwarma meat here. 

They crank out the food and you're in and out quickly to enjoy the food. Come here during lunch time and it gets fairly chaotic as the lines here can get packed due to the popularity of the place.
This place is absolutely delicious.  I recommend the chai (iced is my favorite and both hot and iced are unlimited refills), garlic naan and tikka masala.  I get this every time I go and always leave completely stuffed.  The servers are nice and pretty attentive.  The only reason that I didn't give it five stars is that if you stay to chat more than a few minutes after your meal (even if you've already closed out the check and it's very slow) they are pretty obvious about wanting you to leave.  Overall, a great place.
At first I was charmed and impressed by the atmosphere and décor of this place. It really is beautiful, as some of my friends had told me. But upon looking at menu prices and when we got the bill, it seemed a little excessive. The food is pricey, and nothing special (though it's certainly not bad). But just going for coffee or tea would probably be worth it. It's definitely a beautiful place to sit and chat with some friends, just beware that the $ add up pretty quickly if you're getting food and coffee, etc.
I stopped by this truck after my dog's appointment at UPenn's veterinary hospital. While driving, I saw a bunch of trucks, but being the hummus-addict I am, I had to go try this one.

I ordered a falafel & hummus ($4.50). It was ok. They were a bit stingy on everything except the pita they wrapped it in. The taste itself wasn't bad.

I'll try a different truck next time I'm in this neck of the woods.
There's almost nothing bad about Ahmo's!  From their little smart car delivery vehicle (appealing to my love of all things miniature) to the ridiculously nice people who work there, Ahmo's is awesome.  It was our go-to place as we stumbled back home from football games this year, and the portions are pretty big.  The falafel sandwich and the greek salad are great, as is the giant wall of beverages.  The only downside to this place is that they close pretty early, around 10pm.  If they stayed open later, I would definitely hit them up for late night food.  I also have to say, the people who work here are SO great.  I wandered in once for ice cream, and the counter guy refused to let me pay for it because they didn't have the toppings I wanted.  So overall, great service and great food!
The people here are incredibly nice, and the food is always authentic and delicious. 

I usually get the vegetarian quatro dish, which includes their to-die-for baba ganoush, incredible hummus, and madoura ( a rice and lentil side). I get it with vegetables and pickles instead of tabouli or fattoush. 

They are super accommodating to my weird food requests and smile even as I ask them to make me a falafel wrap with 2 falafels instead of 4, olives, extra pickles, baba ganoush AND hummus, and no onions.

I think the prices are great, and I've heard their burgers are excellent as well.

Healthy and great for late nights, I think they are open until 1 or 2 am for the most part.
Being a frugal college student, this place lured me in with its buy-one-get-one-half-off coupon in the student dollar stretcher. Very Mom&Pop store feel..with a grandpa smiling & grilling the food.

I got the chicken kabob wrap, no mayo. It came out to be the length of my forearm - so that was a plus! The chicken seasoning was flavorful but the chicken itself was a little dry (maybe because it was near closing). The pickles in the wrap are really tasty though! 

Good if you're in a rush and take the food to go - you can call ahead and order in! Especially for UCSD students like me during finals time -_-
pretty good persian stuff across from PCC.
Have been going there for about ~8 years (since they opened).
nothing special, just good persian food.
I really wanted to give this place a good rating...based on first impressions, I liked it a lot more than the other falafel/gyro spot down the block.  It was much brighter, much cleaner (I liked the stainless steel appliances) and the lay-out of the place was a lot more attractive.

I ordered the "jumbo" falafel and once again I was told it was 5 dollars...yet, the price on the board ($4.57) and tax would only equal $4.98 maximum...not that I really care about the 2 pennies but can I please have some accurate prices on the menus if they are actually going to take extra money?  I'm getting a little tired of this...and to make matters worse - the place claims to accepts debt/credit cards but they actually charge a 50 cent service fee.  I understand the credit card companies charge these places a service fee but that service fee is 2.5 or 3.5 percent and 50 cents on a 5 dollar order is 10 percent, so Aladdin's just pocketed an extra 7 percent of my money.  I came here for a cheap meal, not to be nickled and dimed to death.

Anyway...I liked the way the guy behind the counter prepared the sandwich and I walked home pretty confident that I would be very satisfied.  Unfortunately, the pita itself was nowhere near "jumbo" sized and that really disappointed me.  The lettuce, tomatoes and onions were cheap and flavorless - which is to be expected from an inexpensive spot like this.  The sauce was thick and tasty.  The falafel balls were wonderfully prepared (but there were only 3 of them, whereas the place down the block gave me 4).  Then I bit into a piece of falafel and my tooth crunched down onto something hard...it felt like I was biting a small pebble.  At this point, you can imagine how unhappy I was and it's pretty obvious that a 1 star rating was inevitable.

Overall, I was very unhappy with Aladdin's Falafel Corner.  The place isn't on a corner and my $4.98 "jumbo" falafel was was $5.50 and certainly not "jumbo."  I won't be going back.
finding good falafel is a chore. in west philly/ucity i have found magic carpet and the food truck on 40th and locust to be decent. however, for me, humus has displaced the others as best falafel in the neightborhood. 

hummus's falafel is not dry, which is a common caveat, and the helpings are generous, another common lacuna in falafel-serving establishments. the only and severe problem is the price, $8, which precludes it from being a quick, cheap bite (at least on a stipend... petition your congressional representative to increase the nih budget so i can eat more falafel).
This place is amazing! Great Mediterranean food- I always get the chicken kebab pita wrap (I can't not!) but, I trust my friends when they say it is all good. One of the best things about this place is it is FAST. Faster then fast food. A long line out the door will be served and on their way in no time..highly recommend !
My brother was served a "honey dijon chicken" dish that was the curry chicken dish I ordered but with yellow mustard squirted on top. Wow. Really?

If only the food was decent, this place would be cool.
Sacca's is terrific. The falafel sandwich is sooooo good, the owners are very friendly and the space is clean and bright. Very affordable, and everything seems to be made fresh there.
The gyro meat was neither flavorful nor at all crispy. The ratio of meat to vegetables was way off with much too much lettuce. One interesting thing was that this is the only place Ive had a gyro in the region where they serve it in what I understand as Lebanese style, i.e. stuffed in the pita pocket instead of just wrapped in a pita.

I just had a gyro to go, so I can't comment on anything else about this restaurant (other than it's not the Cedars that serves Indian food; all of you posting about Indian food on this page are doing wrong).
Love the chicken, especially with the garlic paste and hummus all rolled into one pita wrap. Of course it's even better with the deliciousness of the chicken skin added to this tasty delight.

The basmati rice is also a great choice, delicious and fluffy. The hummus creamy and addictive!
My wife is a picky eater who will not touch any kind of funky, sinewy meat, but there she is - gnawing on the Zankou white meat chicken. Oh the chicken skin: It's salty and crispy and savory.  

Always ask for the extra pita. It's free!
This is my first review and I'm happy to be commenting about East Side Pockets! I was introduced to this place, because my wife went to Brown and we come here for events and visiting friends. She's been coming here for over a decade and the folks who own/work there still remember her. It's nice having a connection like this with your local eateries and shops.

I've had many falafel wraps/pockets over the years and ESP's are the very best I've ever had!! There was one other falafel wrap that I won't forget and that was at the Oswego Music Festival at this temporary truck restaurant thing. The fact that I can come back to ESP whenever I want to make the drive down here from Boston is a very special treat.

Perfectly moist falafel, day-fresh pita bread and their amazing  sweet hot sauce all make this a winner. The fact that they put pickles, banana peppers and their tahini and cucumber sauce doesn't put me up in the stratosphere either. No, really it does. ;-)

In general, East Side Pockets is a slice of Heaven! Keep rockin' it guys!
This place rocks on many levels.  

First, it's cheap.  

Second, the wraps are fantastic (falafel and kafta in particular come to mind.) 

Third, they are open until 3am and drunk ordering is encouraged.  

Fourth, the guys I usually order from are big Pink Floyd fans and will crank up the music for you if you make mention of it.  

Love this place and am a regular.
Bella= beautiful. Beautiful= Falafel Pita. 
It's rare that I come across perfection....and this was one of those rare moments. My other-half and I came across Bella Pita while on our nightly food hunt in Westwood. I ordered the Falafel Pita ($4.50) and my guy decided to be weird and ordered the Tuna Pita ($4.50) which I told him would suck....but men will be men and he ordered it anyway. Dinner for 2 was $10. That can't be beat! There was no one there so we sat at the counter. FYI the counter only has 5 stools so if they're all taken make sure you find another location to enjoy this heavenly pita. As I'm sure you've read from the other reviews they have a DIY salad bar with all the fixins to fill your pita with. I don't really understand why so many people don't like the salad bar?? Maybe it's the fact that you have to fill the pita yourself, but that way you can put exactly what you want in it! I loved the salad bar....I couldn't believe how fresh all the veggies were! It was so impressive!
Let's get back to my pita....
I ordered the Falafel Pita. The actual pita was so warm and I love the fact that they don't make the pita until you order it. It came with 3 pieces of Falafel and I filled it with hummus, cabbage, onions, tomato and topped it with the "really hot sauce"....no really....it says that on the bottle. Oh. My. GOD!!!! I was in pita heaven!! That hot sauce really made my pita what it was....YUM. There's a sign on the salad bar that says you can only use it once....but I went back a second time because I didn't fill my pita sufficiently the first time....and I needed more of that "really" hot sauce!! Bella Pita is a wonderful establishment and I can't wait to stuff my face with their exceptional falafel pita again. 
Thank you Bella Pita, for a mind-blowing experience.
More of a 3.5.  I am always on the prowl for good middle eastern food.  Bear in mind that my palate lacks sophistication (I am the one that will join my friends at the sushi bar and order a California roll - usually I am relegated to a table by myself to enjoy my chicken teriyaki due to the embarrassment I have caused my friends)

So I always stick with my white toast palate - chicken kabob.  I thought it was good, not great, the balsmati rice was a bit dry.  HOWEVER, the lentil soup is possibly the best I have ever had....really really really tasty!!

Servers were attentive and accomodating
This place has great food! The food came quick and was great! Very filling- but they are slow to bring the check. I would recommend this place but please don't come here if you are in a hurry. You're there for a goo meal- so why rush anyway?!
Great place to eat, the best middle eastern restaurant in town
...without a doubt, their chicken kabobs, rice pilaf, Greek salad, hummus, and pita is the best lunch in Pasadena for the price ($8 - $9).  The service is impossibly fast (think Tommy's at Beverly and Rampart) and the staff remembers your order if you're a regular.  I eat there at least weekly.
Just eat the chicken. No other dish compares. I wish they had better pita bread, and their falafels are salty, but those are minor quibbles compared to the awesomeness that is their poultry. I didn't have "next day" garlic breath either, which can sometimes happen despite all the Listerine in the world. Hmmm...dreaming about it now....
Food is great, but the staff is just odd. They are not necessarily rude, but no way in hell friendly. Arrogant would be the best way one of the former review posters put it.

Either way I like there food and it's not a white tablecloth and silverware joint. More like any other fast food joint - place your order, wait for your number, and sit on plastic seats why you munch away. 

Parking sucks, the staff needs attitude adjustments, but the food is very good. It's a cash only joint so bring a bag of pennies just to tick-off the staff even more (just kidding - sort of).
overrated. dry, boring shawarma and falafel. good only for late night drunk chow.
In case you stop reading after this sentence, I'm going to get right into it: a dozen falafel for under $5.

I can't eat all of them comfortably, reaching my tipping point at around the ninth ball. I've gone for the order of 12 far more often than I should have, but goddamn, these guys aren't lying when they say they have the best falafel in town. (A half-dozen used to cost less than two dollars, but it's inched up to $2.49 before taxes. Might as well double that and share with some friends.)

Freshly fried, each ball is nice and crisp, if a little too oily. Toss in two little cups of tahini sauce, and who needs vegetables or a pita wrap? (Those will run you just over $7 after all, and only include two or three falafel.)

Sometimes you have to wait a short while before they're done; I've gotten them faster during peak meal hours when they're already churning them out when you walk in.

Sure, the shawarmas and the kabobs aren't quite as spectacular, but that's not what they pride themselves on. I've yet to try Holy Land down on College, but Sunrise is the go-to spot near campus.
Dude.  Cut your hair already.
great food but it deserves a 3 because the place smells like B.O. and they like to take care of their own people first, if you know what I mean. It's definitely one of those places you should only order to-go if you don't mind waiting while watching the rude, cake faced cashier ladies until they call out your number.
Sweet people, authentically delicious food.  Prices not bad for this area either.  So what are you waiting for?  GO!
Ah, the upstairs level of Algiers. I wish I could bypass the stairs and fly a magic carpet up to one of your corner booths. When I come here I feel like I have stepped out of Harvard Square and entered a magical little cafe that might disappear when I try to find it again. You are always warm and cozy and you serve delicious, strong coffee & teas. You can get packed, so don't come here expecting to spread out with your laptop and newspaper.
I'm surprised I'd  never heard of this place before last week.  It's truly fantastic.

I was in Harvard and just looking for a cup of coffee, and saw this place and thought it would be a small little coffee hut, a la 1369.  It truly doesn't look that big from out front.

But once you enter your treated to an assortment of amazing smells and bright colors painted on every well.  You could easily spend most your time their just paying great notice to the architecture and the color scheme.

As far as their food goes, I only had the house coffee and a falafel wrap, but both were truly amazing and priced less then I'd expect them to be.

I'll be honest in saying that normally when I go to Harvard, I'm their for greasy hamburgers and plenty of beer.  But this place has now been added to places in Harvard I truly enjoying being at.
Heres a review of the only combination at Amirs Felafel that i go for. 

Felafel platter with hummus and french fries. 

Of all the hummus places i have tried in the city, Amirs hummus is most consistently fresh. although french fires are better known to go with ketchup rather than hummus, but over here i always order fries with hummus cuz its so good. highly recommended, fellas.
I can't believe it took so long to finally get my azz up and check dis place out. It looks kinda shady in photos, but it aint half bad. You can't go wrong with the lamb kebab plate. The meat's tender AF, and it comes with rice, garlic sauce, hot sauce, hummus, and greek salad all for under $10. The food comes out quicker than fast food places and its way tastier and healthier than no gad damn Mickey D's. 

Shoot, I'm hongryyy now
When I was unemployed I came here for cheap PBRs and the bartenders were good to me. Oh and buy tickets in advance whenever possible. The box office is upstairs from the middle bar. Watch your step. I may have fallen down them.. sort of. 3.5 stars rounded up.

Upstairs - I've only been a few times. One of my old music teachers had a gig here and the sound was great. This cat has a booming voice too, so whoever was on sound definitely held it down. I can't remember if they have a full bar up here, but they had a decent beer selection. It's an intimate venue and I love it. 

Middle Meat - Can't complain with free wi-fi. I've had brunch here once or twice. Service was wonderful, but the meal was a little less memorable. I do remember enjoying the lamb kebabs though.  

Downstairs - I'm a fan of the space, but not always a fan of the sound. The last two shows I went to, the sound was screechy. I did however manage to meet an interesting Irishman in a women's mask that had some interesting insights into music. This proved helpful because I was writing a music review for a magazine at the time. So cheers to that fella. The bathrooms are kinda icky and usually don't work. It's probably dim in there so that you don't see the flooding water from one of the other stalls. Most shows here are BYOTP, BTW. Downstairs does get some good acts.. and I've had friends play here.. so props to Middle East for keeping the Cambridge area one of the best places to hear some awesome tunes.
I used to like going to brunch. But Central Square is surprisingly short on this. I thought this place would be the answer but it turned me off to brunch altogether for a while. The food is too greasy. The toast is cold. The veggies are soggy. The french toast is hardly distinguishable from regular toast. The homefries are never right. And don't order the eggs benedict.

No idea what everyone else is talking about. This place is not good. Cheap but still not worth it. Plus, lots of hipsters.
We went here cuz The Med Cafe was closed...bummer...I did not like the meat wrap...but the chicken wrap was okay...Garlic sauce was good...T-shirts for 3.99..that was cool!

Like the other place so much better..but this will have to do when the Med is closed!  (Why didn't anyone tell me I had a typo, I do know how to spell meat!)
If you've ever been to Med Cafe, you understand why this place is so highly rated.  If you haven't, let me try to break it down for you:
It is centrally located on a busy street, close to Old Town Pasadena and Paseo, but tucked away enough from the frenzy that it won't kill you to look for parking.  It's a small place that could be easily missed if you don't know where you're going, and for that, I am glad, because everyone who eats there is a regular and is loyal to this place.  The guys behind the register are friendly ENOUGH for restaurant people, so that's fine with me.  They're quick, too.  Probably faster than the roadrunner, without even trying.  Even with lines out the door and wrapped around the corner (usually every single day during the lunch rush), they'll get you in and out of there in less than eight minutes (I've timed them on several occasions and averaged my waiting time).
Okay, so that's all gravy but what about the food, you ask? THE FOOD IS TOO TERRIFIC.  It's like having your cake AND getting to eat it. The lamb, I've never tried, so I can't comment on that.  But for less than $10, you can get it wrapped in the perfectly warmed pita, so it isn't bad.  Actually, none of the prices are too steep.  For wraps, the most you'll pay is $9, and for a meal, it's around $10-12, but that's including rice, two kebabs, side salad, AND a drink (but I could be mistaken about the drink).  Anyway, my absolute favourite meat they have is the beef.  It's been slowly roasted in its own fat and oils on a rotating spit, probably over night, because the flavour is RICH.  As in, moist and savory til it hits my stomach and gets broken down by bile.  Yeah, that amazing.  It's also super tender, but it isn't bleeding or even remotely red.  These guys know how to handle their beef.  As for the chicken, the ONLY reason why I'm not giving this place a 5/5 is because I think it could be better prepared.  Last three times I tried it (just to be absolutely sure my tastes buds weren't deceiving me or that they weren't having an off day in the kitchen), the shawarma was super dry and pretty bland.  But it's the cheapest wrap you can get, so I guess you get what you pay for.
Oh, and I absolutely adore their tahini/hummus (with an extra side order of their pita) and the tzatziki sauce, which is basically a greek yogurt base with cucumbers mixed in, is a perfect match for the wraps and kebab dipping.
Nice place, good food! Don't have to wait too long for food, and good service. Most items don't have meat, but you can add additional things, such as gyro meat and hummus.  Italian soda with milk was good! A few parking spots.. good to get fries with main item! :)
parking at around 1PM on a weekday is hell. good luck. i met my cousin here and was sitting in a parking spot, which i thought i had gotten lucky with and after about 10 minutes of sitting i realized that it was a parking space for 20 min parking only. boo. 

when we walked in the place was almost full, with a few tables open still. we ordered and i got my chicken shawarma plate immediately. what? thats my plate? but i just uttered the words can i have a chicken shawarma plate please? and like magic it was there in front of my eyes with a little plastic bag with a pita in it. haha

the chicken shawarma was pretty flavorful. a bit dry, but i guess its suppose to be like that. the hummus was good but i thought could have used a little bit more seasoning. my cousin got the beef kebab plate, which took a little bit longer to get. it was pretty flavorful but a little tough. 

the food is pretty good here. i'd probably come here if i worked in the area especially since its super fast. but if you're looking for kebabs, i still say Cafe Bravo in Glendale is the best.
Went here with my niece for dinner & was pleasantly surprised.  The lamb shank & split peas was AMAZING!  I always love a good meal at a fair price.  Definitely coming back.
This place is straight up terrible. 

The per person minimum changes a lot and can get pretty high ($15 per person). If you're going to get dinner, it's pretty easy to meet that minimum but when you're just trying to chill and get some hookah it's annoying. We also had the most incompetent waitress in the world who forced us to get drinks but only gave them to us when we decided to leave. We tried to flag her down so many times but she always forgot about our table. I don't think it should ever take 30+ mins to grab A CAN of lukewarm sprite and an iced tea. 

The hookah had a strong aftertaste of bleach/liquid soap... which cannot be good. Why would anyone come here when Gypsy, literally right across the street, is infinitely better?!
When you're in Central Square and you gotta get your dance on and don't feel like catching (yet another) STD from Middlesex, go to ZuZu. I've never been here to eat - just to dance my ass off to amazing soul music on Friday nights. Timing is everything, as well as how you present yourself when you get to the door. Come before 10:30 or after midnight and you won't have to wait in line. Also if you're with a group of people but break up into smaller groups when you approach the door you may have a better likelihood of getting in, rather than being made to wait outside in the cold to create the appearance of popularity. You ARE popular, ZuZu, why the insecurity? Just let us in already!
This place has fantastic breakfast and is cheap. As other yelpers said, ask for jam with your toast. Vegetables instead of home fries is pretty awesome too.
I LOVE the food here! Favorites are the vegetarian kalaya, the maza platter, lentil soup, hummus, and baba ganoush. Everything is always fresh and delicious.
The servers are ALWAYS polite, if usually slow to get refills. The food does take some time if you're eating in, but the wait to go isn't bad. The baklava is fantastic!
This review is for the downstairs only.

After living here for six years, I finally made my first trip to The Middle East. One of my old favorite bands and Chapel Hill buddies, Pipe was playing. How often to I get to have that much fun? Not often enough!

Everyone who worked there was SO nice to me even though I'm not the typical Cambridge club-goer. I walked in the wrong door, fumbled with my ID since I hadn't gotten carded in ages and all the little hipsters were just incredibly nice.

I pogoed my way though the whole show front and center and the crowd was extremely laid back and cool. No one stepped on me or moshed into me like at House of Blues and the guy next to me high-fived me after the show.

I'd give the sound quality a seven out of ten and the person doing the "light show" with an overhead projector increased the nostalgia factor for this show immensely. I liked the multiple levels and that there were some seats, offering lots of vantage points and space.

The drinks were a little weak and every girl appreciates a bathroom that locks, but overall I had an amazing time and thought it was a great venue. Street parking did take awhile, so allow some time to circle.
I love this place and the food they serve, but my enthusiasm is waning as the service issues have not improved and the owners appear to be blind to the ambiance concerns that I hear from everyone who has eaten there.
The interior is freezing this winter, with no apparent attempt to fix the problem.  If they cannot afford a canvas enclosure to create an air-lock, then a couple of space heaters or turning up the thermostat might allow patrons to eat without wearing their winter coats.
The lighting is harsh and way too bright for a place with appetizers and waiter service.  It's lit up like a McDonalds. Or a surgical operating theater.
The TV is blaring with an Arabic version of MTV, apparently with the volume set at the optimal level for the dishwashers to hear it in the back room.  But it is something that the patrons must shout over to have a conversation.
If you are going to offer appetizers and wait-person service, figure out a way to deliver the appetizers to the patrons in less than 25 minutes after they have been ordered.
Lastly, if individuals dining together have entrees that become ready at different times, keep the first ones under a warming lamp and deliver them to the table at the same moment, when everyone's food is ready.
These fundamentals are so basic, and yet there has been no apparent improvement since they opened.  I'll continue to go there, but not as often, and I'll hesitate to go when I have someone with me who I know won't be happy with poor service, or when I am feeling intolerant of bad service.
Please, someone, have a chat with the proprietor and provide him some well-meaning suggestions.  YMMV
This place is great for when you're on campus and need a quick lunch but don't want to have a "regular" sandwich at the MILLION sandwich shops on State Street (did you hear they're opening a Panera too? ridiculous...) Anyway, they've got yummy pita sandwiches for like $5...I've had the kafta, tawook, and shwarma, all good, and everything is a great price too. And although it doesn't really go together, I like that they have fries. Because there are actually few places around that area that have fries (besides sit-down places like Red Hawk or Mr. Greeks). And today I really wanted some fries and PKG gave me what I needed. They have online ordering, which is nice, (eatblue.com or campusfood.com) and the guys who work there are always very nice. You can wait a bit during lunchtime, and it's crowded in there, so ordering ahead online is a good feature. They're great late-night too, mmm. Exactly what you need.
I went in here for a quick to- go brunch. The restaurant itself had a very pleasant, almost homey decor. I ordered the Ultimate Omelet for brunch and the Pancakes with eggs and sausage for the next morning. I thought the Ultimate Omelet would have the varying meats (chicken, ham, sausage) IN the omelet, but they were piled on top of it. The omelet itself was delicious and had a ton of sautéed spinach and other fresh veggies. They gave A LOT of food for a very low price. Even though I was starving when I went in, I couldn't finish my meal at once and had to save it for later.

I was curious about the pancakes and tried them- they weren't that great. Definitely NOT something I would get again or recommend. I felt they just covered them with butter and was a little sickened by the thought. If you're going to coat something in butter, then at least make it taste good enough to not let the patron think about how unhealthy it is. I know they were busy when I went in, but I distinctly said sausage for the meat. I ended up with bacon. I'm not a big fan of bacon, but it wasn't that big of a mix up for me to never go back there again.

The sole waitress that I ordered from was clearly frazzled by all the customers, but did not snap at me or rush me out the door. I give her credit for handling decently well under the pressure with many customers waiting.

I will say that a deterring factor in coming to the Brookline Lunch is that they do NOT accept credit or debit cards. I just so happened to have exactly the right amount of cash on me, otherwise I would have had to rush over to an ATM. I know plenty of people who do not carry cash with them. Keep this in mind beforehand if you decide to go here.

Total time from ordering to paying and walking out the door had to be anywhere from 10- 15 minutes (20 mins max). I was pleased with the speedy service.
Stopped by for lunch today and ordered the following:

Mango lassi - pretty good by fast food standards.

Chips with guacamole - Decent. Some of the chips were really salty, but most were good. Guacamole was tasty.

Chicken stuffed naan - Awful. I expect something soft and chewy. Instead it was hard, crispy, overcooked, and almost tasteless when it wasn't burnt.

Based on the other reviews, I might give the naan wrap a try, but I can't recommend the stuffed naan.
there's no alcohol on the menu even tho they have martini glasses hanging there so im not sure....hookah took awhile to get to us after we ordered it...had two drinks...i love that everything taste unique n the portions r def good...there's a $10 minimum per person but our rose hookah was $18 n e way...small place but there is an upstairs which i did not check out...n empty but they r reallie friendly
Ordered take-out from here both times. Prices are very good, if not odd. (Some items are $2.17 or $4.31, for an example) Regardless, the wait is always very brief for the amount of people that are there, and the food is delicious. If calling in an order, expect a bit of difficulty as there is a bit of a language barrier. I tried asking for "light sauce" on a sandwich and it took a few tries before we could understand each other. Besides this small thing, the food is delicious, especially the pita chips and the gyros. Highly recommended!
Not sure how I've managed not to review The Middle East before. When I'm working in Central Square, this is a pretty common place for me to get lunch. Their pumpkin kibbee is absolutely awesome, as is their msaah. That's pretty much all I order, not because the rest of their menu isn't equally awesome, but because those items are so amazing I just haven't yet felt the need to branch out.
Bella pita is a diamond in the rough! I've been eating there about once a week for a year now and I never cease to crave their falafel pits and black bean wowshis. It's pretty cheap especially if you get a meal deal which is a pita/wowshi, side, and drink for %15 percent off and it leaves you so full and satisfied.
It gets crowded sometimes, especially at night when drunk students flock to it, but it's well worth the wait, especially the herb sauce and tomato/onion topping. Always fresh and delicious!
I really, really, really wanted to like this place. I genuinely, honestly did, but I just can't go the extra mile and give it 3 stars. "Why?" is what I'm sure you're asking me in your head right now. Well, there are three reasons: food, price and speediness.

I'm a sucker for Mediterranean food, so when my tummy started growling one night while attending a show at The Foundry for Art Design + Culture, I knew I needed food fast and I knew it wasn't going to be pizza. Al-Baraki was only a couple doors down the street, so there I went. It was a Friday night during peak restaurant hours, so I figured it was going to be busy, but when my friend and I walked in, it felt like we walked into chaos. Only one poor waitress was on duty, attending what seemed like about 10 tables at once. She was doing her best, but I could tell she was beyond frazzled. I almost felt bad for being there and making her do more work. After standing at the counter for 20 minutes waiting for someone to take our order, the waitress finally got a minute to take it. I ordered a small sampler platter for $9.50 and sambouski for $6.50. It was so busy that the cook even came out to take table orders, and apologized to my friend and I for taking so long. All in all we waited 40-45 minutes for two appetizers that cost almost $18. 

When I finally got the chance to eat my food, I was sorely disappointed. I had asked for cheese sambouski but was given beef. Thankfully I am no longer a vegetarian and ate them anyway. The sampler platter was the biggest disappointment. For about ten bucks I was given one nugget of falafel (which was rather bland), one stuffed grape leaf (again, not the best i've ever had), a dollop of hummus, and a dollop of babaganouj (which, at first, I thought was mashed potatoes - also not very tasty). It was laid on a bed of soggy lettuce and coupled with a mostly-cold pita that wasn't even as tasty as most pitas I get in a plastic bag at a grocery store. For $18, which is a lot of money to someone in my age/job bracket, the food was lacking in more ways than one.

Needless to say, I was unimpressed and saddened. Like I said, I really wanted to like Al-Baraki. The waitstaff was nice and did the best they could, but I'm not sure if I'm going to give it a second chance. If I do, I'm going to give that waitress the biggest tip in the world. I felt so bad for her and she was so nice, and I hope she made bank in tips that night!
What a place. What really makes it is the bartender who was awesome. I was there to see a show downstairs and it was pretty good, no complaints. The front bar though - when you first walk in - was a really great time, and like I said, as far as bartenders go he was the best. Nice work, I'm sure I will be back!
J'y ai mangé sur la terrasse et je ne sais pas de quoi a l'air le club à l'intérieur. Mais la nourriture et le service étaient excellents, la bière à un prix très abordable et c'est agréable de passer une partie de la soirée à discuter de tout et de rien sur une des rares terrasses de Boston. Moi qui aime bien la bouffe méditerranéenne et moyen-orientale, j'ai apprécié !
I really like this place, it's certainly the best place for decent Levantine food near campus, but I have a few caveats - service can be very slow and inconsistent, which is fine but you should know that in order to budget your time. 

That said - the main problem with the food here is that their lettuce is disgusting. It always tastes really old and bitter. I thought the place was subpar because I'd only had their wraps, which have lettuce in them, but now I stick to the plates and the sides (I particularly like their eggplant dip and the stuffed grape leaves) and it's very good. It just bugs me because getting better lettuce seems like it'd be such an easy fix!
Hands down the BEST Mediterranean plates. The garlic and hot sauce are amazing. A must try if you are in Pasadena.
In principle, I like the concept: Meat/fish/veggie skewers paired with one of 12 sauces, each sauce inspired by a different world region (Argentina, Thailand, Hawaii, etc.).  How multicultural.  And pretty tasty sauce at that. 

The trouble is that they don't give you enough stix.  Or rather, enough stixs.  (What's the plural on this shit?).  Point being, you pay too much for too little.

Anyway, welcome to Stixs, featuring the most unnecessary "s" ever to grace a name.
This review is just regarding brunch. I had brunch here last weekend on Sunday and don't get me wrong, the food is fantastic.  I mean, really great Eggs Benedict, even though they annoyingly refer to them as 'bennies', and good scrambles. However the service was atrocious.  

We walked in and no one said hi to us or welcomed us for at least 3-5 minutes. I mean, the place is one room, I could SEE all three waitresses, a bus boy and the bartender and no one even said anything. I finally asked one of the waitresses who came to the computer by the front door if we should seat ourselves or wait, and she said we were supposed to wait and then asked me if anyone knew we were there (?!).  There were three, literally THREE tables that were open and they were not seating us. Finally the bartender, who apparently does everything, came over to us and said hi and that they would seat us at a table momentarily and that they were just setting the table. I would say we waited almost 10-15 minutes while the servers ignored us and looked miserable.  Our waitress was nice but she spilled water on me and they all seem generally kind of 'hipster surly'.  

I am giving this place a 2 stars for service, the food and ambiance is great but I wish they had better customer service or would at least smile.
One of the better gyros I've had.  Reasonable price.  The tabooley tastes great too.
Shady Place! Get up and leave now! If you don't, you'll be sorry!

They'll charge you for water, refills & little things that would be normally included, try to nickel and dime you to death!

Cash Only! A big red flag!

They are like used car salesmen. Trying to sell you on more expensive meals. Run! Run Fast!
. I'd seen it for many years on the drag, but just stopped in to have a snack and get some writing done on a Saturday afternoon. At first, I was taken with the kitschy, laid-back atmosphere of the place. 

Unfortunately, both of the people on the clock really seemed like they didn't want us there. They were unaccommodating, despite the fact that my girlfriend and I were the only 2 people in the place.  Won't be going back.  It was your typical West Campus apathy.
I really like the Pita Pit for its variety and healthier choices. I wouldn't say it was meditarranean though they have some options of that sort but that isn't why you would go there anyway.  Like Katherine M said-go to Med Deli for that.

The pitas are softer tortillas, more like wraps.  I would venture to say they should just change their name to the Wrap because it's not anything like traditional pita bread.  The options of fillings are really quite impressive.  They have breakfast, vegetarian and meat.  Each section has a few med style wraps and also sub shop style fillings.  They have a large array of free toppings and some premium ones like avocado.  You can get wheat or white pita.  

I never feel like I've overdone it here though I am completely satisfied.  Definitely a healthier style of fast food.
This place is AMAZING. My chicken kabob plate and chicken kabob wrap are my favorites, and I can't resist the baba ghanoush... I've never had any better than this.

The food comes quickly, and it's fresh.

Best Mediterranean food in Pasadena.
FINALLY!!! A place in Pasadena that has a good Falafel sandwich (wrap). 

When I worked in Hollywood, I would go to Falafel Arax, because their falafel was the most authentic I could find. A falafel that brings back memories of childhood in Lebanon. Since emigrating to the US over 35 years ago, Falafel Arax was the only place that has been able to achieve the authentic flavor of the Lebanese Falafel.

Today, after reading a few reviews on Yelp*, I wanted to try this place. I have to say, I am very pleasantly surprised. The falafel was warm/fresh, the amount of lettuce and tomato was just right, the tahini was seasoned just right, and there was plenty of it, and lastly, they used fresh pita bread in a size large enough to be able to wrap it all the way around. Good job guys.

Zankou is 2 blocks from my office as well as numerous middle eastern eateries, but none have been able to "get it" when it came to the falafel sandwich. Almost all overcook the falafel, the lettuce and tomato is generally not too fresh, many don't put enough tahini, and none have the flavor of the tahini down.

So, I would highly recommend this place for their falafel sandwich. I haven't had any other food from here, so I can't vouch for anything other than the falafel. 

BTW, the $3.75 falafel sandwich is enough to fill you up.
I *heart* Kismet.  When I left Houston, one of the (very few) things I knew I was going to miss was all the good Mediterranean/Greek food.  I was very sad that I may not find a suitable Med/Greek place in Austin...until I found Kismet!

First, the negatives:  this place can be slooooooooow.  Avoid peak lunch hours!  And for weekday lunch, if you're not in the campus area already, have fun trying to find a place to park.  I would not go as far as to call the place filthy, but I have heard others call it "dirty".  Eh, maybe.  But it is not enough to keep me away!

Now, the positives:  the food is incredible!!!  Usually (at other places) I do not order a gyro plate because it's just too much meat for me.  Here, the meat is sooooooo good I eat it all anyway!  (And my gyro-lovin' companion claims it is the best gyro he's ever had!)  I LOVE their vegetarian plate which has this incredible stewed eggplant/zucchini with a fried (?) piece of cauliflower on top, a side of awesome hummus, tabbouleh, pita bread and a dolmas.  Their falafel is also very good.   

Kismet is a little hard to find -- it is right off the Drag -- not on the Drag but on 24th Street.  It is well worth the trip.

In summary, once I discovered this place, I was quite embarrassed that I had been going to Pita Pit around the corner for my hummus/pita fix.
This is a perfect place to grab a cup of coffee with a friend, study, or just get a good falafel. It's a really cool-looking building right in Harvard Square. The coffee is GREAT. Yes it's a bit expensive, but they had one of the best cups of latte that I'd ever had. The falafel wrap that I had was delicious and inexpensive. The only problem is the 2nd floor where I ate was a bit crammed, but you have to remember that it's a coffee house. If you get past that, you'll be delighted in this quaint little cafe in the heart of Harvard Square.
Worst places ever.  The downstairs club area is dirty, and the staff is very unfriendly and VERY RUDE.  No ventilation. I have never been in such a place where they do not care at all about their customers.  They took my friends money at the door and then didn't let her in, and never gave her her money back.  When the concert was over, they wouldn't let me go see my friends on the other side of the club,  they didn't care and just kept pushing me in the direction of the door.  The people working here need to lighten up!!!  Definitely not satisfied with my experience here, I will not be going back ... ever.  And I am a local.
Brunch at Z Rant.  Complete with cocktails, coffee, fresh squeezed juices, many bennies (on savory waffles, youknowyoulovethetermsavorynick), scrambles, egg'wiches, lunch'wiches, including a burger. a very meaty (but lots of veg choices, too), hangover-friendly menu.  delicious bloody maries (sunday's trial was house made spice, house squeezed tomatoes, harissa, cuke juice, and secret bloodymaryallamariah ingredient).  when the menu says cheesy, it's really cheesy (grits, scramble...yum).  Very unique, so-so pricing, lots to choose from, but limited to those savory waffles in lieu of muffins on those bennies.  Didn't see any "standard" breakfast items like eggs and toast, but it's a fun menu.  Soylent green, in the case of z rant, thankfully, isn't people!
Mid eastern fast food. Good and consistent. Inexpensive and no frills. Its a serve yourself environment but the food is decent. No don't compare it to full service dining. This is "fast food" style and is great for what it is.
I don't know why I hadn't gone here before, but I finally stopped by. I had the falafel plate, which was quite good, and the owner was very friendly. I'll definitely be back to try more.
A bit more of a hike than other carts, Rami's has by far the best lamb sandwiches and falafel I've tasted. Prices range from $3.00 for a falafel sandwich to around $5.00 for a full platter. Less artery-clogging than Greek Lady, which should hang its grease-soaked head in shame.
Wow, talk about terrible service!

Today I ordered Ahmo's to be delivered to me at work. The delivery driver called before he got here and asked me to meet him on the street, instead of the usual coming into where I am. When I did meet him, he didn't have my credit card slip to sign, and insisted that I pay in cash, even though I gave  the credit card number over the phone. He put me on speaker phone, still refusing to come into the business, and had me talk to someone at Ahmo's to put my credit card through. Embarrassing, standing on the sidewalk, giving my credit card number again!
I called back later, to explain the situation and describe the bad service. The manager was not accommodating, instead telling me that he would "speak to the driver"
Twenty minutes later, the driver called me back to basically yell at me and demand to know why I hadn't left a tip and why I had called his manager. 

I think I won't be ordering Ahmo's again, which is a shame because their food is really good :-(
I love this place! They provide generous portions of healthy food, prepared briskly, and at student-friendly prices.

You can tell that Samir loves his work. The service is authentic and warm-hearted; he always leaves you feeling welcomed.

Once I came by to ask for a vegan lunch box for a long train trip the following day. Samir asked a few questions, and then assembled an off-menu collection of items, packed meticulously. And it was indeed delicious the next day.

As a Jewish person, I also appreciate that I'm not surrounded by anti-Israeli political propaganda when I come here, unlike some other places on the Ave.
I hate hate hate Habibi and regret ever going there. Choose Gypsy Cafe across the street every time! The waiter at Habibi told us they had "Lebanese beer" but it is actually non-alcoholic O'Doul's. He had the nerve to deny that he ever said it was Lebanese beer after we realized what we were drinking. And the hookah itself is much better at Gypsy, but both are overpriced. Sometimes, there is a minimum charge per person at both Habibi and Gypsy Cafe.
One of my favorite places to hang out.  The food is okay... not amazing, however the people are great.  Great staff and awesome rock shows.  If you're into music, this should be in your top 5 list of places to hang out.
OH MAN OH MAN, so I'm really picky sometimes, but one characteristic that comes with that is going to a place I like multiple times per week.  East side pockets is awesome, I really have never tried anything there that's bad.  There are times when a line forms, but it's no biggie because those boys can move fast. So what I have been getting is the Chicken Gyro Combo Wrap. I love it, it's only 7 bucks and it's just as filling as any sub, and probably better for you (some one may need to help me on that one). Interesting thing though, different guys make different wraps, I know....duh. Different hands make different art, but all in all it's never bad.  One nice thing is that if you put a buck in the tip jar, you get one of the little desserts they have next to the register, baklava type treats, wicked yum kid. So for the past 10 years approximately, at least since i was in high school, this place has been consistently excellent. 
Perfect meal: Chicken Gyro Combo Wrap (you can choose what to have, I choose not to have tomatoes or onions), 6 piece Falafel, (their Falafel is really good, which is not easy to come by in restaurants these days), and a blueberry/pomegranate Arizona Iced Tea
WOOT
Thursday Night- wanted to go out with a friend.
I never tried Hookah before and we decided to search for
a place nearby my work (Santa Monica). At first, we saw 
'the Gypsy Cafe' which was across the street; i was treated
pretty rudely and the atmosphere wasn't what i wanted my 
first hookah experience to be; so i said "lets go across the street
it looks a hell more fun!" We checked Yelp for reviews, and it seemed
better or much-less the same as where we were.

The reason why i am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 star
is because 1) i got the 'tuna melt' & it was amazing! 
Why i am taking 2 stars away is because:
1) Worst service in the WORLD! (took 20 min to leave!)
2) Bill was too high, i had to call a waiter to explain it to us
3) Hookah was cheap (my friend said) hurt our throat
4) Creepy old Arab men standing by counter in a line, just
'people watching'
5) Music was annoying, and nothing on TV's
6) Worst of all: I heard a worker tell the man who cleans the
tables & hookahs to "come here" and the man did not hear
the waiter, and so he said "hey, that table over there needs you"
and he made a face (prob. because the music was so loud!) 
& he said "THE BLACK GUYS" I was beside myself. I am mixed
but even if i wasn't that was so rude! & he was so loud, and said
it with the straightest face! My friend was like "did he really
just say that" WOW! 

Needless to say, we will find another hookah lounge! thanks
p.s.) we didn't tip at all! haha :)
Ok, I hope I don't offend anyone with this review, but I just wasn't a fan of the inhuman portions offered here. 

Food: Even as the complimentary appetizers were served, I knew I was in over my head. Sure, they give you the standard hummus and pita, but they also bring out a platter of pickles, a piece of raw tomato, a fourth of a raw onion, some jalapenos, and what I think was basil. What am I supposed to do with the raw tomato, onion, and basil??? We ordered an additional appetizer, the must o musir, a bowl of yogurt and diced shallots (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oKmKXq_HCri6F6C46g5EAQ?select=u9ZwQbnbyfL9Jl3Sl1KHXw). This I enjoyed; it heavily reminded me of my mom's interesting take on spinach dip. My entree came with barley soup (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oKmKXq_HCri6F6C46g5EAQ?select=H12ab60_JEx8hQZZ46rpow) which I liked for the high fiber content. It has this sort of minty aftertaste that was unsettling to me, though. I almost fainted when my abaloo polo entree arrived (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oKmKXq_HCri6F6C46g5EAQ?select=sgxFZUJ4-BCPyimaRXwLyw). This thing probably weighed more than a small child. The dish consists of grilled onions, tomatoes, and green peppers, grilled chicken chunks, and absolutely delicious saffron jasmine rice sprinkled with sour cherries. I found the veggies and chicken completely flavorless, but the rice was so delicious. Since I obviously had to take most of this home, I had an opportunity to eat it again the next day. The meat was still almost completely flavorless to me. 

Service: As Michael C. said, the service is " a bit lacking." 

Atmosphere: This place is usually pretty empty and has plenty of space for enormous groups. That said, I feel like their staff can't really handle huge crowds. Maybe they aren't used to those sorts of situations? The interior is quaint and subdued with plenty of carved wood. 

Synopsis: Even though the portions could feed a small country, I don't think it justifies the price. I nearly had to force feed myself the rest of my chicken chunks and rice for days after. Not pleasant if you don't absolutely love what you're eating. Perhaps this would be a good place for meatatarians to feed.
For me, Zankou Chicken is my comfort food.  I am fortunate enough to have three Zankou's within a 25 minute drive.

To date, I have had the shawerma, tarna, kabobs (beef and chicken), falafels, rotiserrie chicken,  muttabal (baba ganoush)...I can honestly I have never been disappointed.  There have been the odd times over the years when the falafels were a bit dry but for the most part, they are crispy on the outside and moist and amazing light and fluffy on the inside - and I've learned to eat them while they are hot as they change on me as soon as they get cold (even with a reheat).  Eating a falafel wrap on the premises can be quite gratifying.

I resonate with others that a single wrap is hardly filling for a big guy like myself.  But then, I just order two if I am going to make a meal.  On the other hand, I can no longer finish a large plate in one sitting anymore.

Its almost a Zankou cliche but the garlic sauce - it is noteworthy!  I love it and wish I had it as a regular condiment at home.  Just a wonderful blend or powerful garlic and a sharp tanginess (presume its lemon juice) - perfect with shawerma and tarna (and a cold one when I am eating at home).  The sauce appears like it might be very oily but it actually is quite light and does not drown anything.

The baba ganoush is not bad - I often take a small tub home to dip bread in.
Why so many Brown students choose to come here over Byblos or the Ivy Room for falafel is beyond me. I'm not a fan, but it's worth a try, because those who love it are fans for life!
5-Second Review:
Meat gets kind of dry, 10-15 minute wait for all kabob orders, THEY FORGOT MY GARLIC PASTE!!!

5-Minute Review:
I've eaten at Zankou many a time and have always thought that everything they prepared was slightly overcooked and dry. Tonight was no exception.

My buddy wanted to pick up something simple so we can watch the Packers/Saints game, so we stopped by Zankou to get something .. simple.

He got the lule kabob plate, I got the tri-tip kabob plate. We waited our 10-15 minutes as the sign warned us we would. The person that took our order was pretty nice, so at least it wasn't a pain to order.

The tri-tip meat tasted like.. meat. Nothing special. It did it's job. It was cooked protein. The hummus lacked the tahini kick to the face that I always look for, but it was good to spread on the pita and the kabob chunks I got..

The lule kabob was wayyyyy dry, had no taste, and honestly, felt and seemed disgusting.. I'm hoping it was a bad day, but stay away either way.

The rice was long-grained rice and each combo plate came with two pita.

I can't believe we left without making sure we had the garlic paste. That would have saved the lule kabobs and made my tri-tip chunks more entertaining, but alas, we got jipped.

At almost $12 per entree, I'd say Zankou is not quite a bargain buy. Granted, the serving sizes are decent, but knowing that I have Mediterranean Cafe and Chicken Maison as other places for quick and great alternatives, Zankou - you lose.

The place seems pretty clean and there is plenty of seating for the patrons there. I found street parking right in front of the shop. 

Would I be back? Probably not. So many better options at a cheaper offering out there.
Stopped by for lunch and ordered a gyro platter (which include a gryo on a pita, can of soda, fries)---and what a disappointment--left unsatisfied and hungry.

First the service took forever. The guys working there just took their jolly old (literally)  time. Second, the gyro was super plain and the sauce was too creamy which killed what little flavor the gyro actually had. The food portions were not the big as well. However, the fries were actually season well but for the extra $2.29 for the drink and fries, I think not.

If you are craving gyro in College Park, MD, go to Marathon Deli.
Falafel lovers in the Ann Arbor area, this is your place to rock out.  I can still remember the first time I was introduced to this terrific sandwich.  I was 13, and a bit skeptical.  But when that falafel and hummus hit your mouth, it's all over.  If I were to become vegetarian, I would only eat here and Raja Rani.  Jerusalem Gardens you've gone and made my brown eyes blue.
You must go here and buy a falafel. Best I had. They also make crazy good chicken Ceaser  salad and chicken buffalo wraps. Home made hummus with theyr chips equally delicious. For desert baklava awesome.  Are you getting the picture yet?  Go here.
Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because there isn't enough seating lol!!! I wanna sit and enjoy my good arse food lol new fav in Cali Fo sho
Pita pita!

I'm new to Mediterranean food, but this was delish. Lovely pita bread and pita chips, and friendly service. Soup could have been better, but I liked my dishes with the salad and meat. My friends also enjoyed their hummus. Mmm.

Pita Pita also had a good ambiance, with a painted mural and spacey seating.

We had to leave quickly, so not too much I can say about it anymore. But I'll definitely be back to try out more of it!
i'm a fan but i was kinda burnt out on chicken the day i went. and what do i order a roasted chicken wrap when i shoulda got the garden salad. 

i love the bismati rice, hummus, garlic spread and the whole chicken. the skin is crispy and really tasty. it's good affordable food but go to the one in glendale or burbank instead. the burbank location is very nice and they have outdoor seating.
The menu was great, the price was wonderful, the food was beyond comparison, but the only complaint I have about Zankou was it's staff. 

Being a first time customer, I definitely expected more of a "Is it your first time? Let me tell you about our best selling combination" but rather it was *rolling the eyes* "the one on that picture is not beef, its lamb". HOW IN THE WORLD WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT BY A 16 by 16 image? I never said I worked in the meat industry.

Not only did the employee at the cash register not explain what comes with the meal and what selections was possible, her face definitely screamed "I HATE MY JOB".

I should have got her name.

But other than that, the food was a lot better than Daphnes, the chicken was juicy and tender, and the authentic sauce and vegetables was unparalleled. I couldn't believe I got all that for just under 10.00 dollars!

Definitely a must try! But before you go, I advise you to either study the menu at home or be mentally prepared to deal with some disrespectful, ill-mannered twit.
worst armenian food ever..
if u want some bomb shawerma or grilled shish kebobs 
go east on colorado past allen and u will c a place called 
sahara.. its on hte south side ofthe street

any dish will blow u away.
the falafel plate is super bomb
the lula kebob plate is incredible.
lula is ground beef & lamb mix 
that shit is my favorite.

u notice im not mentioning zankou at all in my review
cos i boycott zankou 7 years ago..
i only drink a soda if i go there cos friends like going at times.. not me
as crappy as mcdonalds is,  theres one next door to zankou
i'd rather got there than zankou

ummm i guess u could say they have a good garlic sauce
everyone says that.. so i cant bang on that.. iguess.

anyway go check out sahara its better
What all those other 5 star-ers said:)
Kinda looks like a hole in the wall - I wouldn't have wanted to stay here and eat necessarily. Anyway, service was straight forward, and my falafel and baba ghanoush sandwich was a good size for the price ($5.75) though a little dry. Surprisingly not crowded at 12:15. Good variety for the area but not knock-off-my-socks.
Fresh,  cheap and delicious
hands down my favorite brunch spot. love it.
If there's a better falafel made in the MidWest, we have yet to find it.  But everything on the menu is wonderful. 

If we have one regret, it's that they've discontinued their meat pie, since it was under-ordered by their customers, primarily vegans.  But that's a small quibble.  The rest of their menu is excellent.
I went here for lunch on Saturday with my bf, and it was packed! Their menu written on the board above the counter isn't very descriptive, so I pulled up the online version from their website on my iPhone. I am currently on a Paleo diet (no gluten/dairy/soy/sugar/legumes), so a lot of the items were off limits. I got the chicken kebob salad with no cheese. We squeezed our way to the drink machine, and squeezed our way outside to their cluster of tables. Ugh, the salad was so fantastic. It was piping hot - almost burned my fingers pulling the meat off the skewers, and it was just so... so... juicy and good. I wish I worked near by so I could get this salad for lunch everyday; it was that good.
Hummus is a great place in University City for grab and go Mediterranean food. I've had better food other places, but it's a great alternative to the McDonald's next door and even some of the food in Fresh Grocer.

Like everyone else said, the place is a bit pricey for college students (especially compared to the neighboring food trucks), but the portions are huge.
This is our favorite lunch spot in C'mont.  We love the owners almost as much as their fantastic, yummy falafel.  The baba ghanouj, tabouleh and the roasted chicken are close seconds.  

Wish it were open now.
I used to come here about once a week! The plates portions are awesome usually constists of your choice of meat with a small salad, rice, beans, hummus and the BEST pita chips!! Friendly service!! Peeps here always give me free dessert :-D !!! Baklava rocks!!! Ps parking sucks
I'm very tempted to give it the 1 star I had originally given Stix because I was so heated about their high amounts of 5 stars.... but I went to Stix just so I can review it...with an open mind.

Atmosphere: 
Seems a little cold... but maybe it was because it was cold outside, but the metal plated walls and lack of "warmth" made me feel vulnerable, almost like when you're taking a shower and you leave your door open and you can't help but think what monster might come and stare at you. 
I suppose if it was filled with people, which it wasn't, it would be quite nice to be in...

Staff: 
The server girl was nice. The cooks kinda freaked me out. They were like truckers who couldn't keep on trucking and thought to settle down. Reminds me of Boy Meets World where Shawn was talking about grilling stuff on the engine of their truck (the food here didn't taste like that haha). Anyways, they seemed alright.

Food:
Ah, the most important part. I had the spinach salad and beefy kabobbies. The spinach salad was pretty good. It had nuts and dried berries of such and goat cheese.... or is it feta? jeez I don't know my cheese, but it was a nice blend. The tastes complemented each other well.

The Kabobs were good. There were veggies, but those are expendable in the world of meat. The beef was slightly tough, which made me wonder if they HAVE to make it well done in case we get a tummy ache.... WHICH I DID DAMMIT, but it mightn't been cuz of Stix. We'll find out when I go again. Anyways, the flavor of the meat was good, nice and succulent... but a little dry cuz of its cookedness.


Summary: Eh, I'll try it again and see how it goes. If i get a tummy ache again or die or something, I probably won't go again. 
I don't see why they had to make so many fake reviews when their real reviews would've been alright, assuming those are fake reviews...
last week i hit up the middle east to watch a friend play a show.. good venue, decent bar and ample room.  can't complain.. i've seen numerous shows and have always had a good time there.. 

my gf also does belly dance shows there so i gotta show them some love.
Not sure why all the hate for Amir's- I just tried it for the first time the other day, and I have to say it supersedes Maoz in my opinion. The lentil/protein combo entree is really good and healthy- lentils and rice, with grilled chicken atop a fresh salad. $9. It's one of the better options for a cheap, hearty lunch near Columbia.
OMG. This place rocks my socks. The chicken shawerma plate is amazing. Juicy shreds of well-marinated chicken over a bed of warm, fluffy rice.  Accompanied by handmade hummus, crisp and refreshing greek salad and warm pita. They also give you this mini cup of mouth watering garlic spread. Dear Lord, I could just eat that all day. The owner is basically a genie.  You say what you want and it appears. Cheap, fast and sooooooooooooooooooooo good. Oh, also, their tabouleh is perfectly seasoned. Everyone, please go here.
A little pricier than I'm used, but what you get back in portions and taste is worth it... it's become a special treat everytime I get to go. 

I strongly recommend the Barg: tender cuts of filet mignon with basmati rice... soooooo freakin good, my mouth is watering just writing about it.
Double meat, no onion Gyros from here got me through my undergrad at University of Washington.

There were plenty of places near campus to get a gyro but none were as good as this.  It was the seasoned meat, the generous portions and the great sauce that makes them stand out.

I love that they always remembered me and what my order was.  I do not think they knew my name, I certainly never knew theirs.  Whenever I am in Seattle this is one of the places I love to eat.
I went with 3 friends based on a recommendation and couldn't be more stoked about this new find.  FaLaLa lived up to its billing of making "the best pita in the country".  We got to sample some free, delicious pita chips at the counter- sweet and savory respectively but both great!

Between us we had a falafel pita, and 3 of the beef sandwiches.  One of my friends was stoked that they have a gluten-free option of pita as well - she usually has to eat different foods from the rest of us.

The Beef was incredible - you could taste the quality of the meat itself as well as the care that had been taken to preparing it - subtle but it left me craving more with each bite.  

The falafel was really good and on a side note - had incredible color - a very dark outside and bright green inside.

I loved the salad bar - wonderful authentic middle-eastern salad and as much tahini as I could handle.  The various pickled sides were great - and full of flavor.

We got a side of fries that were reminiscent of In-n-Out flavor but cut thicker and clearly more fresh.  My friends didn't want to try the spicy ketchup but I'm left wondering...

I feel strongly that this restaurant is a class above many of the others in the area which are more about giving you too much food and less about giving you quality of taste and ingredients that leave you feeling healthy afterward.

It's true that the hand-made signs and pieced-together menu on the wall are evidence that this restaurant is just figuring itself out.  Don't let the ambiance fool you -- the food is a unique dining experience and deserves to be taken seriously.

I think it's a matter of time before people realize that they can get top-notch food for the same price and the lines start pouring out the doors.  I know I'm gonna try to hit this place up as much as I can while it's still a diamond in the rough.
Zankou has always been a part of my life. I've been eating here ever since I can remember. I always get the Chicken Tarna wrap and load it with their awesome garlic sauce. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. I took my friend here for the first time a couple of months ago and he absolutely loved it.
I wasn't a fan of falafel until I tried the falafel sandwich at Sunrise Deli. It is delicious and the falafel are crispier here than I've had. The sandwiches and small combo plates are reasonably priced with big enough portions.

We used them for catering at work and everything we ordered was delicious.
I worked there in 1996. I cannot believe it has been here all these years! Since back in the days, when it was really the center of 1960s Harvard Square - the poetry, the activism, the rebellion. This place has an amazing history.
You pay for the amazing interior, shipped from Syria, which lends an incomparable interior like nothing I have seen anywhere but at famous places such as Al-Feshawi in Cairo.
Owned by a Palestinian Christian man named Emile. 
A very special place.

A few insider recommendations:
-if you want to save money but eat your fill, split the "combination plate" with a friend. 
-The sandwiches with sumac are great
-I used to really like the strawberry frappe
-The pecan pie or cheesecake are pleasant to split with someone - very sweet (the chocolate is very heavy and nothing special)

A few notes: 
-Do not expect quick service - this is one of the slower places you will eat. This was a hard place to get food to customers quickly, trust me, I know.
-Not the best place for cappucinos, as the waitresses can often be too rushed to make your coffee that well. Sometimes the Arabic coffee is pretty good. Great tea selection however, and the frappes are very tasty. 

I would go there to:
-Study with a cup of tea
-Get frappes and chat with an old friend
-Eat a proper mujeddara or mergueza with well-carmelized onions
Come on people, it's the Pita Pit. It's fast food. If you want real Mediterranean food, you go to Med Deli. If you want a quick lunch that isn't going to ruin your diet, you go here. It's also open late and is my default place to eat if I'm on Franklin Street at night.

That said, this particular location needs to remove the glass panel where you get ingredients, because nobody can hear you behind it.
I tried out Ed's for the first time last night after hearing they had vegan pizza.  I got the "Drexel Vegan," which has mushrooms and red onions.  It was not bad!  The soy cheese is very creamy.  I would have preferred a slightly higher sauce-to-cheese ratio, and better but fewer mushrooms (these were definitely from a can, and there was a ton of them), but we vegans can't afford to be as picky as our regular-pizza-eating counterparts.  

As for atmosphere, it's a typical grungy pizza joint with flies buzzing around (it was a warm night so they had the front door propped open,  but I have a feeling the flies are there even when the door's closed).  They do have an enormous flat screen tv, for whatever that's worth.  The employees are very pleasant.  I'm something of a germaphobe, so I wouldn't have gone in if I hadn't known about the vegan pizza, but again, vegans sometimes can't afford to be very choosy.  

My favorite aspect of the decor is the big sign in the bathroom that says "Please do not throw tissue in the toilet.  Please use wastebasket. We will check!"  I love the final threat.  So ominous... but what do they mean?? I have so many questions: Do they really go into the bathroom after each customer to check that the paper products have been properly disposed of?  How do they check?  And what happens if you violate the rule?  Public humiliation?  And what do they mean by "tissue" exactly?  I hope they don't actually want you to throw your used toilet paper in the trash rather than flushing it, because that's pretty gross.

To those who have complained about the credit card minimum:  be considerate!  Credit card companies charge the seller a fee with each transaction.  It's hard enough for small businesses to turn a decent profit without having to fork over a percentage of the cost of your $3 purchase.  Having a minimum for credit card purchases helps small businesses like Ed's to keep prices reasonable for customers.   So use your Visa at CVS and the Gap, where they can definitely afford to take the hit, and save your cash to support local business owners.
Ok, I know most people's go to drunk food is not hummus, but it is mine.  So what a delight to have one of the most delicious hummus wraps I've ever had after leaving Charlie's Beer Garden at 2 am.  I've done this twice so far.  

It could be the booze talking, but it's seriously some of the best hummus I've ever had and it's cheap.  This is the drunk food of dreams.  It's probably pretty good if you're sober too.
This place rocks! There's always a long line, but it moves quick. The food is excellent and a welcome change from all the other bad fast food options at the Stamp.
The chicken is very crispy and good!
Hummus is definitely my favorite middle-eastern sandwich shop in Philly. 

Every time I've been there I've ordered the Sabich... because not many other falafel places in the states even serve it. The eggplant is fried, but still light, and the eggs are hard boiled to perfection. It's awesome. I order it with tomatoes (I'm weird about cucumbers) and harif (hot sauce) which is extreeeeemely hot. Be careful if you're not a fan of spicy food but you want to try the harif, just order a little bit. 

The fries are decent and fresh, except sometimes they take a little while... which I suppose is worth it as the potato soaks up some of the heat from the harif. The pita is as fresh as can be, and I believe that you can order whole wheat pita! A healthful plus.

If you like middle-eastern food (for relatively cheap) give it a try. They definitely have an option for everyone.

My one point of contempt is the chairs. The tables are fine, but I actually hate the lightweight metal chairs which are cold and make horrible noises when dragged against the floor... I fully realize this is ridiculous, but I had to say it.
Falafel was pretty good. Prices are high and the staff are jerks.
I used to make some pretty big catering orders from Cedars as well as dining in. Ultimately, I didn't care for the blandness of their food and was disturbed by how the management (owners?) mistreat their employees. There are other places more deserving of my money and appetite.
Lamb shawarma time (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J27yz2L8PoubYmfi_DWrSA?select=YnNCrPsT_s70anPdynkl5A) I always forget that this comes in a pita and only their Falafel Deluxe comes standard in lavash. DOH!

Tip: Lettuce in a hot sandwich get's wilty . . . I just don't get the appeal. You can sub it out for delicious pickled cabbage which maintains it crunch under pressure (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J27yz2L8PoubYmfi_DWrSA?select=MojM73a_w5FPN6PlbOpagg). You're welcome! :)
OK, we don't have this thing called "Zankou Chicken" down in Long Beach, so now that I've been back up in Pasadena a few days here and there for work and finally figured out where this place is, I had to check it out. 

My conclusion is that it certainly lives up to the hype and is every bit as good as everyone says it is. Reading the reviews months ago, I thought to myself, what's the big deal about chicken and garlic sauce, lots of Mediterranean places have that. But I have to say that it is pretty damn good here. The person behind the counter was very helpful when I explained it was my first time and that I wanted to try the things they are known best for. I got 2 different chicken wraps, and both were very flavorful. I thought it kicked the ass of Mediterranean Grill, personally. Now I'm mad that all this time my student assistant has been getting me takeout from El Pollo Loco (I've never gotten to know the area very well and that was what she suggested, and I never argued since I didn't know anything else) when I could have been getting food from here instead. Next time I want to make sure to try the beef schwarma and the falafel to see how those measure up. While I was waiting for my food (I didn't have to wait long), I enjoyed reading the press on the wall about the success of this family-owned business. 

Sad conclusion to this story: I walked out of Zankou, food in hand, got back in my car, only a couple blocks from work... only to realize that this morning, I must have been more focused on my pending trip to Zankou than going to work because... I forgot my work keys! So I had to drive all the way back to Long Beach and get my keys, and drive back. Thank goodness I had my Zankou wraps to eat on the way, and thank goodness that the Jim Rome podcast is 3 hours long. Those are 2 hours I'll never have back, but hey. At least I finally tried Zankou Chicken.
Bella Pita is bomb! 

I've been there twice so far and I definitely plan on going back again soon. I've tried the chicken wowshi, burger wowshi, and merguez wowshi, all great! 

I LOVE that you can pack as much tomato/parsley/cucumber salad, pickled veggies, hummus, white sauce, spicy sauce, and red onions as you can into your pita. So many flavors and textures - it's amazing!

Quick Tip: Put sauces on both the bottom and the top (maybe the middle too), because there's so much goodness packed into the pita that the sauces can't seep down. 

Definitely going back to try everything. Got the fries too - pretty good. Fresh made! Yum. So full after eating. Such great bang for your buck!
super small, friggin' cheap, really efficient --no frills just delicious chicken shwarma and garlic spread that hits the spot on a sunny afternoon. 

also, try the hummus my friend won't stop yapping about it: "hummus.. mmm.. hummus.. ahhhh.. hummus nom nom nom" what a hummus monster. 

it's all about the chicken shwarma for me. definitely recommend it a light lunch...easy peasy... pick it up, go back to work and commence getting jealous glares from coworkers.
Super cheap super fast food.  Outdoor seating is great for people watching and for enjoying the weather.  The food is great for a super cheap super fast food place, but not good if you're expecting something gourmet.

You walk in, stare up at the menu, and order your wrap / plate while the guy assembles it in front of you a la Subway style. They have a ton of toppings, and I usually get everything expect hot sauce but with extra yogurt. My favorites so far are the chicken plate (HUGE) and the gyro wrap. 

Definitely make a stop if you're in the mood for a pita wrap or need to find a place for a quick lunch.  It's also opened super late, but then it's full of drunk college kids.
If you've been seeking out cozy spots for the winter months, Algiers is a good one.  I had walked by it for months then finally visited for the first time when my husband and I walking around Harvard Sq. It was perfect for a late lunch/snack.  I loved my Vienese coffee and we split a hummus plate and got feta cheese salads - all very good and fresh. We plan to head back for dinner soon.
Zankou Chicken is renowned by notable newspapers but my experience fell short of what LA Times call "no better chicken anywhere".

I ordered a chicken tarna plate which came with slices of grilled chicken topped with garlic sauce and pita bread. The chicken was SUPER dry and bits were burnt. The quality of the food was poor, but what was harder to swallow was the price. My combo was $11.75 after tax. In this economy, will you pay $12 for pieces of grilled chicken and pita bread?? The meals give you large portions of food, but it's nothing exquisite enough to charge that high of a price. I defintely recommend coming with a couple of friends to share.
Zankou Chicken is famous for its chicken.  I haven't had it in a while.  I do recall that it was very tender and the garlic sauce was delicious.

Chicken is what I should have ordered, but I ordered the falafel, which came a pair inside some type of sauce, which made the falafel salty.  The hummus was good $3.99 and so was the taboule.  Service was unwelcoming.
This is my favorite place to stop in for some very cheap take-out.  For a whopping $4.25, you can get a delightful vegetarian falafel sandwich in about five minutes.   I always ask the friendly guy behind the counter to spice up my falafel with hot sauce (which I definitely recommend supplementing with a bottle of water).  I have never tried anything else besides the falafel, but the place is always hopping so I'll bet that the rest of the menu is pretty tasty.  Definitely stop by if you're in Central Square.  I don't know anywhere else in the city where you'll find a better deal!
Rib off ,,,, Watch out they will take your money,,, I can't believe they charged us 40 dollars for only two soft drinks. We will never go back to this place again. There are for sure steeling from people and serving Alcohol to under age kids. The music was nice and Hookah was Ok.. but the way they are taking money from people like that is not acceptable... Never go back there again.
I often forget about how much I like this small restaurant chain. The chicken and beef plates, whether in whole form or sliced form, are always home runs in my book. The portions are very generous, so meals are extremely filling. I sometimes come here with a friend and we share one chicken tarna plate. Consequently, it's a very affordable meal.

This Pasadena location looks kind of depressing from the outside, but inside it's well lit and clean, and the staff is friendly and willing to give you samples.

Sometimes they don't automatically include the garlic spread with your plate, so make sure you ask them for it.
Excellent middle eastern food at very reasonable prices. Its on University Ave, and looks like a hole from the outside, but there is a small dinning room inside, and the place is clean. 

Not sure what to say other than YUM. I have tried the falafel sandwich, the gyros, their chicken shwarma, their french fries, and all were delicious. The falafel bread is fresh, their veggies are all crisp, and all the spices are right on target. 

Did I say reasonable prices? Forget that, this place is CHEAP. A huge gyros sandwich was less than $6. 

Another benefit to this place is that they are open until 1:30am. I'm sure this is primarily to serve the drunken UW kids, but still nice to know if you get the late night stomach grumbles.....or you happen to be a drunken UW kid. 

Try some carry out from this place, you won't regret it.
I found out about Istanbul Bar and Grill through Google Offers Houston. At the time I was still back home, but intensely aware of the need to eat on Saturday nights as a starving college kid, so I decided to buy a certificate. At worst, it would fill an empty stomach.

Having low expectations never hurt, but no need for reservations (of either sort). When Houston's weather cools down, I'm certain splitting a plate of Adana kebab under their front patio would be delightful. Portions are relatively large. I went with two girl friends; they split an entree (rice, kebab, red cabbage salad) and I had a gyro sandwich for myself (because I am a fat foodie). In the end, we decided that, in order to get to the $20 mark required to use my Google Offers certificate, we would order a baked rice pudding. My first time having rice pudding (embarrassment for a foodie)--I'm glad I did it here.

Don't hesitate to drop by and try some of their food. The soft pita is freckled with light sesame and accompanied by an olive oil-based dip. I asked the waiter how to say "thank you" in Turkish, but he told me he was Mexican and taught me how to say "gracias." Well, I knew that one...
naveen's totally on the button with this one. 

i was wandering through westwood, mentally running through all of my digestive opportunities and i was suddenly hit with a strong need for shawarma. of course i hit up the FK which ended up being a huge FKing mistake.

i used to be addicted to those fried potatoes like crack since one of my first visits to LA before moving here. my friend took me to the promenade locale. i used to dream about those greasy potato discs, freezing my ass off back in beantown. 

today, i got to the place around 6ish, which seems like a regular dinner hour-- no need for stale, chewy fried potatoes that i could hardly get down, lackluster hummus that was too tahini-ey, and dried out strips of chicken. 

le sigh. it was downright depressing. give me eat a pita or pita kitchen or gaby's any day (by the way... don't confuse gabby's in MDR with gabby's on venice).
Cafe Barada is 10x better than this place.
Ali Baba is a really solid place to get food. The only thing keeping it from being worth four stars is one of my biggest restaurant annoyances, which is inconsistent hours. They have a sign on their door that says they close the kitchen 45 minutes before closing time. This is more or less true, but they don't follow it closely. If you call them at any time past 8:45, you have about a 50% chance of getting food. They also claim to be open until 11 on weekends but I've never been able to get service after about 9:15, just like on weekdays. This one thing I find unforgivable when it comes to running a business. If you want to close at a certain time, say that you're closing at a certain time. Don't just tell me that you're closed when I walk into your restaurant and it says you're open.

It's worth mentioning that Ali Baba is also extremely clean, which is a huge plus for me. The decor is quaint, but nothing special.

Everything else is unremarkable, but good. Their beef durum is quite good, and it's pretty hard stuff to find in the states. They have an awesome wood-fired oven that they make bread and pizza in. I had the chicken shish one time and was quite underwhelmed-- crunchy rice and underseasoned chicken. So the menu is a bit hit or miss, but if you know what to order you can get some delicious food for a really good price.
The garlic sauce! The garlic sauce. Did I mention the garlic sauce??? OMG, is it so delicious and addictive that they must put some sort of illegal substance in it. One time, I begged them for the receipe, but they wouldn't break. Ok, let me get back to the main discussion,,,the garlic sauce...oops, I mean the overall review. 

Zankou Chicken is the best! The chicken is always cooked perfectly. I love taking a piece of the pita and shoving a little bit of that yummy chicken inside it. Then, before I take a bite, I pick up my garlic sauce, and dip my pita-chicken-roll into the sauce, and then take my bite. I do this for each bite, because that garlic sauce is so damn good. 

The sides: The hummus is so tasty. I think that it is one of the best that I have ever had. The other side consists of tomatoes and pickeled turnips. I'll be honest, that in the past, the purple turnips were so electric purple that I never wanted to try it. I finally broke down and tried it and could kick myself for not trying it sooner. It actually is really good. 

Bottom line - you have to try Zankou chicken. All the great things that you have heard about this place is true!
Sphinx has great decor and a very cool atmosphere.  Everything else here sucks.  Absolutely &#*%#@ sucks.

Usually hookah places have a minimum spending limit, or a per person surcharge.  Sphinx has both which adds insult to injury when you can tell that this extra cash does not go towards the tobacco quality.

The cafe's offerings are the ramen noodles of Mu'assel.  There's hardly any molasses/flavoring and everything tastes ashy within 10-15 minutes.  Terrible stuff.  In order to mask the low rent tobacco you can select from variety of juices to put in the base in place of water.  Of course, there is a surcharge on juice.  Quelle suprise.

My friends raved about this place but I am absolutely convinced that it is a great spot for people who've never been to the middle east or spent a lot of time smoking with Middle Eastern people. (I'm a hookah snob. I can admit it.)

Long story short my single trip here 2 years ago was so awful that after seeing Sphinx Cafe pop up in a Yelp search I was compelled to detail how horrendous this place is. No one deserves a low rent hookah experience because shisha is awesome. :)
went on a friday night for solid.  it was some quality indie/hipster dance music.  the djs were great and the crowd was bunches of fun.  very diverse crowd as well, which was really nice.  small space though.  i'd totally go again.
When I use to live on 42nd and 8th,  I use to walk by Samir's. I would occasionally stop by for a quick gyro ( soooooooooooooo yummy!!!). It was the best damn thing since sandwiches! His yogurt sauce is amazing, and everything else he serves. Samir and his employees are friendly and fast! I use to say good morning to him a lot when i was headed to school and would stop by the window for a quick lunch. 

Thanks Samir! :) I owe you a visit soon!!!
Since there are 350+ reviews, I'll keep it short: go with the plate- chicken tarna or beef shwarma- both so delicious. If you're feeling like you don't want to feel fat after the meal, get their rotisserie chicken- I've only had chicken like this at El Pollo Unico on Lake and Papa Cristo's in K-Town 

I don't have anything against Mediterranean Cafe, except their chicken tarna is not as tender and that they don't have pickled radishes like Zee Zankou.

Ask for extra pickled radish + pita bread because it is a giant pile of meat. 

Also, you WILL be ztinky after the meal, so beware.
In the mood for quick fast Mediterranean then this is your place! Yummy falafel, salads, jedra, baklava and of course the wraps! Super yummy!  When I used to live around the corner from this little piece of heaven I totally needed an intervention! For my waists sake, I've since moved.
I give this place a triple A:

A for cleanliness. 
A for good & tasty food and good value. 
A for efficiency.

Definitely a 4.5 to 4.75 star rating! 

And not to mention, convenient location where parking for couple of hours is provided for free.  And the father & son ( I can only assume) who work the counter may not win a personality contest, but they are polite and nice enough. What else could you ask for???  

I usually order the beef or lamb kabob plate and, I can't complain. For $8, you'll get some salad, hummus, rice, 2 skewers of kabobs, a pita bread and small container of garlic and hot sauce. No need to ask, your package comes with a napkin, a fork and a knife! Just grab your bag/container of food, find a place to seat or take it home and chow! If there's no line and you know exactly what to order, you'll be out of there in 3 minutes! Seriously, this place got their operations down! If they brand themselves, they could be as successful as McDonalds because of their proven operational system. 

The food is very tasty. Both the beef and lamb are tender and seasoned well.. it is not overpowering nor lacking in flavor; better described as balanced seasoning. The hummus is creamy and not too garlicky either which I love. The salad is not bad... not drenched in dressing. The garlic sauce is very good as well.. I enjoy some of it with the hot smoky pasty sauce they provide. Again, overall, this place serve good, quality food - fresh, tasty and overall a good value. 

I've been coming here for 10+ years since I've live and work in Pasadena and for this long and they've managed to maintain that same quality of food and store cleanliness. This is what you call reliable and CONSISTENT. Many food establishments lack this trait.. unfortunately. Would-be food entrepreneurs can learn from this place.... Keep it clean, efficient and consistent in value and food quality! Then, you'll have customers like me who will keep coming back and choose you among other food place establishments. 

I must warn you foodies that this place gets busy during lunch hours from 12 to 1:30 to 2pm. From what I recall, they are open only till 7pm and closes mid afternoon on Saturdays. They really are just open 8-9 hours during the weekdays. This shows to tell you that these guys are doing well to be open only for 9 hours tops for 5 days and half a day on a weekend.
The Megan falafel is one of my favorite sandwiches of all time. Falafel, garlic, french fries and hot sauce. Sounds weird but IS AMAZING. Again I say it... AMAZING. You need to go there, order this sandwich and love it! 

I think I had other things there before Megan Falafel came into my life, but I don't remember them.
When I got my lamb pita (or wowshi, seriously is that supposed to be a pun or am i missing something?) Based on the amount of food i'd just received for 6 dollars, I was determined not to give Bella Pita 5 stars. But really, it was so good I couldn't help myself. They make a fine pita. The lamb was wonderfully spiced and the texture of the pita was soft and wonderful. I totally dig their little salad condiment bar because a machine that spits hummus is both gross and awesome. 

Really it's like a hummus keg, what a country.

The fries were good and i made a trifecta of saucy joy made up of humus, tzaki, and tahini sauce that made them all the better.

And at the end of the meal, despite how small my pita seemed I was quite full earning them that 5th star. Now if only it wasn't so damn hot in there..
Awesome... Literally can't say enough good things about this place..perfect for a quick meal.. And I always hear the same from everyone I talk to..A+
Few restaurants can make me dream of their food night after night. To say that I crave Zankou chicken all the time is like saying a pothead craves weed...
Bottomline: chicken is amazing, but that GARLIC SAUCE just drives me crazy. Just like Guy Fieri always says, you could dip your flip flops in it and they'll taste good. 

Not a big fan of the falafel and shish kebab here. They're not horrible, but I've had better. It's cool though, I only come for their chicken and garlic sauce anyway. =)
I just rediscovered this place 5 days ago and have already been twice. Both times I  had a pita sandwich and both were delicious. The falafel aren't the greatest I've ever had but the humus, tabouli, and sauces are amazing.

They definitely aren't afraid of garlic, lemon juice or parsley, which gives their sandwiches some very intense flavors. The olive oil was really good, full of olive flavor instead of the crap you get that tastes like funny vegetable oil. My only complaint was that my falafel sandwich today had so much hummus, lemon juice, and olive oil that I had a hard time not making a mess. The food was well worth the embarrassment of eating a sandwich like a starving cave person. I could have avoided doing so if I had picked up a fork, and you know had any will power and if the sandwich wasn't so damn good.

A sandwich by itself will set you back $4-5. Adding a drink and a side ups that to $7-8. The sandwich alone is enough for a regular appetite. If I go when I'm really hungry though I definitely need the side. The hummus is some of the best I've ever had, and has a little less tahini than most. For me that's a good thing but try it yourself. It seems to me that everyone has their own opinion of what good hummus tastes like. In my opinion La Pita's is just about perfect.
Another one of my favorite brunch places in the Boston area. Brookline Lunch has a GREAT value and AWESOME omelettes.

I'm usually a french toast/ pancakes type of brunch gal, but Brookline Lunch has opened up my eyes to another realm of brunch: omelettes. They have such a huge variety - seriously, don't order anything else as you will be disappointed. Omelettes are their specialty, and they are their own unique little creation (see pics).

I love that this is a tiny little tucked away restaurant, in the heart of Central Square but easily missed if you're not looking for it. It has a great casual atmosphere and seems to be a family run business. Every time I've been there, it's been the same woman serving EVERY single table - I'm always amazed at how she serves so many tables yet keeps her cheery demeanor! However as it's a small little business, I have made plans to come here before only to find that they've closed for the day (this is a holiday, it's like on an average Saturday).

POSITIVES:
- Get the omelettes!! I usually don't like omelettes, but I love Brookline Lunch's!
- Relaxed & friendly atmosphere. Cute, tucked away little restaurant.
- Incredibly good value. All omelettes are under $6 or so. I treated like six people to brunch here and it barely made a dent in my wallet.

NEGATIVES:
- As it's a small (family owned I'm guessing?) business, I've come here only to find that they've randomly closed. It's in Central Square - plenty of other places to go.
Do not go to this place. It is a rip-off!  This place should be shut down! 

I went to this horrible place last night and it was truly horrible! At first sight, it appeared to be fun and welcoming. The hostess took us right in and sat us down. She also said there was no minimum cover charge or purchase.

The annoying and pushy waiter came out and asked if I wanted to order 3 hookahs... What the heck? Who hookahs that much? Then he asked if I wanted a special bowl for the hookah... Who wants a special bowl? I just went to get a regular hookah. He claimed some juice would go into the hookah and give it more flavor. Okkkkk then just pour some apple juice into the tobacco or something! Anyways... 

The waiter took our drink order first. We all wanted water... He didn't tell us that the water was bottled (probably tap water) water. So he charged us $2.50 for each water. He said there was one drink minimum. How lame! The hostess told us there was no minimum. They were cheats!!!

My friends and I didn't order any food because we had already eaten. So, the waiter kept pushing and saying we didn't order enough. He asked me what I was going to do, since I ordered only 1 hookah. I told him I was going to talk with my friends. What I should have said was, "I am going to get out of this crappy place!" My friends and I still stayed, unfortunately.  

In the end, we paid $50.45 for one dumb hookah and 6 bottled waters. I think that a 24 pack of water at Ralphs is $3.99. Also, we had to pay in cash as it was their policy. But, there was no sign saying "Cash only."
If you're looking for lebanese, this is THE place to be.  It gets hella crowded on weekends, so watch out.  They have kibbeh nayeh (however you spell that) which rarely comes by anywhere else... You must order a day in advance!

 -1 and 1/2 star for the dude who would not bring me my mint tea.
 +1/2 for the cool photographs of the lebanon.

Service should get better cuz my friend just got a job there. Hee.
I can not get enough Krazi Kebob! Move over Chipotle and Qdoba!

Since I moved to College Park, Krazi Kebob is the only eatery in the area that I find myself wanting to go back to. (Food quality seems to be a forgotten concept in CP.)  And not only are the Naan Wraps delicious, but the atmosphere is also warm, cheerful, and inviting. (Seriously, though, the walls are not a filth-smudged white.)

Fresh naan bread made to order with each Naan Wrap, cilantro-lime rice, chick peas, black beans, grilled onions and peppers, seasoned meats (paneer for vegetarians), pico de gallo, corn salsa, spicy chopped salad, and a variety of sweet and spicy Indian sauces - the combination of these elements creates a euphoric taste explosion.  What can I say? I'm in love.

(Clearly, the Naan Wrap is the way to go here, although they do offer regular burritos, quesadillas, nachos, and other goods. And if you're looking for traditional kebob, you're in the wrong place.)
We have been patrons of Heidar Baba for several years. In December we ordered food for a private party for 10 and it was a great success as well as affordable. Our family loves Persian food and if I had to critique it I would say the rose ice cream could be brighter in color and flavor and would love to see more vegetarian stews but that is being picky. We frequent the place probably monthly and love it.
Casablanca is a new Middle Eastern restaurant that has recently opened on U of I Campus. There are so many different ethnic restaurants to choose from on Green Street: Mexican, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Indian, and American. I was excited to see a Middle Eastern restaurant added on our diverse plate. 

Casablanca is a kabob house, offering many different varieties of kebabs from the Middle East. Meat eaters and vegetarians are all welcome. The menu features dishes with variety of spices in categories of vegetarian, chicken, lamb, beef, goat, shrimp, and a variety of fish entrees. In addition, each entree comes with rice.  

More importantly, you can't forget the irresistible Indian bread, naan. Naan is an oven-bakes flatbread that generally resembles a pita bread. The price of naan ranges from $2.99 to $5, which isn't too bad. However, as a hungry-poor-college-kid-in-love-with-ethnic-cuisine, I wish they gave you a little bit more naan. It's always fun to dip the fluffy bread into the curry and eat it. 

My boyfriend and I ordered the lamb vendaloo (spicy curry with lamb and potatoes) and casablanca chicken masala. The casablanca chicken masala was the dinner special which was $7.99. However, the other entrees priced around $12.99 or more. 

I'm not very familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine, but I have grown to enjoy it. However, I thought the sauce on both entrees tasted the same, except the Chicken Masala had more vegetables added to it. It was good, but basically we had the same entree. I recommend ordering a kabob and a curry entree if you go with another person. Also don't forget the naan. :) 

Overall, the service was good and the food was good.
You can only rationalize this guy's behavior for a visit or two. Here you will find the rudest, crudest crustacean of a human being to set foot in the city. This scumbag treats people like garbage. The food is good, however.
Very small and I got charged for not even taking a hit of the hookah, WTF!? Did I pay? Nope but w/o my knowledge till now I found out that the person I went with covered for me. I owe them big time. They do serve beer, watered down Miller Lite. Ugh I hate that stuff and I loathe it even more it tasted like cider IMO
The company was good and the belly dancing was incredible
Came here with my fiance and my little dog for lunch today and I loved the food and lightening fast service! I don't know another fast food place that has service any faster, that actually taste this good! Just like another yelper had mentioned, your food is already ready before you paid for your meal! This place is a fast food place with plastic chairs inside and out (we sat outside so that we could eat w/ our dog). 

I ordered a large greek salad and it was delicious, but wished there was less salad dressing. This came with a nice big warm pita.

My fiance ordered the lamb kebob combination plate that came with hummus, rice, salad, garlic paste, some kind of red spicy sauce and a nice warm pita bread. The lamb was beautifully seasoned and very good. 

I would definitely come back if I am ever in the area.
Very vegetarian friendly. Fast convenient service. Open lat on Thursday and Fridays.
Mosaic has always been my favorite for Mediterranean or Middle Eastern food in college park, and a great place to take friends when we wanted to smoke shisha out. I've even hosted my last two birthday dinners there. The one issue I have is the service. 

The owner and his staff are very friendly, unless and until you don't buy what they consider to be enough food for your party. We literally went there once a week all school year, and when we'd come in with 5 or 6 people occasionally and only 4 would order food, we got serious attitude. Just didnt seem right to offend regular customers that way. Still, 95% of the time, the service is great. 

Now, here's the big AWESOME news: Mosaic is opening a Buffet starting this week, 8.95 for lunch on weekdays, with all there usual delicious menu items. SO excited. 
And, management realized "college students are tight on money". THANK YOU. Yes, we are. So, Mosaic has lowered their prices, including the price for shisha, which is now only $10! It's good shisha, too, and the hookahs are all very clean.
Good/Great food
Reasonable pricing.
Friendly/knowledgeable service.

I found this place as I was heading to LA Tequiza one day, and since i've found it, I havent been back to tequiza.

I recommend the Chicken Swharma / Falafel / Hummus / Tabooli.
Take it from a kid wuth Greek heritage, that this is some of the best around.
Had the lamb pita wrap.  Goodness.  :)
Absolutely deplorable.  My order was over 90 minutes late, the food was cold when it arrived, and the host was incredibly rude when I called to check on the order.   The food isn't remotely good enough to consider giving this place a second chance.  If you're ordering take out...be sure to skip pass this place.  You'd be better off cooking yourself.
Love this place!!!!!!!! The food is sooo fresh and staff very helpful. Probably the best bread in the city, full of flavor and baked in the oven hot. The yogurt (lebni) is homemade and absolutely divine. I have had hummus all over town, don't always review them tho, and this is by far one of the best I have ever tasted. The lamb is very good and the chicken doner (?). I love their salads and rice.. let's just say I have had almost everything here and have yet to be disappointed. BTW, baklava is delicious, next best thing to getting from Turkey!
The Middle East and Zuzu are actually three different clubs, and a restaurant. The restaurant serves delicious Middle Eastern fare - my favorite is the pumpkin kibby. The staff are mostly local rockers, and the service is a mixed bag, though it's worse on busy nights. No matter, I love that local artists display on the walls here and the booths are a who's who of the local music scene. The Middle East Upstairs is generally host to local bands and smaller-draw touring acts. The sound isn't always great, but there isn't a bad seat in the house. The Downstairs is a much bigger room, with several bars, and generally good sound - host to big-deal local acts and plenty of cool touring bands. Zuzu is a small, crowded little room that used to be a great place to hear music for free, but they've started charging a small cover on some nights. Oh! And the Corner has LIVE BELLY DANCING - how great is that?
I came in here with a friend before reviewing a show at The Middle East to grab a quick drink. It was really crowded in here and people were waiting for tables. I was immediately drawn to the warmth and decor of the place; it managed to be both welcoming and quirky, without seeming like it was trying too hard to be "hipster chic." 

Lisa, the manager (? Owner?), welcomed my friend and I in like we were out of town friends in for a visit. She was so nice and friendly and went out of her way to find us a spot at the bar (she did!). While we were waiting, I asked her (in my usual fashion) if anything was gluten-free, just for future reference. She said the kebabs certainly are and that any of the dips could be served with tortilla chips instead of pita bread. Score! Whether or not the chips are fried in-house and therefore contaminate by any gluten-ous foods fried in the same oil, I couldn't say, but I would certainly check before ordering. She said other things on the menu probably were, but as I wasn't planning on eating there that night, it seemed obnoxious to go over each item.

Once seated at the bar, I ordered a glass of champagne--hey, every day in Sally world is celebration-worthy!--and turns out they didn't have any available, but the really nice (and adorable in a cute little dress!) bartender gave me a single glass of one that they only sell by bottle. Wohoo! Thanks for breaking the rules, cute bartender chick! She was really nice, I didn't get her name, but she managed to be really friendly without disrupting the conversation between my friend and I...the sign of a really great bartender.

I'll be back for kebabs! Bonus points for being connected to a venue I spend half my life inside!
I am by no means a falafel expert, but I think this place is really great and they have a diverse menu...I always wanted to give this place more tries but could never find a friend to come with (and DandP is right next door...everyones favorite)...if youre a beginner looking to try falafels, give this place a try!
AWFUL!  Ordered the falafel sandwich and it was SUPER dry.  I hadn't had falafel in awhile and believe me I am not craving it after yesterday's lunch.  JP and I also split the lentil soup which was a huge disappointment, it lacked any flavor and salt.  

One star because a)  I have to give it something and b)  it's super cheap so at least my wallet wasn't as upset as my taste buds.
The falafel is really, really good and the lentil soup is incredible.
The ZuZu PuPu is awesome! 

I came here drunkenly after a wine tasting at Central Bottle looking for a kebab or something. My date and I ended up splitting the pu pu platter and it was exactly what we needed! All the typical middle easter spreads (including whipped garlic! dang that is powerful!), grape leaves, kebabs, and more! The presentation is elaborate, bordering on unnecessary, but it was fun considering the unruly state we were in :)

I will definitely return for a full meal and update.
It is very hard for me not to eat at this restaurant if I'm in the Westwood Village area. It is that good.  The Falafel is the best I've ever had, but lately I've always been going for the Shawarma.  If you are going for the Shawarma, you will experience a small bit of variability depending on when you go.  It is best freshly cut off the rotisserie.  Usually it comes out of a covered steam tray.  If it looks dried out I recommend you wait for a new batch.  I assume the Falafel is always fried to order but if not that is easy to ask for.  I love the food here so much I don't really care.  I miss the super hot sauce the old location used to have (OK there are at least 2 old locations in Westwood for this place) but there are still plenty of options at the sauce bar.
Best wings in West Philly.  Not sure if that's saying much, since this isn't exactly the "wing district", but I would seek this place out if I happen to find myself in the mood for chicken wings (and in the vicinity).

Seems like the UCity kids like this place for the pizza.  It's passable, really nothing to "write home about".  Overall, worth checking out for the wings, not much else.
I love this place! Their gyros are cheap, authentic and delicious!

I don't know what to say except that they're so good... there are long lines at times. but it's sooo worth it! 

you always get your fast good and you know it's authentic!
I hear they're open late too :)
Last night was my second night going to ZuZu! for their Saturday night "Soul-le-lujah" dance party, and like the first time I wasn't that impressed. 


Pluses:
- the crowd- diverse mix of people
-the bar tenders were very attentive
- only $5 cover

Minuses:
-sooooooo crowded- i could barely move around, let alone dance especially with a drink in my hand
-music was meh, a lot of songs were hard to bust a move to
-waiting in line outside... i hate lines! 

Overall, I wouldnt rush to come back.
just came from here...and just had to write a review....that how muched it sucked!..

man the service wuz horrible and i dont even know what was going on with the prices....they were strangely high.....I paid 40 bux for 1 hookah and 3 waters!! no lie....
and the chicks hanging out with us piad 80 bux for their check!...
and they had the similar, 1 hookah and 8 waters...
and the waiters were hard to find like hunting for deer or sumthing.....we had to search for them and when we finally asked for sum coal THEY TOOK FOREVERRR!!!!...
and finally their hookah sucked it got ashy and started to hurt your throat after awhile...killed the whole experience...
eff this place.
Friendly staff and delicious gyros. If they see you give a tip they'll always give you some baklava. And no matter how busy I've never seen more than about a ten minute wait.
I have traveled the world over and repeated these word: "Do you do the Arabic coffee in decaf?" to near universal derision. I've never actually been thrown out, but I suspect it's been a close thing. And yeah, maybe I deserve it, but I just don't handle the caffeine that well.

Algiers does me an Arabic in decaf, totally without laughing, scowling, or brandishing weapons. Bless them.
I eat here for lunch sometimes when I get a chance.  Normally I eat LeanCuisines at my desk but occasionally I get a chance to take a walk and get awya from the office.

Normally, I eat a half greek salad and a side order of hummus.  The half salad is a great deal and it's huge.  The hummus does not have a consistent flavor and  occasionally it just tastes... off.  I used to make hummus when I was a kitchen manager so I know good flavorful hummus.  This hummus is just average.  I do like their fried pita chips but then again, that is not the most healthy thing in the world

I have had one of their wraps and I thought they were rather expensive for what you get.  I had the grilled veggie wrap and I thought it was kind of disgusting.  I ended up picking out a lot of stuff and just enjoying the flavorless hummus.

Overall... it would probably be better if I saved my $5 and enjoyed a LeanCuisine BBQ Chicken Pizza for lunch.
I really should have read other reviews before my wife and I decided to order from Falafel Corner on Grub Hub.

As soon as we placed our order, we received a confirmation that we would receive the order in an hour, by 7:09 PM.  7:09 PM came and went.  We checked our order online and were informed that our delivery time had been pushed-back to 7:15 PM.  Okay, no big deal.  7:15 PM came and went.  Finally, we call Grub Hub at 7:25 PM to figure out what's happened to our order.  They look into it, and tell us that it's "on it's way."  Finally, a little after 7:30 PM, about 90 minutes after we first ordered, our order arrives, this after I watch their delivery driver creep back and forth up and down the block for several minutes, including a lenghty stretch in reverse.  

My wife returns with the food.  As I prepare to demolish the hummus appetizer we ordered (my wife had similar plans for the yoghurt dip she got), I open the bag to discover that they forgot to add the pita bread.  Seriously, how much of their food is accompanied by pita one way or another?  Of all the bone-headed things to forget.  

Dreading how long it's going to take these goofs to solve the problem, we call Grub Hub and explain the mistake.  This is just a tad before 7:40 PM.  We're told that "they'll bring it right over in 15 minutes."  Surprise, surprise, 15 minutes goes by, and nothing.  30 minutes after our first call about the mistake, we call Grub Hub again.  We're told that the delivery driver says he's called us several times and left us a message--this is complete and utter BS since the driver only called us when he arrived with our incomplete order in the first place.  We tell Grub Hub to tell Falafel Corner not to bother--that we're sick of keeping a pita vigil.  Grub hub tells us that the delivery guy is supposedly right in our neighborhood.  After a couple of minutes of discussion, my wife and I decide to call the delivery guy back on his number and tell him to take a hike.  The delivery man excitedly tells my wife that he will be there in "one minute," and says some other things my wife couldn't quite make-out thanks to his heavy accent.  FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER, the guy shows up with the pita and, amid protestations that it wasn't his fault, GIVES US A SINGLE CAN OF ORANGE FANTA "FOR [OUR] TROUBLES" (hey, at least the can wasn't warm).

The food wasn't all that memorable, but the service sure was--memorable doesn't always mean good.
For Boston, this falafel place is pretty good - not the best, but it will do. It gives me that NYC feeling of having a hole-in-the-wall restaurant open late.. but it isn't exactly like the NYC falafel places I'd visit back in NYC.

To date, I've only had the falafel and had a little bit of the lamb shawarma roll-up that my boyfriend ordered. The falafel is not bad, but if you're going to be eating it with friends, make sure not to talk too much or else it will get cold fast. And if you want some spicyness added to it, make sure you ask for it spicy, and not ask for it on the side. The side spicy sauce is thick and pasty, not like the easily pour-able sauces that I've had. Maybe it's just my experience, but I like the more watered down, diluted version of the spicy sauce.

The lamb shawarma that I tasted had A LOT of onions. It made my boyfriend's breath smell wayyyyyy bad. And he knows this. It was pretty tasty for what it is, but then again -- I've had better.
We ate an early dinner there on 2/6.  I had the veggie combo, which was *great*; a huge amount of delicious food for only $9.  It's a very plain & rather small place, and very clean (the kitchen area is open).  You place your order at the counter and they bring it to you.  The workers were really sweet.
AWESOME. I have been there many times, and it hasn't dissapointed me at all! The service is fast, food is delish, and very fresh. This is one of the best mediterranean places in the area!
I LOVE Brookline Lunch!  I find myself agreeing with many of the other reviews, but want to add my take.   The place IS rather dirty.  However... I don't mind that.  In fact some of my favorite breakfast places seem to have a thin layer of grease and grime (not sure what this says about me).  I do like the decor and the ever-changing artwork on the walls.

 The vegetable selection in the omelettes IS rather odd.  Yes, indeed there are carrots, and broccoli, and the chicken(!) that comes in the Ultimate Omelette is flavored with dill (of all things).  Again, I don't mind that.  In fact, I think it's great!  

I also agree the lines are long, the place is cramped, and the service is slow, but this place is cheap and well worth the wait.  

When I go there, I always get the aforementioned Ultimate Omelette and it is packed FULL of veggies and meats of all kinds - including carrots and chicken and other things not normally put in omelettes.  They don't skimp on the portions here!  I also want to rave about the home-made jam that they serve.  It's not always the same kind, and if you ask what it's made of, the answer(s) might surprise you (eggplant jam, anyone?), but the flavor is always top notch.

In summary, Brookline Lunch ranks among my VERY FAVORITE breakfast places in all of Metro Boston.  I'm just sad that I no longer live close enough to walk there.
Almost everyone I know who goes to this place becomes addcited. I often get serious cravings, but everyone does. Plus its not expensive and they are SUPER FAST! And I think the dad and son taking your order thing is cute :)
I was pleasantly surprised after stopping here on a total whim to try one of my favorite food genres... MEDITERRANEAN!! 'Spent a bit of time in Israel so always looking for a good local place... definitely happy to find one near USC. The big guy behind the counter must have been part owner because he was nice and informative and handed me a plate of warm pita to dip in a zatar/olive oil blend (yum) while I waited for my take out order. Food was very fresh, well seasoned and obviously made to order which is always a good sign. I ordered a chicken shwarma greek salad (totally my creation but he was happy to oblige) and for my fiance, a beef kabob plate. The 2 dinners came to $16 and servings were larger than I could finish fo sho. All in all, great find and I'm looking forward to going back.

PS - I want to learn how to make their 'garlic sauce' that's basically served with everything (I think) so I can rub it all over my body. GARLIC SAUCE = LOVE  ; )
Very good selection of middle eastern food for such a small space, very reasonable prices, open 24 hours, fresh pastries even.  This store sold everything I was looking for in a middle-eastern grocery, and then some.  There are many products I found here that I have not been able to find elsewhere in Philadelphia.

A huge asset to the community.
So awesome, that every other falafel/wrap/hummus takeout place pales in comparison....I have been forever ruined.  Sigh.
The price of my lamb kabob sandwich outweighed its quality. The meat itself was bland and did not taste to me like its proponents said. I ended up still being hungry after I left, having spent approximately $15. I'm sure that there is more tasty food on the menu. I never ended up tasting the hummus; I recommend experimenting more with their other options. 

The building itself is smartly designed, the back of the room where the counters are and where the ordering takes place is more lit and is painted with lighter colors, which I'm assuming are employed to make the space seem larger than it is in actuality. 
The bathroom also was well kept.

Positively, in addition the woman at the register was courteous and the service was fast.
Persian hospitality and comfort food.

Always call in and it will make the experience better.

And if you don't know Persian cuisine like this crazy Korean kid does, then make sure you try the Lubia Polo...  

My fav is House Kabob with herb or lentil rice, whichever is seasonably available.  (herb is the best!!!)

My Irish wife dug it so much she asked and they taught her how to make it at home ourselves!
I like the vibe of the place, but the food overall was subpar. The falafal was the best part of my meal, but the thai noodles were too salty and seemed low quality. The dolma (I tried every flavor) was not good at all and I grew up with homemade dolma made by my grandmother and I've had good to really good dolma at other restaurants. Here it was as if it was just pulled out of the freezer.

Again the vibe, falafal, service and price was good, the rest was not.
I went here last night just for dinner for one and wow the service has only gotten worse and worse every time.  It wasn't very busy and they had more than enough servers to not be ignoring me, not checking up on me or refilling my water. I was HIGHLY disappointed how the courteous and nice service that once was at the Middle East has gone to hell.
I plan on bringing stilts next time I go to see a show Downstairs. I love the Middle East, but the floor design in the basement is pretty rough on us short gals. Also, don't go to a Suicide Girls show there unless you are in the front row, or you want to get humped from behind by Eurotrash dudes.

These small, small gripes aside, I love eating here and spending time here. I'll usually hit it up on a Saturday afternoon and grab one of their awesome specials while listening to some good music, observing the rotating art exhibits, and doing general people watching.

My pick:

Try the Mjudra ( Moo-jud-rah), a lentil stew with onions and some hot sauce served with pita and a small salad during lunchtime. Absolute yumminess and quite hearty for when you desire lentils in a more robust incarnation than in a soup.

I love how the servers recognize me now-it adds a nice, personal feel.
Maybe the meat is good here - the rotating shwarmas look pretty decent, if one is inclined to that sort of thing.  But I'm vegetarian and I haven't been too thrilled with the vegetarian selections.  There are plenty of vegetarian selections - but everything  sounds (or looks) better than it tastes.  Nothing bad, but overall it seems a bit bland or watery.  and I also find it a little expensive for what it is.  
One exception is the veggie rollup, which is tasty (with those pickled turnips) and decently-priced.
Despite all of this, it's a good option for lunch in the Kendall area.  There's something for everybody, and it gets crowded during lunch but there usually seems to be enough seating.  Also in the summer you can get it to go and eat in the little park outside (not sure what will happen with the new skating rink).
Is nice place, good food, but....  TIP is include in the bill and waitress don't tell you? - we almost tip 40% because of this...   After 1.5 hours you have to order more hooka or you will get kick out.. Even if you are drinking!!!  Good place but thank you...
Service, taste, character..... this place has it all! I ate there for the third time this week and I think it gets better everytime.  Seriously I order a chicken shawerma wrap and within 2 minutes, a hot, savery meal is in my hands. I am always greeted with a smile and the cashier can usually remember my name. This is a joint that will flourish in Pasadena for years to come. YUM YUM YUM!!!!
how disappointing... I order their garlic chicken wrap, & the chicken was dry. x| that was the item I used to always order, but now that it's dry, I will try their lamb kabob pita wrap next time... that is only if I'm passing & am in the area...
I honestly feel a bit guilty every time I eat here, because I can't figure out how they manage to serve such quality food at the prices they do and still stay in business. In any case, it is by far some of the tastiest, best quality food you can get around the south side of campus.

I usually order either the braised Niman Ranch beef or the grilled chicken kabob, both of which are delicious. That provides a solid base for the unlimited salad bar, which is really what makes this place stand out. Instead of the usual perfunctory lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc., they offer a flavorful variety of pickled vegetables, a fresh salad mix, and best of all, fried eggplant slices. You can then top it off with various sesame, yogurt, or fresh herb sauces. The end result is a very reasonably priced, delicious, filling, and healthy meal. That combination is very hard to come by this close to campus.
I know other reviewers took issue with the interior of the restaurant or the attitude of the owner, but I absolutely love Jerusalem for its excellent food. 
The hummus is to die for. So creamy! We usually get the dish of the day. All the vegetable dishes I've tried are very yummy (especially the spinach dish), and there are many options if you are a vegetarian. My personal favorite is the fish. It's fried tender and juicy without being greasy and seasoned perfectly with a hint of spiciness. 
The most important reason why I always prefer Jerusalem to other restaurant options in the area is that all dishes taste like home-made food, prepared according to traditional recipes with great care. It's cheap, but definitely not cheaply prepared!
Middle East Downstairs is really all I have experienced.  I have been there multiple times for a bunch of bands, Broken Social Scene, The New Deal, Les Savy Fav, and many others.  Honestly I have retired it as a place to go for shows though.  The sound is sub-par and I have gotten tired of it.  Any sort of bass line is reduced to a farting sound and that really disappoints me.  Bar is decent and they always have a lot of cups and free water which deserves serious props.
I really do love Hummus. And their hummus is just as great as you'd imagine. My favorite is the "Hummus salad" which includes hummus (of course) with avocado, tomatoes, etc. Also the shwarma is awesome. This place is perfect where it's located, and I hope that it continues to stay in business and be popular for a long time to come.
The food here is great. As a vegan, I appreciate the fact that they label vegan-friendly items on their menu. The falafel sandwich is great.

However, shortly after witnessing a mouse run out of the bathroom and along a wall, I then got to watch an employee kill the mouse with a broom. Which, as an animal lover, counteracted any goodwill their intermittently-vegan-friendly menu generated.
Pita Pita is an inconsistent, though often delicious Lebanese restaurant in Pasadena. Hummus, falafel, shawarma, etc are all staples, but can be mediocre from time to time (the shawarma in particular is often dry). Prices are good - $8-10 will get you a sizable plate of food that will leave all but the largest in your crowd stuffed. Very little in the way of the ambiance, but at this price range it's hard to complain. Parking is also very hard to come by.
This place is a great value (meals with huge portions running in the $5-7 range) and has some pretty bomb food. Have only eaten here for brunch. They have your standard diner fare: eggs, omelets, sausage, bacon, pancakes, French toast, home fries. But they also have various eggs benedicts, and steak (which comes as an alternative to standard bacon or sausage with their eggs meals), an ethnic breakfast (I'm remembering pita and olives but there was definitely other stuff), and some good specials (they change often...last time, I overheard the owner telling someone they were out of salmon, but that they had some fresh tilapia).

The thing with this place is that they put their own spin on it. Your home fries definitely didn't come out of a bag. There's always a ton of fresh grilled veggies in them and they are pretty flavorful. The whole plate is just always flavorful. And they come up with interesting specials (although I didn't like my TBM omelet...interesting in theory, just doesn't really taste great all together).

Their iced coffee is great. I'm not a coffee snob, but I don't like it when my iced coffee tastes watery, and theirs doesn't.

If you allow me to suggest one thing to you off their menu, it's their CRACK JAM. Homemade raspberry jam that we're pretty sure has chunks of pineapple in it. If your meal doesn't come with toast, order a side of toast (which they butter for you!) and jam because it is that good.

Also, they have homemade hot sauce. I'm not a fan of spice but I am a foodie so I tried a little. It packed a nice little kick and was just so "fresh" is the word we kept throwing around. Definitely some fresh spices in there along with probably some chili paste or something. But it's pretty liquidy. Anyways, it's good.

A few minor annoyances which mean I can't grant that last star: 1, the homefries aren't to die for. They're good but just that. 2, the first omelet I ordered was a Western omelet and was not supposed to have sausage in it, but it did, as did my friend's omelet that wasn't supposed to have it either. They're kind of all over the place throwing things in your plate that aren't supposed to be there, it seems. Which is fine for the homefries, there's no definition of homefries. But she told me what was in the Western, and sausage was not in her description. 3, the fans are not AC and I am always too hot in there (although it is summer). 4, the service can be off if it's too crowded (we literally spent 5 minutes staring at anyone who works there and could not get any of their attention). They're always friendly but they have to change something there.

All in all, it will definitely be my spot this summer for going out to breakfast. Not perfect, but pretty damn near.
Yeah, I've waited long time to give this place a try and so after many years of driving by, I finally stopped by and had lunch.

I wasn't sure what to get, so I opted to stay with the default... I ordered Chicken Shawarma & Hummus Plate and for my two sides, I went with Lentil Soup and Fattoush, I asked for toasted fita.

The lentil soup was good, first time having it, so it's hard to compare, but for having it first time, I liked it.  As for Fattoush, not a fan... it came with fried fita rather than toasted, but I didn't complain... bc I like fried food :)  The seasoning was lacking, it was blend and seemed like the cucumber in it was little old, as it was not crunchy... maybe it was yesterdays???

I expected a bigger plate of the Chicken Shawarma, but I guess from a portion control perspective it was average size.  The chicken was moist, the hummus was the best I had in town, so thumbs up... the rice was okay.

The sandwiches are reasonably priced... with so many new middle eastern restaurants opening up in Ann Arbor area, one has to wonder how long they will last trying to compete with other established places in ann arbor.  

I'll be back and will try other dishes, but based upon today's experience, I can only mustard 3 stars...  The service was okay, not top of the line, but okay...
MMMMM so tasty. forget the salad and usual sides. go for the zucchini and cauliflower. i always get the p3. their gyro meat is really tender and delicious. and cheap. and open late. and even better when you're stumbling around drunk. plus, the staff is really nice. the place is a little dark but a good coat of paint would fix that. plus i rarely sit down to eat.
I love Zankou so much it's ridiculous. I've been eating Zankou Chicken for years, but only at the one in Glendale since it never occurred to me that Zankou might be a chain. I was beyond excited to find out there was another one!

When I'm picking up something for a family dinner, I usually get a couple of whole chicken. The chicken itself always really juicy and the skin a good balance between salty and crispy. If I'm going to grab a quick something for lunch, I get the Roasted Chicken Wrap or the Chicken Tarna Wrap, sometimes with an order of hummus and pita if I'm really starving. It's all so good that I seriously crave it on a regular basis. 

The service is meh, but, I mean, you only interact with the cashier for about 10 seconds so it's not a big deal. What makes this Zankou better than Glendale's (for me, at least) is every once in a while, I get a freebee, like extra Tarna Wrap or something! What person wouldn't love that?
If you appreciate good small to mid-sized performances in intimate venues that invite underappreciated bands, then seriously consider the Middle East.

I was introduced to the Middle East my freshman year, when I went to my first Bostonian concert (Ambulance Ltd), and it was perfect. Coming from LA, where the venues are difficult to reach (fighting through traffic, hunting for parking in small, limited lots), I found that Boston's public transportation (ME sits right on the Red line) and offerings of smaller, accessible venues were such a relief. ME has great performance line-ups (ex. Tokyo Police Club, Art Brut), and send regular updates on upcoming shows - I would definitely sign up for the email list. The basement is the perfect size for such acts, as it's large enough where you can get a good crowd going but small enough to still be close to the stage. 

The bands perform downstairs, while food is served upstairs. The upstairs dining area is good for passing the time if you're not loving the opening act (I wouldn't come here for the pita or appetizers though, which weren't memorable). But both the downstairs and upstairs spaces are pretty loud, so it's difficult to carry an ongoing conversation (I have had to step outside on multiple occasions to find another venue where we could wait for the real acts to come on).

Tickets are fairly priced, so it's a good place to get to know new bands - there's less concern about wasting money on an expensive ticket for a potentially terrible show. 

Bottom line: Come here for intimate performances by familiar and unfamiliar bands, but not for extended conversation or appetizing food.
Yes the place is small, yes the hours are weird, but yes this is the best late night food anywhere around.  Be prepared to wait a little in line, but it is well worth it when you get that delicious shawarma.  I live closer to Harvard Square but after a night at the bar I take the T to Central just to hit up this place.
Best Rice Pudding, good apple tea, yummy buttery rice, good pita and dipping sauce.

Difficult to park, but the staff is very helpful if you double park.

Portions are good, not to big.  Nice variety from healthy to super rich options.  Any of the kebabs are good and relatively healthy (come with rice and some salad).  Sometimes I get the lamb, eggplant mix, with yogurt.  Caution it is very oily, and I usually ask for extra eggplant.  NOT A HEALTH FOOD, but I still love it.
Best falafel I've ever had.
I love this place; end of story. Every time I go to Providence to visit the boyfriend, this is one of my first stops.

Gyros are DELICIOUS! I usually go for the beef kabob one or the beef and lamb combo. I prefer it without the hot sauce, pickles, or banana peppers but everything else on it. The portions are humungo and sooo filling yet priced so decently. 

Their hummus is to die for with the warm Syrian bread. The boyfriend always insists we get extra hummus because I'm notorious for finishing the order before we even get home. mmmmm, delicious.

The first time I went, they gave me a ton of free samples! They offered us falafels, baklava, and another one of their desserts. It was so generous of them. 

The service is friendly but professional. The staff is very helpful and patient as well. I always have a difficult time deciding what I want (usually because I want everything...) and the staff has never rushed me and always offers advice or insight. 

The set up of the restaurant is small but very clean. I've never eaten inside the place; I always get my food to go (being from sunny California, the Providence weather is always too cold to my liking so I prefer to eat in the comfort of my couch and heater turned up..)

Next time I visit, you BET I'll be making a stop here...again....
This place is definitely for the chicken lovers.
The chicken was juicy because I got the dark meat one (#5 might I add).

Price was reasonable. The workers weren't the nicest, but then again this place isn't exactly a sit down dinner where waiters serve you.

I liked it overall simply because they give you plenty of food and that it was a fulfilling place. However, I only gave it 4/5 stars because this was literally my first time eating Middle Eastern food.

The pita bread was hot. Chicken was juicy. Hummus and garlic sauce were creamy and salty, but it was awesome with the pita bread.

I would go again, but the distance from where  I live is sort of a killer.
This place is not bad at all. I don't get why ppl think Jerusalem Garden is so good.  This and Haifa falafel have a lot more unique flavors. The $4.99 chicken shawarma pita w/ garlic sauce (yum) is better than most. Soups like potato curry are actually spicy (not midwestern JK!). Staff is nice and appreciates feedback.
With the exception of only 1 Bartender and the good live music. It was The Worst all around experience I've experienced in a long time. Very Very Very unfriendly staff and customers. Bad food.  Ok I think you get the picture . So In conclusion if ur looking to get treated like crap then eat a crap sandwich then Zuzu is definitely for you.
I love Tom's Tabooley and their friendly staff.  My favorite at Tom's is their Mediterranean Platter with hibiscus tea! Their gyros are fantastic too. I have brought my staff there and when my book club went, we even played board games afterwards.  I like to add a little treat from their unique candy/snack collection, or the amazing baklava or Brigid's yummy fudge before leaving.
They offer live music as well, usually on Thursdays but other nights as well.
I've been putting off writing my scathing review of Amir's, but seeing as how this place was shut down yesterday by the Department of Health, now seems like a good time as any to do some ranting.

Amir's is a take-out Lebanese restaurant that is neither good nor cheap. I've always suspected that the only reason this sad excuse of a Middle Eastern store remained in business was because it had smartly placed itself next to a college campus. After all, who needs to work on quality when your customers are notriously known to have undiscerning palates, voracious appetittes, and a disdain for responsbile spending?

And although the food at Amir's isn't expensive, it isn't cheap either, especially considering the disturbingly low quality of the dishes. The falafel at Amir's is $4.99. Granted, it's one of the cheaper food options in the neighborhood, it's still pretty pricey for a falafel. While the price at Amir's is comparable to Maoz down on 72nd (also $4.99), it's double the costs of the dish at Mamoun's. And despite being twice as expensive, the falafel at Amir's is utterly disappointing.

The pita bread is always too stale and breaks apart far too easily. The falafel balls are pre-cooked and microwaved to order, causing them to be soggy, mushy, and flavorless. The vegetables inside are drained of color and are limp. But the worst part about this already awful falafel sandwhich is that instead of the delicious yogurt sauce, Amir's soaks the insides of the dish with way too much Tahini. And while I like Tahini as much as the next person, its effects on the sandwhich is that it makes it messier (the falalfel always falls apart into a sloppy mess), heavier, and greasier.

The shawarma here is just as bad. Not only are the pita too fragile and tasteless, the vegetables still wilting, but the meat here is way too tough and dry. Last time I ordered the beef shawarma, I watched as the guy in the kitchen took up the pre-sliced chunks of meat, throw them into the microwave, and then chucked them into the pita sandwhich. And indeed, when I took a bite, the meat was so dry, it was almost like jerky.

The service is rude and the place is cold and unappealing. But on top of that, Amir's also apparently had 77 health code violations. Some specific crimes includ roach infestations in the food storage area and evidence of fly infestation.

Is it wrong for me wish that Amir's never comes back? I don't care what they put in its place, as long as it's not Amir's. Heck, put in a White Castle and it'll still be better than the roach infested craphole that is Amir's.
With Pita! Pita! being one of my favorite restaurants a few years back while it was still in Old Town Pasadena, I was curious as to how the "new" location on Colorado Boulevard would compare.  One day, I dropped by for lunch to check it out.

Changes were obvious right away.  This second rendition had a much more casual ambiance than its predecessor and the wait staff was replaced by counter service.  None of this phased me because the quality of the food is far more important than the restaurant atmosphere.   As for my meal, it consisted of a side of hummus, pita bread as well as my main entree, a spicy chicken dish.

I was fine with the hummus, but not as happy with the fried pita bread.  It was a little burnt and also a little hard.  Considering that the name of their restaurant is Pita Pita, I would think they would have taken more care in how their namesake is served.  

When it came to the spicy chicken dish, which was almost like a stew or soup, I was definitely a much happier camper.  The restaurant was generous with their chicken pieces, which I appreciated.  The chunks of tomato and onion added additional flavor to the already tasty broth and I liked how that soup had just the right amount of heat and kick.

As for the sides, they were almost expendable.  The tabbouleh needed a bit more tartness.  I found to the rice to be a little watery and as for the beans, I couldn't quite understand why they were even included on my plate.  I kept on wondering where the franks were.

Overall, you can't compare the old vs. the new based on just one meal.   I'd say that for the most part, the delicious spicy chicken reminded me why I used to enjoy dining at the old location so much.  However,  the sad sides that accompanied that chicken makes me want to turn the clock back to tastier times.

In general, I wouldn't go out of my way to have a meal at this Pita! Pita!, but if I were in the neighbornood, I'd be more than happy to try other things on their menu.

To see pics, go to:
http://www.flickr.com/photos/la_addict/sets/72157602212294685/
What an awesome hole in the wall gyro shop.  This place hasn't changed in years and I sure am glad they have kept it that way.  It always seems the dingier and harder a place is to find the better the food.  You really get that old world feeling that you would have eating a gyro in the Mediterranean.   Aladdin really knows how to pile the meat into warm pita and smother it with just the right amount of onion, lettuce, tomato and tzatziki.  Is there anything better than a fresh gyro on a warm summer day or a cold winter afternoon, well maybe a nice cold beer, but thats a different review altogether.
Tied for the best gyro I've ever had.  Get the platter if you're with someone else--there's enough to make two sandwiches.  My wife liked the falafel, but that's not really my thing.
I love J Garden, they have the best food! My favorite is the falafel with baba ghanoug. You can't beat their falafels. The vegetarian grape leafs are also really good, served with hummus. You can get sandwich's or a variety of combination plates. If your not that hungry then order a side dish. Don't forget to try the baklava with pistachio, I have never had a better one!

It's a tiny place, yes a hole in the wall but that is why its great. They have indoor and outdoor seating. You can also get food to go. Most townies here rave about this place and you'll run into lots of them here.

And prices are really reasonable!
The best hookah bar in the Universe. IMHO.

Great vibe.
Awesome hookahs. 
Food is great too.
Nice crowd (a lot of hot dudes) :)

Love this place, love it love it!

Will always choose Habibi over any other hookah place.
This place is good.. The only reason I didnt give it 4 stars is because of the portions. Not enough meat and rice.. And I only give a 5 star rating to a nearly perfect place. Im a very picky person when it comes to food. 

You will not get full off one plate. The rice is good here. The meat is good, not great. But for the money you cant go wrong. The hours are a bit odd. Id eat here instead of Zankou anyday. 

Service is fast and the location is great.
I still love this place as a venue for music - and the corner restaurant is still a reliable and cheap option for lunch. That being said, I have no idea what's going on w/the restaurant area attached to the Upstairs. Not only has the food gone downhill but the service is just beyond unacceptable.

I can't even begin to count how many times in the last few months I've gone there with one or two other people and we've found ourselves being charged for things we didn't order, not receiving items, or waiting over 20 minutes to get a simple beverage order. Not the biggest deal since the place is local and just convenient to hang out at.

Last night was the last straw though. I was there, early, with three colleagues for dinner. It took 20 minutes for drink orders to be taken - and then another 20 for two beers and a water to be delivered. One person's food - something simple - a veggie burger - took 45 minutes. Things were forgotten, the waitstaff never came out to check on us, and one of the servers got really agitated with a member of our party who went inside to check on the status of our drink order.

It was a quiet week night - the restaurant was not crowded by any means - and there was only one other table on the patio with us.

There really was just no excuse for the service - and - unlike in the past when mistakes have been made, we didn't get a single explanation, or apology, nothing. I wouldn't have cared if we'd gotten a simple "sorry it's taking so long, we have a new person," or "I'm sorry we sent your food to the wrong table." Instead we just got attitude.

When our bill came I was shocked to see that an 18% gratuity had already been added. This seems to have become a regular practice w/this part of the restaurant. I can understand adding gratuity later in the evening on a crowded night if the management is worried about servers getting stiffed by drunk patrons - or adding it for larger groups. But adding that much tip for a small party when the staff haven't done their jobs properly is just a slap in the face to the customer.

I'll still be coming to the Middle East for shows, but as of now they've completely lost my regular business as a restaurant customer.
Everything here is great, from the location to the service and food! I have been here a few times and will definitely be coming back again and again!

I always choose the platter, which comes with your choice of meat, salad or rice, chips, warm pita bread and your choice of two sides. Their portions are generous and my personal favorite is the lamb meat, which comes shredded. I pass on the chips because I find them to be too greasy. I also ask for half salad and half rice. There are too many sides to mention, but every one I have tried has been delicious!

The employees are nice and I enjoy the quick service, selection of sauces and outdoor seating! It's like Mediterranean fast food turned up a notch!
The Egyptian food is tasty.  My personal fav is the Shawarma Plate.  They've got a flat-screen that often plays Arabic music videos, which really contributes to the ambiance.  The miniature statuettes are a nice touch as well.
We finally got around to trying this place after about six months of walking by wondering. Wonder no more...

The rice was overcooked, my beef/lamb shawarma was overcooked, my wife's falafel was warm-on-the-outside-cold-on-the-inside, and the plates were rather small.

The employees neither smiled nor feinted to bring our food to us after we ordered at the register, tipped, and took a seat outside.

I had a shawarma plate at Aceituna two days ago and though it was expensive, it was far more satisfying.
this place is family owned and has excellent service. the food is good and hearty. great for breakfast and brunch. it is small though so expect a wait.
Needed food, so it did the trick. Nothing more, nothing less.

P.S. The Baklava was at least three days old. Stay away.
The Zankou Pasadena powers-that-be continue to whittle away at customer dining perks. Look what's happened over the past few years:
1. Salt and pepper shakers on each table: GONE
2. Napkins on each table: GONE
3. A moist towelette with each meal: GONE
4. Chili peppers on each plate without asking: GONE
5. Garlic paste went from hand-packed to factory-made and lost its intensity
6. Want extra garlic? Get out yer wallet.

More troubling is the chicken pieces seem to have shrunk. What's left is a minimal dining experience which -- until the fatigue of repetition has properly trained you -- will have you trudging to the counter several times during your meal to get what you forgot to remember. 

Park in the back lot at your own risk. The alley is the only way out and delivery trucks may block your exit.

===edit June 8, 2009 ===
Prices raised again... chicken tarna is fattier and less edible... time to take away a star. I'm pretty much done with Zankou by now. There are many better choices for this type of food.
I went back to try lamb plate, 5 stars!!  Cheap, scrumptious food for the win!!  My brother also decided to ask for a plate without vegetables thinking that they were going to just keep that spot empty, but they just filled it up with rice and lamb anyway, awesomeness!
I've only heard a couple of decent performances. I hate the cool kids that think because they work there they have to be jerks.

I also really dislike their food.
Tried the falafel here, and it was very good. Comes seasoned Lebanese style with pickled radish (might be a turn-off if you're not used to it) and pickled cukes. Very tasty overall, one of the best falafels in the area.

I didn't try any of their other sandwiches or meals yet, but the prices seem a bit high.
Was disappointed by this place.  Was in on a slow Fri night and got the veggie combo plate.  The $7 dish has hummus, baba ganoush, 2 pieces of falafel, taboulleh, and pita.  The taboulleh was very watery.  The pita too thin and cold.  The falafel not crispy, rather mushy actually.  And the hummus had a weird unpleasant tanginess to it.  Not the middle-eastern food I was hoping for and I did expect more out of this place.  Cheap but you get cheap food.
Quality of food is like 1960s. Not that I existed in this world then, but their brunch is actually just like how I would cook myself, hearty and tasty, although you will see some disagreements as to how they make the pancake and french toast. Also, they don't use real maple syrup.

Well, their eggs benedict is pretty good. Actually, I shouldn't talk about anything else served there, because every time I go there, I order different kinds of eggs benedict.

The worst part is their coffee. It's about the same level as the donuts chains and convenience store quality. Well, I might be a coffee snob, btu they should at least get the quality matched to Andala, Mariposa or C3 (when the sloppy staff is not working there). Well, coffee at these  three places is only passable anyway.
Come on! This place has such a great location. Food and drinks are terribly overpriced...I mean...MINT TEA for $3.75?? Tea with a mint leaf in it? It's ridiculous. The couch isn't comfortable and it's not a great place to lounge around. The service is good, but I can't get past the crazy prices and the below average everything else.
Ridiculously positive and plentiful reviews for a reason. Fresh, fast, delicious and reasonably priced. Some of the best falafel, if not the best I've ever had.
Great lamb kebab plates and baklava. Lightning fast soup-nazi service, while still being occasionally friendly. Wish they stayed open longer and had a better view.
Still have a disatisfied feeling about my experience from last night. Went with a couple friends from out of town. We saw Gypsy, then like fools walked over to this mistake. 

The upsides: music/lighting was cool enough (you can tell they're going for a "vibe"), and the server was very nice. Food was fine.

But the bill made me want to just duck out. They def don't give anything away here. I felt like I had to appologize to my friends for showing them such a lame time. And I swear the beer was watered. 

I do not recommend this place to any friend or loved one. I can't believe I signed up to Yelp just to notify everyone of my discontent.
4.5
love it, wish it had more flavor though. like offering tahini sauce.
Great food, great chicken, and old-school decor that makes me feel like I'm in the '70s with veneer wood particle lining the walls.  I love the tri-tip and chick shawerma.  Juicy, flavorful, and home-cooked taste.  The pickled vegies are inconsistent sometimes though.  Some days, they are nice and crisp, and other times, limp and flaccid.  But still, you want to come for the meat enveloped in a savory sauce.  Value is fair, and I come here all the time.
I ate there for te first time a few weeks ago at the recommendation of a friend when I mentioned that I really like Juan Pollo Chicken in Covina. I had Zankou bookmarked for a while, I mentioned this place to another friend who knew of this place and had a craving for Mediterranean, so I finally tried it.

The food, equal or better to Jaun Pollo Chicken, the quality, taste and price is very good. I simply had chicken due to a particular diet at the time, it was very tastey! I did try a bite of falafel with a dallop of humus, very good! I must say that the garlic sauce is a big part of experiance and I highly recommend it.

The ambiance & service is fast food style, order at counter, take tray to a table or take out. The staff was friendly and helpful. The place was busy.

My only con is that during busy times parking is limited.

Ovarall, good food, good value. I will surely be coming back. I recommend Zankou to others
Got the mixed plate with spicy chicken and beef. Good stuff. Will make it a priority to stop back anytime I'm in town. We were the only 'caucasion' folks in the joint - so I guess there has to be some authenticity points there. But tasted great, large amount of food, and the place seems pretty clean. Cheapest meal we had in Boston on our stay. Convenient off the Red Line @ Kendal/MIT
I really like this place. It's crazy fast (too fast, friends have argued) so I think it's best to take a kebab plate (I like a beef/lule mix - it comes with rice pilaf and Mediterranean style salad) to go since the seating is not great. The guys at the counter can be soup-natzi-esque at times, so don't go there for the service. I actually had to dock them a star because of this (boo). Just do your thang and go on with your day. I like the dry cleaner next door so I kill two birds with one stone. Dinner to go (bang), pick up/drop off dry cleaning (bang). All in about 8 minutes.
 Expect to spend  a little over $8 for a combo plate, sans drink. The baklava was good and gooey. Whatever you do (this part is really important)...

DO NOT FORGET THE GARLIC SAUCE!

Also, they close at 7PM, so get a move-on. And they are closed Sundays (I found out the hard way).
We stopped by this place after looking for a good mediterranean restaurant on yelp and was not disappointed.  The food pricing was very reasonable and the food was served quickly.  I had the schawarma plate with drink.  Will go back for a second trip!
Just OK, not great.  I really wanted to love this place due to the close proximity to my apartment as opposed to Moody's.  I love the falafels at Moody's, but frankly the one disgruntled worker they have is quite moody himself, and always seems to be on his period.  Thus, I figured I would try out Wrapro for my falafel needs.

First gripe, these falafels are not made fresh.  They also close super early at 9PM on weekdays.  When I went in at 8 o'clock on a Tuesday, they had about 100 prepared falafels sitting around. 

I am guessing that they were not going to sell 100 falafels in an hour since I was the only one there.  It would not kill them to make fresh falafels to keep up with demand and cut down on waste.

Next gripe, the falafels inside the falafel sandwich were cold!  It is one thing if you choose to serve pre-made falafels, but at least heat those babies up for me, you bastids.  In addition, the falafels were a little spongy on the inside due to being prepared earlier and sitting around.

Adding to my frustrations, the sandwich was poorly wrapped and ruptured as soon as I liberated it from its paper wrapping.  I still inhaled that ish anyway, but they need to improve their wrapping skills if they are going to refer to themselves as WraPRO.

Despite these gripes, the staff was very friendly and the establishment was spotless.  I was a dollar short for my order and when I offered to get the difference from my car, the woman behind the counter said don't worry about it.  I thought that was very nice.  

The baba ghannouj I ordered on the side was well prepared and very tasty.  If it weren't for that, I would totally give this place 2 stars.

I will be back, albeit I will probably not be sober.  These falafels are good drunk eats when you don't really care about quality and are just looking for sustenance.  Moody's bitchy worker definitely makes a finer falafel than the guys at Wrapro.
After living in milquetoast suburbs of Northern California, I realized I really do miss the local favorites.  Zankou is like Lee's Sandwiches of No Cal; it may not be exciting, or the best example of that particular cuisine, but it is delicious, cheap, and you always know what you are going to get.  We landed at Burbank, got the rental car, checked into the hotel, and immediately headed to Zankou.  The moist, flavorful chicken, the shredded tri-tip, the pickles and hummus, it was all as wonderful as I remembered.  This location is not upscale or pretty, but it doesn't quite look like a DMV waiting room, which is an improvement.  It's truly a treat to come back to LA and have Zankou.
This place is horrible. The food is bland and served in styrofoam containers even if you sit down at a table inside the restaurant. I had the falafel and was severely disappointed. My wife had a Vege Combo. The pita bread was not warmed and was tasteless. I would not go back if they were giving free food. I don't understand how this place got a 4 star rating.
If there was a way to rate this restaurant 0 stars, I would. My partner and I Yelped this restaurant because we were going to watch a movie nearby and wanted to stop in and get a quick bite. We arrived at the restaurant at 6:15pm and walked in to order. As we ordered the cashier told us that the order had to be to-go because they close up their seating area inside and outside 40 minutes before they close everyday. Really? 40 minutes? 

I explained to him that we would be done in 10-15 minutes and that we couldn't really take it to go. He didn't care. We walked out, went down the street and ate at another restaurant. As we walked back since our car was parked in front of the Mediterranean Cafe, we saw that others were still eating outside on the patio and this was around 6:50pm. This got me thinking, was it because my partner and I are an interracial couple? Was it due to the fact that this restaurant makes so much money that they didn't give a damn about customer service? Well regardless of what the reason is, they have permanently lost my business and anyone I ever talk to about this place. That's too bad because my partner and I are huge fans of Mediterranean food and this is actually pretty close to where we live.
The best thing about this teeny little joint is the outdoor seating.  People watching is a great activity for lunching.  We got to see a previously seen homeless and shoeless man find some shoes.  What an uplifting and heartwarming story.  

I went for the shish kebab sandwich, b/c really all I ever want to eat these days is kebab.  24/7.  I added the tabbouleh and rice, expecting them to come as sides.  I was pleasantly surprised to find them tucked into my pita with the hummus and beef.  Other friends enjoyed the kefteh sandwiches and chicken schwarma plate.  I could easily spend an afternoon here getting hopped up on Turkish coffee.
On my first ever night living in Boston my cosmologist roomie gave me a brief walking tour of Central Sq, we sat down for couscous in Middle East and he flatly proclaimed: "FOR THE MUSIC SCENE, THIS IS THE CENTER OF THE GALAXY"

15 months on and he's only ever been proved right. The scenesters of Boston rotate around this hipsteropolis as if it has a dense mass attracting them without question. At the heart of the system is the Supermassive Blackhole that is Downstairs - a fantastic venue that hosts great shows and serves up enough PBR to form an almost inescapable gravitational pull.

Close to the Event Horizon, several dense Nebulae spawn new hipster stars every second... the spartan upstairs bars, the mediocre dining area, the wonderful Zuzu's, TT the Bear's Place, HiFi Pizza, Brookline Lunch... it's difficult to know where this Galaxy Center begins and ends. With a weak telescope it now appears to stretch across everything from Mary Chung to The Phoenix Landing, such is the dense concentration of hipsters and clove cigarettes permanently occupying the sidewalks and doorways.

(...let me take this analogy a few steps too far)

Recent calculations by cosmologists have predicted an expansion rate that will one day see the center encompass all from Harvest to Middlesex and perhaps even lead to a local mass so dense that it causes the weaker nearby stellar clusters of Allston and Somerville to collapse. Observational astronomers (such as Hana T) have already noted that the gravitational pull at The Middle East is sufficiently strong to withhold a staff of unanimously large-chested women, with only those with slender profiles able to to withstand the forces and come and go as they please. It is even hypothesized by some of the more brave theorists in the community that soon the strength of gravity will only allow for escape those who haven't modded their bicycles to fixed gear.

Just like the center of our real galaxy, it's a beautiful thing to look at, but every now and then I'm glad I live a little away from all the chaos on my own galactic arm of Orion.
The coffee was pretty fantastic.  The food is slightly over-priced for middle eastern fare.  The reason why this place did not get more stars was the obnoxious service.  The asian waitress was very brusque and seem harried when the place was not remotely packed.  Her demeanor was also rough when asking about the coffee choices available.  She works is a place in the center of Harvard Sq.  She cannot afford to be so impolite.  I guess I'll be going back to one of the dozens of other coffee places in Harvard.
First time having Lebonese food, it was good!
We had the 1/4 chicken plate and a Tri-tip Shawerma wrap.
The chicken was tender and it was a great combination with the hummus and the garlic saucy thingy, it wasn't too strong of a garlic taste but after lunch, you definatly need some mints.
over all , it was good and should try at least once
Great inexpensive choices here, always liked everything I've tried. I enjoy the patio seating as well.
Decided to head here with friends before going to see a movie at the Dobie. Based on the reviews, I wasn't sure if it would rock my world, disappoint, or be somewhere in between. I'll settle on the "somewhere in between"... for now. Armed with more inside knowledge of what to ask for, I will be back, and I know it'll be very good!

I had the steak plate, my sis, the chicken shawarma, friends both had falafel sandwiches and we all split a small pizza. My steak was a bit dried out and didn't have much flavor, so I kept sneaking pieces of my sis' chicken. YUM! The falafel was also good. (I wish they had a falafel appetizer on the menu.) The hummus was smooth, but we would've liked a bit more garlic, lemon and a pinch of fresh dill to liven it up. (Sadly, our pita was neither grilled, nor fluffy.) I do understand ethnic foods are sometimes "dumbed down" for non-native palettes. Wish it wasn't so, but it is. The pizza was OK, like a pre-fab bar pizza, but with better cheese. We still finished it off.

Here's the kicker: even tho I wasn't overall wowed by the food, I definitely want to come back and try more things. I want to see what those guys can really whip up, cause I know they can do some great things! The service was excellent - friendly, funny, helpful. The guys there were so nice! And the prices can't be beat! Reason enough to go back.

Bottom line: 3 stars for now. I left room to give them more as I try more things. I'm sure they won't disappoint!
I can't speak for most of their options, but the veggie wraps here are quite good.  They always come out quickly and they are reasonably priced.

Also, I love that they have a bunch of different hot sauces out on the tables.
Overpriced for the quality. I got the falafel platter, which was supposed to be a large salad with a falafel sandwich. Falafel was dry, salad was limp (if you can call it salad) and pita was store bought and cold.
Had a really great time here last Thursday. Strong drinks, good music, interesting people. Loved it.
MEDIOCRE. what's a girl gotta do to get some excellent falafel around here?
Simple menu
Decent prices
Straight up value

We ordered a beef kabob and a chicken shawerma plate. Each plate contained meat, rice, salad, hummus, and pita bread. Added a tabouleh (how many different ways has this word been butchered?) It looks like you can't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu. Parking can be a doosy, but there's many reasons why. 

I will return.
This brand-new counter service eatery is definitely worth stopping by.  Delicious food made with attention will cost you a bit less than it should.  The people at the restaurant were really nice and appreciative of our business.  However you should probably make sure you've got a few minutes to kill - it took them about 15 minutes to prep our lunch, with no other customers inside.

They feature a bunch of lavash-ish wraps in typical "middle-eastern" style - falafel, shwarma, hummus, etc, with lettuce, tomato, pickle and tahini.  The wraps are dirt cheap - under $5 right now for a vegetarian option and $5-$7 for meat.  The wraps are also delicious, and they will even serve them to you out of the wrap and plated if you ask nicely.

There are some other plated options (mostly configurations of the above items) which we'll have to go back to try.  These are a bit more expensive but are still less than $10.

The reason the wraps were so tasty was because the food was clearly cooked to order - a mixed bag at a place with counter service.  You expect the food to come out quick, so when you're sitting waiting and listening to the falafel fry in the kitchen, it can be a little discouraging.  However, it was totally worth the wait.  I think this also might be due to the fact that this place is new; I bet they'll iron out some kinks, and maybe raise the prices, once things start moving along.

It's a nicely decorated restaurant with pop/middle-eastern music playing at a reasonable volume.  The dude behind the counter went above and beyond in terms of taking care of us - although we ordered at the counter, we basically got table service, to the point where we decided to leave a tip.

If everybody has as nice a time as we did, Viva will do just fine.
The gyros aren't the greatest, thinly sheared and sparse on too much pita. I like hearty gyros and this didn't cut it, especially when I got a teeny plastic cup of tzatziki sauce... not for me. The green beans are great for a side though. Also, they have seating on the patio and they allow smoking there... eh.
I wake myself up sometimes, licking my lips from dreams of their kibbeh sandwiches. I haven't lived in Ann Arbor for over three years, but memories of Jerusalem Garden still have a physical hold on me. That's how good they are. Yum.
Meh.

Not bad but definitely not amazing either. It's a good place to get your Mediterranean fix if you're in the mood. I usually get their chicken shawarma plate and it's pretty decent except for the fact that they don't really give you a large quantity of it. I've gotten more food (with better quality) at other places for about the same price.

I've tried their shawarma wraps too and they're okay, but then again I've been spoiled from growing up eating at amazing shawarma places in Houston.
Love the pita sandwich! it's filling and well priced. Chicken and hummus is tasty too.
Awesome spot to grab some quick grub. Right off the subway stop at 125th & Broadway. Very reasonable, yummy lamb gryos and falafel. Be sure to ask to hold the cucumber on the falafel or tomatoes on the sandwiches if you aren't a fan. Gentleman at the counter was very amiable and mentioned that the place has free wifi.
A friend of mine tried to convince me that this place was different from Falafel Palace, so I went there for a little taste comparison.

My friend was wrong. I've ordered the lamb shawarma twice and both orders were very inconsistent. Whereas the first shawarma had tender, tasty, fatty meat, the first shawarma's had small amounts of meat. By contrast, the second time I  ordered, the shawarma had more meat, but the meat was a bit tougher-- perhaps was sitting a bit longer than I thought? I must commend them for the  tzatziki sauces applied both times I ordered the sandwich- plentiful and tangy.

 This is a place to go to with a few friends and that has filling portions ( despite the lack of meat the first time I ordered!).  A place to go to if you have a hankering  for  some lamb and want to be filled.

My recommendation: Falafel Palace is only a few blocks away....make the sacrifice, walk to Central Sq. and try Falafel Corner's lamb shawarma. Your tummy will not be disappointed!
My friend kept raving about this place. "It's a Market, but they serve food." He's Persian, Iranian or whatever he claimed to be that day, but he knows his food. He's also friends with the people with the owners.

One day he showed up with some food. I'm not sure what he gave me, but it was basmati rice, salad and something veggie.
Everything was really good, and the portions were huge.
These reviews are out of date.   As of  the summer of 2010 Albaraki has moved to Cohoes...133 Remsen St.   Still the original owners, Paul and Simone.  The first in the Capital District to bring Lebanese food to American pallets.
Yummy yummy in my tummy.  Whenever I'm craving falafel, hummus or anything light and Mediterranean-like; East Side Pockets is the place to be.  I've never had a bad experience here, except for maybe the occasional line out the door situation; but I suppose that's not really a bad sign, right?  Anyway, some of the best stuff around.  Hands down!
If you are out and hungry after 10, just drive to Shawarma King! even though you never tasted the Mediterranean food..I say just drive there...

You can understand from my above comments, that I m a regular and yes, the person there also recognizes me :)..its right on university district..if you are a vegan, or non-vegan, I would order falafel for you..they are so fresh and tasty,,they melt in your mouth! even if its 12 in the night, they are fresh and melt!

this is my regular order..but the kabab chicken is pretty good! my friends also love the shawarma for obvious reasons..:)

The ambience is like a street food style..price is reasonable ..and amazing food! :)
I went here all the time when I was in Austin this summer.

First of all, the people here are so nice! While I was waiting for my food, I was looking at all the different currencies they had on the wall, and they kindly identified some of them for me. They're really funny, and patient if you're a first-timer.

The food is also great, well worth the wait. They may seem expensive but they serve a lot, and $8 for dinner doesn't seem too bad.

One of the things I miss most about Austin is Kismet. You should check it out!
Good place to eat. Good place to drink. Good place to hear some live jams, upstairs or down.
Favorite Zankou location. GARLIC! GARLIC! GARLIC!
mmmm..... :)
This place is cool. I've never ordered food here. I once ordered a drink . . .way back when and it was horrible! I hear they have since lost their liquor license.  We used to come here to wind down after a night of drinking and partying and it was great. The DJ spinned all night until we were all ready to crash.

The hookah seems great to me, but I'm not a hard core smoker. Admittedly a little pricey for hookah, but they do have to pay the rent. I've always had pretty good service and I can't really complain about anything. This place is exactly what I expected and the crowd seems fun enough.

I'll keep coming back until they give me a reason not to.
Delicious!  There is something special about the skin -- salty, crisy but gooey at the same time.  The chicken is a good texture, not too dry but not too wet.

The prices are also very good.  I like!
Great establishment in Oakland. The owner is super friendly, and only puts the freshest in the dishes. They truly are the best and authentic Middle Eastern establishment in Pittsburgh. Not only are the dishes top quality, but the prices are cheap and student-budget friendly!
Good addition to the neighborhood! Tried falafel plate and beef shawarma.  Both were very tasty although portions were small. Skip the spinach pastry/pie--it was dry with little spinach and overpriced.
My friend took me here for the first time and we gotta veggie and a chicken falafel and it was fucking good!! I really liked how speedy the service was with one person working. I will be coming here again to try the deserts/pastries.
I got the gyro and chicken plate which is served over yellow rice with a side of hummus, pita bread, and a cucumber salad. The chicken was a little dry, but other than that, this was a very good Halal fast food meal. The gyro meat was nice and greasy as it should be. If you like a little bit of spice, ask them for a side of their hot sauce. It's really strong so I mixed it in with the yogurt sauce and (ranch?) sauce they included with the order.
I've been here twice for lunch. Once I got the lunch special, once I got the lamb plate. It's overpriced, and the lunch special had one piece of meat in it. The nerve! 

I guess the food is OK here. For Kendall square, it is an alright option, but they have a little bit of a captive audience since there are such poor lunch options in Kendall.
Best falafel I've had in Los Angeles and i couldn't be happier that they serve basterma too.  

I've gone two weekends in a row and will most likely go back again this weekend.

I'd addicted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
STORYTIME!

One day, my sister (who was a UCI student at the time) decided to take a lad who missed his orientation to the school around campus. They get to talking and she finds out he's Lebanese. My sister gets excited and asks him if he likes Zankou Chicken (she loves.LOOOOOVES Zankou). He scoffed and shook his head and replied, "Asking me if I like Zankou Chicken is like asking a Mexican if he likes Taco Bell."

But that didn't break my sister's love for this place. And it didn't mine either. Yet another place that prevents me from becoming vegetarian; They do chicken right. I'm all about the white meat plate or the wrap, partnered up with my sister we get the half chicken or she gets the schwarma wrap and I the chicken and we share. I've never had their falafel, and I'm big on falafel but I just...can't...stay away...from chicken...

Next best thing: Garlic spread. I have to restrain myself from using it all on one bite. I can almost say that the chicken wouldn't be anything if not for the garlic spread. I'm surprised I haven't bought the 8oz. tub to take home and put on EVERYTHING. Lots of restraint on my part.

And Zankou has introduced two new and crazy things: Turkey (which is just as tasty but drier than chicken as turkey is) and they now accept credit card (a very dangerous thing indeed). Come for the Beck reference, stay for the everything else.
Went here for the first time today with my roommate while we were strolling through the village.

I got the veggie wrap with hummus - a foot long with avocado, bell peppers, cucumbers, lettuce... it was delicious! My roomie also got a wrap - the caesar wrap, I think it was - and enjoyed that too. I was sooo happy because it was flavor-packed, healthy, and most importantly, filling! Well worth my $6. 

I took a star off for the decor because it was pretty sparse. But it was clean, which is great! And they did have some Christmas-y music playing while we were sitting and eating lunch, which was pleasant :)

The owner (or the owner's wife, perhaps?) is very patient and sweet. She helped us pick out what to get and checked to see if we liked it, too! I love mom-and-pop places! :)

It's my first time here, but I'll be sure to come back to try more - for being priced as it is, it was delicious!
The best falafel in Philly, and possibly the nicest man you will ever meet. That's about all there is to say.
I didn't really eat here - though, I've heard great things about the food - so my review is more about the Downstairs.

I came here to see one of my friends' bands play (djatmaterra) and it was my first time in the club.  It was smaller than I expected, but I loved it.  I love more intimate clubs like that.  There are 2 bars (great beer selection) with TVs (gotta keep an eye on the sox score) and random places to sit.  Nothing like being able to watch a great show and still be able to step back from the screaming and jumping to have a beer (without having to leave the scene) and a seat on the side.  It gets crazy hot down there, but don't you sweat like crazy at *any* show?
I had the falafel wrap at this place last week.  The restaurant was clean and well maintained.  It seemed to be a family affair.  However I was underwhelmed with the falafel.  First let me just say that I prefer the falafel in a pita.  However no one up here does it that way.  I have to go back home to NYC for that.  

And it seemed to be a very light sandwich.  It was not a lot of food for the price.  So I finished quickly, and was left underwhelmed.  I'd eat there again if was walking by, but wouldn't travel for this place.  

The search continues.
This is my favorite restaurant in the world. I love everyone that works here and I love waiting in line on the weekends to dine here. Eggs florentine for life.
Good falafel. Good gyros. Great prices. Nice people. An institution.
Try it out even if you don't like the stuff they sell in the grocery stores. It all seems to taste better when served by someone you can call dude or bro.
Yea, this place rocks! Best chicken in pasadena, hummus is good.. We tried half chicken plate, chicken kebab plate, and  tri-tip wrap. Although tri-tip was perhaps too much well-done (almost like plastic texture), chicken tasted very good...highly recommended...
I am definitely sold on this lil joint.

1)  it's 24 hrs.

2)  great olives in the back (fantastic for a cheap olive tapenade).

3)  delicious $1 samosas.

4)  it's 24 hrs AND delicious $1 samosas?!!

haven't tried any of their other prepared foods, but i asked the guy behind the counter and he let me know that they generally make their fresh pitas at around noon-1pm.
I'm with Ladyjane. What happened here??!?

 I used to dream about the babaghanooj here it was so good. I worked down the street and frequented Falafel Palace at least twice a week.  The staff was friendly, the food was cheap and delicious. They knew me and my order. Fast forward 2 years and I stopped by yesterday to have the sandwich I missed so much.  Pressed slightly on the grill, full of baba ghanooj and pomegranate seeds.  While the location is the same I am guessing ownership has changed. It's slightly remodeled, the prices are slightly higher, the staff and the recipes have changed.  My sandwich was cold and limp. No pomegranate seeds.

I'm so sad :(
dangerously close to my office and they used to cater once-a-week. this quiet little lunch spot explodes at 12:30-1 and the line literally goes out the door. 

everytime i go, i get the 3 choice vegetarian plate with rice and lentils, chickpea salad and whatever i'm feeling for the third choice ffor a cool $8.25. Sometimes they throw in a pita, sometimes they don't. It's a big amount of food for the money. 

The staff is suuupper friendly and the line goes super fast. 

Also, they usually have a special-- they always look good. 

plus, dont judge me, the fries and cookies are deeelishh!!
Brookline Lunch is my go-to on Sunday mornings.  Their grilled cheese sandwiches are amazing, and the prices are pretty fantastic (cheap!).  They used to have a strangely awesome mystery-fruit jam that they served with eggs and toast, which you should ask for if it isn't served.  The only weird thing about this place is the art, which is utterly horrific and hilarious.  Because it's so uniformly bad, whether it's photography or painting, it's kind of awesome to look at and ponder over eggs...
Okay I would have given this place 3 to 4 stars if they weren't so rude!  So on that day we were looking for a place nearby and saw this little hole.  We debated because it looks run down without a main sign above the store, but we saw the Yelp loves us sign so I said at least that is a good sign!
(http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/11/bella-pita-attitude-needs-improvement.html)

So we went in and saw a review displayed.  Of course Fiona and I start taking some photos since we wanted to Yelp about it.  The guy rudely said that no photos are allowed.  A little taken aback we stopped immediately.  Okay this place is a freaking HOLE, what are they afraid of?  We were in a good mood that soon turned sour.  He wasn't friendly and then I saw the sign on the condiment bar saying how you can't come back more than once.  This immediately reminded me of those Nazi behavior signs.  Dude, you guys need to chill out.

Fiona and I went outside to take our photo so take that! It's basically an open space, the door is right next to the counter.  I ordered the lamb and steak pita.  The lamb pita was a little dry and flavorless.  The steak pita was much better flavored and more tender.  People here talk about the prices being so great, but I think they are just normal.  When I look around there for lunch time, I probably can get a full meal versus a small pita for the same price.  It's not that great of a deal around Westwood but just normal price.  

I don't think this place is anything so special that I would die without and overlook the attitude.  Come on! It's LA, I can find much better food and better prices easily.
okay.. so talk about legitness

i've lived in and around westwood for about four years now..i must have passed by this place in my car at least a hundred times.  no idea where it was before i ventured out tonight. let me say i'm glad i found it!

i figured i should get the basic falafel pita--a choice i do not regret! delicious. but the trick is (since the suggestion is you should only hit the salad/sauce bar only once) you should put sauce first over the three falafel patties before adding any veggies; thus your pita is not so basic when you get down to the bottom.  a trick i must try next time.  also ordered the fried cauliflower, a little salty, but the salt really brings out the cauliflower flavor--plus the saltiness adds to/compliments the 'healthy' flavors of the pita.

must try their bake-to-order wowshi next time around!

another plus is the availability of authentic coca-cola(r) from mexico.  real sugar [greater than] corn stuff.

all in all, legitness!
So surprised that the reviews for Amir's are so low on yelp!
I've been here a couple times for lunch with friends after class.
I usually get the falafel combo and it always comes out with just the right amount of crunch and flavor. The fries are always hot and perfectly cooked. Arguably at the level of many falafel places in Israel, and better than many falafel places in this city (i.e Maoz, Pita Joe's etc)
However, the last time I went with my SO, he was pretty underwhelmed by the chicken shawarma.
All in all, a decent place run by nice people and pretty fairly priced good food (even without the Columbia student discount).
I finally, finally used my Groupon.  And I wish I'd never bought it.  

In short- stay away from the food.

My boyfriend and I went to the restaurant for dinner.  Service was non-existent- we sat for at least fifteen minutes before a waiter showed up, so we ordered the drinks, appetizer and food all at once.  They all showed up at once (drinks and app slightly after the entrees), fifteen to twenty minutes later.  

My boyfriend had the vegetarian eggplant dish, which was bland and served over very watery rice pilaf.  My tofu couscous was entirely uninteresting- the tofu was just grilled with no flavor at all, the veggies didn't taste fresh, and the couscous, while unfluffed, was at least cooked in some sort of broth.  I relied on the couscous and the chickpeas (difficult to screw up) to fill me.  

The vegetarian grape leave appetizer (reviewed after the entrees, just as they were served) were okay, but a little overly greasy.  

I really don't know why you would choose to eat here.  Please stick to the music and the drinks if you go!
Wow! Thank you to yelp I came here on my lunch break! This place gets a lot of customers so I was worried I would be late to work but NOPE, their service was quick and great. 

I ordered the chicken kabob plate, very tasty! I will be visiting this place soon!
I visited Kismet a few weeks ago on a Saturday afternoon for a gyro and it was a mixed experience - the gyro I had was pretty tasty, and was fairly substantial, in terms of size, but the service was lacking. It looked like there were two guys working and they were taking their sweet time serving everyone. Business appeared to be brisk, but not packed or anything - it took them (I counted) 20 minutes to prep one gyro to go.

It seemed weird to me because the kitchen was really quiet, not a "busy" kitchen by any stretch of the imagination - I just wonder what part of making a gyro takes 20 minutes to happen...? The gyro was meaty and the flatbread was tasty, and that probably saved Kismet from a lower rating because of the glacial pace. 

I think I will have to try the Italian Longhorn next time I have a hankering for a gyro (never been there), unless I can make it up to Milto's, where I can get good gyros and other Italian/Mediterranean fixins.
A friend showed me around Troy, NY during a work trip to Albany. A very cool little city on the rise. She was excited to take me to this turkish place.  I checked the online reviews and was a bit wary, but I'm glad I trusted the friend. Not only was the decor lovely and the staff VERY friendly (only suggestion: the lights are too bright for my New York City dining-eyes), but the food was outstanding. IMHO, it's hard to find a decent restaurant in this area (save the wine bar and bistro on Lark in Albany proper and Dinosaur BBQ in Troy)--this one is a keeper.  We shared the lavash with a lovely yogurt sauce that I'm still trying to figure out in my mind, apricot nectar mixed with seltzer water, and I had an iskender kofte, which was delicious. The portions were so huge, I couldn't finish it. The lavash was like a huge puffy-fish when it came to the table, a real treat! My only regret: not getting some baklava to go!
I am at a loss for how this place has 4 stars.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong item.  This was the worst chicken shawerma I have ever had, and it is a food I love.  The sauce has little flavor and is soupy.  The chicken isn't that great.  This does not hold a candle to my favorite hole-in-the-wall chicken shawerma in Orange (Sassoon Chicken).
Funny how my husband bought me a lamb gyro and it has a wrapping a round it.. Everytime I would endeavor into it I would push up from the bottom as if it were a push pop...

It seemed like the gyro was bottom less.. There was more and more. i couldn't even eat it all and the sauce is powerful and zesty in your mouth.
I would have to say.. they have one of the best gyros I have ever tasted.. 
Very filling; affordable; open really late -- let's note other than burger hut across the street.. they're the few still open even at 2 am..

Yummy for my tummy..
I've never really been happy with anything I've ordered at Aceituna, which is a bit disappointing since it's very close to where I work. Yesterday I got a falafel wrap from Sepal at the Cambridgeside Galleria which was really yummy, so today I tried the same thing at Aceituna and it was actually mildly unpleasant.
My mom HATES "foreign food".

But, I was able to convince her to eat at Jerusalem Garden.  She slurped her lentil soup, and loved the fattoush and even sampled some "weird hippie hummus""  

She loved it.

I loved it because I'm a vegetarian and I get full and this menu caters to my needs!
I order from Ed's a lot.  The pizza (which to me tastes bettter than Papa John's) is hit or miss.  Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are just okay.  I prefer the small pizzas over the large pizzas.

The cheese steaks are just okay.  The wings are actually pretty decent/Ed's sauce has an inviting taste lol.   A major plus is the delivery time and fee.  OVERALL: 3/5
I used to grab a quick bite here fairly often between classes, and I don't think falafel was ever bad. Admittedly I'm not a falafel fan to begin with but for the price, it was always a good and satisfying lunch, especially compared to other options in the area.
I have been driving past this place for many years and never stopped in.  Well, my hunger pangs hit me at JUST the right moment as I was driving by so I finally decided to give this place a shot.

I walked in, told them I needed to eat their most delicious food item and the guy said, "get the Ahmo's Gyro".  So, I did.

They put lamb, beef, and chicken into this thing.  Next time, I'm going to ask if they can use all lamb because it was easily the most tender and flavorful meat.  Oh yum.  He was right.  This is a damn good gyro.  The chicken and beef weren't bad, but not as tender or flavorful.

The standout part about the gyro was that it wasn't doused with garlic sauce.  Most other places that make gyros drench the pita in garlic sauce, almost making the entire sandwich taste like a mayo/garlic sandwich.  Ahmo's didn't need to pull that trick given the fact that their ingredients stand on their own without the overpowering of garlic.

Another side point:  All along one of the side walls is a fridge filled with various beverages.  I almost felt like I was walking into a convenience store.  That surprised me, but then I saw that they had Diet Coke Lime in a 20 oz bottle.  Oh snap!  I've walked into a dozen convenience stores in Ann Arbor and no Diet Coke Lime for moi.

So, I'm going to stop in to Ahmo's...for both the gyro and my Diet Coke Lime.
I go just for the lamb shank -- very good.
Ordered the chicken kebab and beef kebab plates and they were both tasty! Great value and speedy service. Would definitely return for more.
Delicious food, very reasonable prices and friendly, helpful staff.
Food Sucks, Hookah sucks, Crowd usually sucks. I went to UCLA for 4 years and visited this place once, gypsy's across the street is only slightly better.
Most delicious (and the fastest) lunch in Pasadena. I seriously can't get enough of the Chicken Kabob plate. With the swarms of people, I'm always shocked that the owners remember me, and remember my order! Other reviews say the falafel is not so hot, and to be honest, I've never tried it. Everything I've tasted is AMAZING.
for shows and the bar, this place is great.

for food, forget it. the service is horrifyingly slow and neglectful.
Was in the area, was craving kabob, yelped and found this place with rave reviews. Okay so the second I walked in, the place wreaked of B.O(body odor)  and i'm not sure, if it was a customer in there that smelled horrible, or if it was the food. Anyway, ordered chicken kabob plate. the portions are huge! hummus was fantastic. chicken was just a little dry, but no biggie. was it the best kabob plate i've ever had? No, was it good for the price? Yes. Will I be back? Probably, I work just a few minutes away, hopefully it doesn't smell next time :/
I'm from the Crimean city of Yalta (on the Black Sea) and had heard all about Stixs. So when I was on UT campus for a business meeting (isn't that where ALL business meetings are, on college campuses?), I HAD to try it out.

Frankly, I'm glad to see that many (though seemingly not all) of the obviously fake reviews for Stixs have been removed.  Not sure how that happened but kudos to Kevin or Stixs or whomever removed them.

I'm actually NOT a Russian businessman.  I'm a Realtor here in town and was showing some campus-area condos to a client so I thought I'd give Stixs a shot and write an ACTUAL (*gasp*) review.

The atmosphere was pretty cool... simple, clean, but interesting.  The prices seemed a little high... I paid almost $10 for water, two shish-k-bobs, some mashed potatoes, and the sauce of my choice.  The person who took my order (counter service) was friendly and helpful and recommended the Argentina Chimicurri sauce.

So I had one skewer of 3 shrimp, one skewer of 4 pieces of chicken (both included various veggies) and it was good.  Frankly the Chimicurri sauce was AWESOME.

Overall, I'd eat there again because the food was really good.. like almost 5 star good.  But I think it's a little overpriced... I feel like I should be able to get a meal and a drink for around $10 when I'm essentially on campus and don't have a waiter.  So points off for that and the fact that they were out of the salmon (my first order).

I'd say my first Stixs experience was worth 4 stars.  But even though many of the fake reviews have disappeared, I'm compelled to remove a star for the ones that remain.

I hope this place gets the pricing and marketing down and makes it because the food is quite good.
I think I hear an echo.  Oh wait, that's just the name of the restaurant.  Pita Pita is really good.  They've got roasted vegetables, shawarma, kabobs, rice, salad, soups, baklava, hummus, and yes, you guessed it, pita!  I mean pita pita.

I once ordered this for a management meeting (my office is nearby) and my large order was ready to go and error-free when I got there 20 minutes later.  They gave me little individual servings of fresh pita and pita chips in plastic bags and I asked them to throw in a couple more so that each person at our meeting could have his own baggie.  

I recommend taking out.  The inside is bad news.  Uncomfortable seating reminiscent of fast food joints and Cramped with a capital C.  But the food is delicious, the staff is kind and competent, and the price is right.
i had the falafel wrap here and it was like $4. it was extremely good ! however the chicken shwerma wrap i did not like so much. the flavor just wasnt there, or maybe i just wasnt in the moment. i do, from the experience recommend you not order that. 

parking is horrendous at lunch time also
I was really disappointed with the service. I go to the middle east often to check out bands, but last night we went for dinner, drinks and open mic. The bartender/waiter was careless. The following things happened:
1) Our pitcher was waay too foamy. We were 4 people, and the pitcher only filled 3 beers. What a disappointment. 
2) We ordered another pitcher of something else, maybe it was just a new keg or something.. unfortunately something had happened to the draft and they can only serve bottles. I work in the service industry.. I know stuff like this happens- no biggie. We'll take sam in bottles..
3) 15 minutes later: no sam in bottles? Hmmm.. okay PBR- lets be cheapskates.  
4) Another 15 minutes later: Bartender/waiter informs us that they don't have PBR either. 
5) We eventually found a beer they DID have however replacements took way too long to enjoy the buzz. 

The food was awesome. Rice and Kibbeh was great, the burger was delicious. The open mic was a little disappointing, although the MC did perform at the end and he sang some great tunes. I want to come back again- hopefully the bad service was just a one time thing.
I love how people eat a t a restaurant that's also a nightclub and then complain that the music was "too loud", WTF? I love the falafel here, one of the best in the city. I've always gotten pretty good service, esp for a place so crowded.
I always end up getting the falafel pita - don't recall ever trying anything else. The falafels are quite spicy with a recognisable chickpea taste, though they could be crunchier. Other fillings are good, especially the tahini. The pita is wholly generic. Overall, not as good as Holy Land's but better than all others I've tried.

NB: Karl, my olive connoisseur officemate, think the complimentary olives here are outstanding.
This place will blow your mind.

The woman who's the main waitress is the most motherly woman I've ever met in a restaurant. She smiles when she brings your water, when she takes your order, when she brings your food, when she sees if you need anything else... it's like being at your grandmother's house or something.

And the food! Unreal breakfast served all day. The omelets are the perfect size-- giant, but you can finish it without feeling over-stuffed and yet be full until dinner. The home fries come with veggies (zucchini, tomato,  broccoli), and are delicious. People rave about the homemade jam-- it might be an acquired taste that I don't have, so try it and don't listen to me. 

Yeah, Cafe Luna and Sonsie's have awesome brunch, but this place is REAL. Given the price and the fact that this is awesome, delicious food served by my favorite waitress ever, this may be one of my favorite places in Boston.
ew. 

and the woman was a snot.
Tzatziki on my gyro.
Tzatziki on the bench I was sitting on.
Tzatziki on the book I was reading.
Tzatziki on the ground.
Tzatziki all over my face.

But no tzatziki on my 'business casual' garb, yay!

I'm no gyro expert, but I've had a few in my day and if I didn't know any better, I'd say this was one of the best gyros I've had. 

I can only give thanks to my fellow Yelpers as I'm working in the U-District this week and was looking for some good grub and found the great reviews for Aladdin's.  They're all right!

Loaded with lamb, lettuce, other goodness and of course, tzatziki, my gyro was fantastic.  A forewarning, however!  Take the gyro out of it's pale yellow wrapping at your own risk, as you may very well lose half your gyro to the tzatziki gnomes!

I also appreciated how most of the prices come out to even dollar amounts - gyro, $5; gyro + fries, $6.
I don't wanna make it, I don't have time to go to Boston, I didn't take cash out today, so I end up at Falafel Palace.
Big falafel wraps for four bucks.

It's not the best quality, or taste, but it's there and I eat it.
The only problem with this place is that they are only located in South CA. Someday I will try their falafels, Shawarmas, and Kabobs. In the mean time I can not get enough of their Grilled Chicken. It is heavenly. The Skin is flavorful, and crispy the interior is moist. I order the  1/2 chicken, took it to my hotel room. It comes with Humus, Pita bread, Tomato-pickled beta salad, and do not forget to make sure you get the garlic sauce.  They also have basmati rice; which would be an excellent side to this dish.  On top f all that you could get Pepsi or Perrier.
A solid 3.5 stars but not quite a 4. 

All three of us had the combination platter, which came with a generous portion of salad (with pickles and peppers and feta cheese and other deliciousness.. ), rice and lentils, syrian bread (meh.. wish they gave us pita), and a less generous portion of your choice of 2 meats (I got the gyro and beef steak kabob.. wish I had gotten just gyro).

Things I liked:
- Really clean
- Staff was really nice
- Got my food super fast which was clutch because I was starving
- Salad was fresh and plentiful and yummy
-  Gyro was good

Things I didn't like:
- Beef steak kabob - dry
- Wish they gave more meat for the $$$ (~$8 for the platter)

Not bad but I think I had better gyros in some mall food court in South Jersey... but would probably come back especially after a night of drinking.
Naan isn't fresh anymore. 

I erased my downgraded review a few months ago b/c I received a message from the Krazi Kebob saying that we could get it fresh upon request and that they wanted all of their customers to be happy. Well, apparently the message was false--rejected. No more fresh naan! Still good, though...but no longer amazing =(
Tasty lamb shawarma and open late, but service is very questionable.  As Brian S. noted, one of the punks there gave a lot of uncalled for attitude when we asked for water.
I don't know why people love this place so much.  The food is mediocre, and while it is not very expensive, they also don't give that much.  Of all the good places in Westwood (including 2 other pita places) this place simply doesn't cut it.
The chicken kabob and beef kabob plates with rice and hummus are THE best!  The service is really fast.  Your meal will be ready before you can break out your wallet.  Lunchtime here is insane, but well worth the wait.  Oh how I wish I still worked down the street from this place.
A few months ago I would have given Bella Pita 5 stars, but since the owner's son is not the main guy there anymore, things are not quite as wonderful.  Don't get me wrong, the place is still awesome! Especially for $4.50! 
I love their falafel, definitely the best falafel in Westwood, maybe even in all of LA. Their pita bread is also great, very warm and soft, always tastes fresh. I especially love the toppings bar. You can fill up your falafel sandwich just how you like it. All the ingredients are very fresh, the sauces are really good too.
It's a shame when the highlight of your dining experience is crapping the food back out--finally ridding yourself of it. One of my spuds tasted like genitals and all of my spuds were soggy. My iced coffee was even worse. It was wicked hot and the waitstaff and some dingleberries at the next table kept bumpin into my chair. I felt nauseous the rest of the day and then made what seemed like a furious pee from my butthole.
Best. Falafel. Ever.

You could order other items from Jerusalem Garden's menu. I had some of them, and they usually are good. But why? The falafels are just so absolutely fantastic. (For a reference point: they are better than, for example, Mamoun's in New York.) Get falafels with hummus and hot sauce, and you have a fantastic meal for ~$5.
This place was great.
Its pretty much exactly what you would expect. the wraps are solid and tasty, but won't blow your mind. but in the middle of the night with really good prices, it is often exactly what you need.
One of Austin's best kept secret.
Dine in or take out you can't beat their felafel's($5), or any of their food for that mater. Try the tabouli. Overall the price is right and so is the speed.
Yes, they microwave their falafel- but it's good falafel. Very flavorful, and the sauce is good. The schawarma, however, is freshly sliced and extremely tasty. Kibbeh sandwich is quite good, too. The plates are very tasty and come with salad and pilaf (i think). The pita bread they use seems to be pretty good quality- not the chewy stuff that some places serve. The fresh squeezed carrot juice is really refreshing on a hot day, too. I'd definitely recommend this place to my friends, although it's not quite as excellent as Moody's.
You will not be disappointed by the incredibly cheap and tasty breakfasts here. Omlettes are large and home fries come with grilled fresh veggies. Weekends are busy so be prepared to wait if you come toward noon. The hollandaise on the eggs benedict is surprisingly delicious given that this doesn't seem like the kind of place you order that dish (especially for its price). Service is quick but harried, so grab the server's attention if you are in a hurry.
I have no idea why this place received such a high rating! I've tried both the chicken and beef - SOOO DRY and lacking flavor (you have to drench it in sauce)! I've had much better, especially at those price points for lunch!
Not "blow your mind" good, but probably one of the better meals I've had in Ann Arbor so far on a student budget. There's no reason to get the combo plate unless you're starving, the wraps are plenty filling and tasty. Nice sit down spot where you can get a somewhat healthy $7-$8 meal. There are lots of vegetarian options. My only complaint is the smell - why does it smell like the soap section at Whole Foods?
The falafel was dry and not very crisp. I got a falafel wrap and it was more salad (iceberg lettuce and few tomatoes/cucumbers) than falafel. I only counted 2 falafel balls. Overall wasn't impressed and wouldn't go back unless desperate.
Sadly, they have closed, as of September 1st, 2010:

http://www.diamondbackonline.com/news/pita-plus-closes-without-explanation-1.1550956

http://washingtonjewishweek.com/main.asp?SectionID=57&SubSectionID=76&ArticleID=13312&TM=32678.03
Thank you Yelpers for this one. "Wowshis" here are realllly good. Good pita, good chicken, good veg and fillings. Good value too. Customize your pita how you want.

There are only 2-3 stools for this hole in the wall joint. So prepare to get take out or stand when they're busy.

A friend just moved nearby so I will definitely be back for more Wowshi action.
I Love Jerusalem Garden - it is a fun place with heavenly food, staffed by friendly, upbeat people, who work magic.

I walked out of the restaurant the night before U of M's commencement because it was completely packed, and I figured I'd get a coffee someplace not so busy - I can go to JG any day.  The owner followed me out, asked me was there something I wanted, and hooked me up with a coffee in the middle of the chaos - that's customer care.

I am a chicken schwarma sandwich fiend - and, as I indicated above, I'll brave chaos for their coffee.

Salaam!
I taste all the varieties, all delicious, but I expect that Aelchorma the best dish they have is my favorite
The best.

I always go for the chicken shawarma, a gyro made with love by one of the guys who have consistently made me the best sandwiches time after time year after year.  

First they warm/grill the bread so it's perfectly crunched.  Then they take chicken from the totally sanitary-appearing food bin and grill it along with tomatoes and onions.  That all goes on the pita (the thick kind, not pita pocket kind) with their secret sauce and a few shakes of magic red spices.  

Then it's wrapped and presented for you to enjoy.  

Now, I'm sure there might be other gyro huts around that serve food that's just as good, but this place consistently, over many years, has never failed to deliver the best chicken shawarma ever.  Second, the guys seem really nice in a reserved sort of way and seem to appreciate what they're serving.

This is a hole-in-the-wall sort of place so don't expect squeaky clean.  But that's ok as the kitchen looks clean and if you watch the guys cook you can tell they're really focused on adhering to food department rules.  

The next time you're in the U District stop by here.
That place was horrible. I just had breakfast there. I got the breakfast special (3 pankcakes, ham, hash browns). Though the lady was very nice, they OVERdid the cinnamon powder. I asked for it to be removed. I was given another set of pancakes half the size, no hash browns, and the pancakes were VERRRYYY undercooked. I basically ate warm, brunt-tasting batter. This decor is as described. I wouldn't trust this place to even make my coffee. I understand the place is affordable but don't risk food poisoning for cheap food.
This place has very tasty wraps (definitely try the Lamb Shwarma (sp?)). The prices are decent, and it has a nice mom-and-pop feel to it (the owner is super friendly). They also accept credit cards.
Meh. I had the Veggie sandwich, which was supposed to be good for the price point.  I read on Serious Eats that the Veggie was $3.50, but it was actually $4.85.  If it had been $3.50, I would have been more willing to grab this again sometime in the future when I was looking for something quick and cheap.  

However, for almost $5 I'm not interested in mushy, greasy vegetables, pretty bland flavor, and canned beets. I normally love canned beets, but it was really bad that they were by far the most flavorful part of the sandwich.  Yelp reviews said there were various great hot sauces on the tables - there were two, and they were both really bland as well.  They seemed old.  

I probably won't go back.  If I did, I would perhaps try a platter, and steer very clear from the Veggie.
I have been coming to this place ever since I started living in the SGV.  It's good, don't get me wrong.  But the low rating?  I'll explain in the Staff and Verdict sections.  here is my review:

WHAT I ORDERED:
I usually get 
- the 1/2 chicken (not the meal)
- 1 extra pita
- (depending on if I went work out before and I am hungry) a couple of falafels

I recently tried the basmati rice and I am really not a fan.  I equate basmati rice more with Indian food more so than Mediterranean food.  Maybe it was Marco Polo's doing, who knows.

The chicken is pretty good.  The meat is pretty juicy and tender.  But, as mentioned before, there are better places in the SGV (see my other reviews).

STAFF
Ok, I don't open cans of verbal whoop arse on places.  But this is one that definitely deserves it.

The ladies behind the counter look like they don't want to be there and I am beginning to wonder if these ladies have teeth or dimples.  Note to the workers, it would be nice to smile sometimes.  It might encourage someone some day.  But, seriously, this "treat customers like Yahoo or Disney" mentality won't fly with a lot of people.  If this was an isolated incident at this location, I would be a little bit more gracious.  But I think that this DMV-esque attitude is prevalent at all the locations.


VERDICT:
I usually come here when other people suggest it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
This place is great!  The food is delicious and the owner is a really nice guy.  Not the cheapest food in Pittsburgh, but definitely worth it.  My personal favorite is the Chicken Shish-Kebab.  The meat is seasoned great, charred on the outside and tender on the inside.  I never thought chicken could be cooked that perfectly.  The rice pilaf that accompanies it is great too, and the salad is a good complement to the other flavors in the dish.
Mmm... LOVED their falafel!

I ordered the half roasted chicken plate, and even though it was good, I wanted all of my friend's falafel, hehe. Thankfully she was in the giving mood and I got like 2 of them!

Great hummus, sesame sauce, and garlic sauce.  Despite those great sauces/sides, I prefer the salad dressing at other mediterranean places.  The dressing seemed to be just some olive oil, maybe a little vinegar, and lots of herbs.  I prefer mediterranean dressing with some feta and a little less herbs, but there was nothing drastically bad about the dressing--I just got used to the dressing at my local shawarma place :)

If I'm ever driving through Claremont, I'd probably stop by again!

edit: I was just notified that this is my 200th review!  I didn't even realize, haha.  Woohoo!
Thank you YELP! 

Score!!!! 

This place lives up to it's hype. Fresh, Fast, and Fabulous! 

I may be a whitey but I know my Mediterranean and this is better than most high end Med restaurants. it's just simple and GOOD! Great prices for a ton of food. I highly recommend.
Edit 11/17/2008:
I think this place changed owners and the food has suffered. I've had two falafel sandwiches and a lentils and rice sandwich in the past month after not eating here for a couple months. There are different staff in the kitchen - no longer the friendly guy who'd say "nice to see you!" - and the sandwiches have all been a disappointment, which is heartbreaking, since this was previously some of the best middle eastern food i'd had in seattle. Rating goes down to a 2.

Original review 4/10/2008:
I'm from southeastern Michigan, so I am used to having good Lebanese restaurants all over the place. I've been disappointed with what I've found out here in Seattle. Cedars is the best I've tried, so far. Next I'll try the one across the street. 

I uploaded a photo to show what I ordered. The hummous was probably the best I've tried in Seattle, and that's generally what I use to judge a place, because I'm an ardent hummous lover (and critic - I've tried some awful stuff out here). The baba ghannouj was also very good, though some mouthfuls seemed to have a slight moldiness - it wasn't consistent, and didn't compete with the good taste, so it didn't bother me. I was very happy to see that they present the dips swimming in olive oil as well. I also appreciated that they gave me an appropriate amount of pita bread with my meal rather than too much. 

The service was so fast that I worried the falafel would be one of those pre-cooked and re-heated ones, wasting my time. but it turned out to be pleasantly crispy on the outside, so I'm sure it just came out of the deep fryer. The texture inside was somewhat mushy, but overall a pretty good falafel. 

I liked the wood tables and the cozy space, so I'm sure I'll be back here.
This little gem has the best chicken shawarma wrap ever! it's been 5 years since I've lived in A2, but I have yet to find a place that rivals it. I'm pretty convinced it's the garlic sauce and fries that make the delicious magic happen. 

I've had their beef shawarma before too which was just ok, and bakalva was good. But really the chicken shawarma is all you need to know.
Raw meat sitting out for a long time on the kabob thing...when I asked about it ..was given some lame excuse about cooking it on the grill till blah blah  degrees ..well if it's sitting out before you cook it and looks a funny color it does not matter how high you cook it does it ?.
 I ordered a falafel ..was good..
The secret to some of the world's finest pieces of chicken is.... the sauce, duh.  Zankou knows that and they dish it up quite well in this creamy, garlicky goodness I call heaven.  I have never eaten anything besides chicken there it's that good.  If you're still in doubt listen to Beck who immortalized the goodness of Zankou in his lyrics.
Tried the trip tip plate and chicken shwerma? plate for me and a couple of friends togo.  Very good flavor and juicy meats.  I will definitely return
First I tried the Hummus...bland! I never have really like any of Tom's stuff, but the other night I was having Falafel, from my favorite booth at Sunset Farmer's Market, Aunt Nita, and I decided I really wanted some stuffed grape leaves to go along with it and complete the meal. So instead of going to the CO-OP like I usually do, I went to HEB since it's right behind my house. Come to find they ONLY carry Tom's Stuffed Grape Leaves...I look at my choices and decide I should give Tom one more chance.

Hmmm, Traditional, Curry, and Dill Mint. "Well, not Dill Mint" I think, "We're having a delicious cucumber dill sauce with our meal". "I'll try traditional, and curry, that sounds about right."

So I go home and fix our meal and crack open one of Tom's, the curry first. Hmmm, as I take a bite all the juice comes squirting out...not so good I think. Maybe traditional is better....

Then I take a bite of the traditional and all I can think is, "NUTMEG? Gross who the hell puts NUTMEG into stuffed grape leaves?" Maybe it's good in small amounts and if it's fresh nutmeg, but this was obviously not fresh nutmeg.

BOOOOOOOO on you Tom! 

But maybe one day I will give something else a chance. Never say never right?
Food: Very good
Service: Fast
Price: Pretty cheap

We stopped there for some late night after flying in from Burbank.

Ordered the chicken wrap: $4.29 and delicious! Moist and juicy chicken cooked perfectly and with unique spices. I wanted to eat the whole thing but it was after 9PM...

So I reluctantly gave the bigger half to hubby.

The purple pickle (eaters) that it came with was a little sour for my taste, so I took one bite and ignored the rest.

Must try if you want a GREAT Mediterranean wrap!
I came here with a few friends last Sunday. I got the Tri tip wrap. The meat was tasty but it was pretty greasy overall. My wrap was also slightly soggy. The hummus and the yogurt was quite delicious as well. The best condiment by far was definitely the garlic sauce before that thing on the wrap is BOMB!

The pickled items you receive with the wrap was my cup of tea but I'm sure some people will love it.

This place reminds me of a fast food joint but definitely one of the best mid eastern food joints in Los Angeles.
I discovered Kismet's more than 10 years ago on a search to break a 20.  Five dollars and a life changing experience later, I was back to Le Fun dropping quarters into NFL Blitz.

My main dishes here are the Gyro special, dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) and the Gyro Wrap.

The lamb isnt incredibly moist but sometimes that is what I am in the mood for.  The Gyros are about mid sized what I have gotten in Austin, but very filling.  The Gyro special is great if you are looking for a little greek meal with all of the elements.

The dolmas are amazing and I recommend that everyone try these at least once.

I'll admit I have never understood what took so long at this place but it has never bothered me because I dont come in here wanting to scarf some crap down.  If you are in a rush you probably are in need of a coffee too so just run across to starbucks and get your drink and come back.

However it has been the same dudes working here for years so you know whatever is taking so long, they must know what they are doing.

Make sure to check out the second floor.  It is hard to find because it looks like a janitor's door or something.  On the way to the restrooms, the very first left and up the stairs.

A nice place to check out the mural on the side of what used to be Tower Records and try to figure out what movies all of the pictures are from.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for the Middle East yet!  Anyway, this is a GREAT venue for live shows -- it consistently books some of the best independent bands & artists in the country.  This lends the venue a double-edged-sword quality -- great live shows, but a crowd that tends to be full of underage hipsters.  It ranges from fantastic to insufferable depending on the band (and your mood), but I've hardly been disappointed with any of the shows I've seen, both upstairs and downstairs.  My only real complaint is that the bouncers are AWFUL.  I guess it's their job, but some of them are way more rude than is necessary.  In spite of this, the cheap beer, fantastic spaces, and great location make it one of the best places for live music in Boston/Cambridge.

In addition to the calmer Upstairs and the intimate yet raucous Downstairs, the Corner is great for a more laid-back evening full of jazz or belly dancing.  I've never actually been to ZuZu, but I'd like to try it sometime.
People are right: the service is slow, the food is cheap, and the food tastes  great (their falafel and grape leaves are in particular fantastic).

But you know what?  It's pretty awesome that the family works there, and that they're real, self-employed people.  They've always been cordial, and the atmosphere has always made up for whatever delays there are.
I would come back because of the convenience, but I've definitely had better gyros. The "greek fries" was just french fries plus some cheese on top for a higher price. I can't complain about their portions though. I noticed that my lamb was frozen then cooked, unlike other places where they cut the lamb off from a large chunk that sits on a skewer. They had tables for you to sit and enjoy your food and the place is not too cramped. Good place to go if you want cheap, good, and quick service.
Great and inexpensive..  Chicken, lamb, and falafel wraps are very good as well as hummus and their spinach/meat pies..  The meat is usually tender unless you have the bad luck of getting meat that is close to the spit.
This place is OPEN. We ate here tonight and have in the last few months as well. They expanded into the space next door as well, so it's bigger and there are now about 5 tables to eat at. Before there were 2 mushed into the small space. We have been going here for a few years now.

They are right next to Thai Tom which is at 4543 University Ave. So maybe when a yelper put closed they were moving down the street a block.

I give this restaurarnt 5 on food.

I give them -5 on billing practices. The last 3 times we have gone we have ordered the exact same stuff and the bill was 50% more the 2nd and 3rd time. How can that be? 

The 1st time the guy told me to grab a drink as it was included in the meal deal and he said he'd do a hummus plate for $2 for my kids. Great.

So the next time we go I grab a drink and then there it is on the bill - $2.50 and the humus is $4.50. I called the guy when we got home and he said drinks aren't included and that is the price for hummus.

Fine - be consistent with all the employees!

So tonight we go again and the bill is even more marked up! The guy charges us $2.50 for a salad even though it's included then over 10% for tax! We pointed it out and he took it all off. By phone he wouldn't take anything off. 

So you have to agree upon a price before they start your food order. They will weazle their way into charging as much as they can without you noticing at all. They are good at that! Excellent really. But it leaves a very bad impression in general having such a price variance and not going by what's on the board. They think we don't notice but we have every time. 

Why do we go back again? The food is excellent. Lentil soup is great with a hint of lemon. The hummus is great and the falafel is awesome and the rice with yogurt sauce on top is delicious. 

BUT we know their game now and we will call them on their shady pricing as we have done the last 2 times and be all over our bill - before they fire up the stove.
Good food, great prices. Order the Kafka kabob.
Not totally overrated... With 4 venues, there's something for everyone, from bellydancing to hardcore to up-and-coming bands and bigger underground draws and battles... Ticket prices can be a bit high especially now that it's ticketmaster. Boo. Terrific food with little twists on regular middle eastern like white beans in the hummus. The only reasons I don't give it 5 stars are the bathroom situation (meager and fairly scary) and the fact that, as a wine drinker, I have to settle for something else here because it's raunch House in a wee little cordial glass or nothing, I'm afraid. Of course, PBR is king here and I shouldn't be such a priss anyway, no doubt.
ok, seriously, don't let the 70's decor of this place fool you because this place rivals el pollo when it comes to chicken plates.  

i took marketing classes with the heir of zanku and as soon as my classmates found out who he was they started raving about his family's skills for preparing chicken.  i didn't want to buy into the bs until i tried it myself and i was desperately hooked.

i ordered the quarter white chicken plate, the chicken was juicy and tender along with fresh delicious pita bread.  i loved the hummus SO. MUCH (with olive oil) that i wanted to lick off my plate.

think i'm totally bullshitting?  try it, the bullshit will be reversed and you will also be desperately hooked like me!

(and no, post-marketing class the zankou heir and i didn't become friends, bummer, no free chicken for me :[)

xxac
I haven't been able to go to Habibi since the last time I was there - on the weekends, they have a minimum charge per person so we figured we'd meet that minimum charge by getting five hookahs for a table of 10. Have you ever tried to finish five hookahs? You don't feel so hot afterwards.

But this is the real downside to this place: They overcharge you like no other. We ordered a plate a fruit - all it had were some grapes and melon - and it cost us $40! I could have bought a fruit stand at Ralph's for that price! Ridiculous...
Decided to walk over to Pita Pita for a quick lunch.  It's located on Colorado right off of lake, and have a good amount of outside seating in the shade, which is a def plus.  As for the food, chicken wraps are just ok, with the chicken being a little bit dry.  We had the garlic chicken warp and the chicken shawerma.  The shawerma tasted slightly off and had a hint of some spice that i just could not put my finger on.  However the wraps were quickly made and very fresh.

I love pita chips and pita bread and the good thing about pita pita is they fry their own pita chips.  So they are nice and crispy and have just the amount of oil.  However, this time it seemed like the oil they fried them in had not been changed in a while, the pita chips were very darkly colored.  Didn't taste bad, but maybe after frying all them falafels, it's time to change that oil eh?
Amazing food!  Get the chicken tarna plate and you'll have enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  Yum!
My cousins brought me here last time I visited LA, and I had to go back again with the next visit.  Love the chicken tarna wrap and that insane garlic spread.  Totally hooked.
This review focuses on the weekend brunch at the Middle East - their entertainment empire is ridiculously well known, and has already been written about at length.

Their affordable brunch menu, served on Saturday and Sunday from 11am-3pm, has many vegetarian options. The two best being Bith Ala Banadoura (scrambled eggs with garlic chunks, tomatoes, onions and spices) and the Iron Fist (fool m'dammas, tabouly and scrambled eggs). In addition to middle eastern eats, they also have traditional american fare like omelettes, pancakes, and yummy home fries.

The relaxed atmosphere of the brunch scene is defined by the mostly hung-over hipster clientele and waitstaff who seem like they didnt leave after last nights concert. Brunch at the Middle East can be a delicious experience; the uniqueness of their ethnically-derived meals makes it worth the trip.
I am almost never in this area but the food is so good that I have to stop here even if I was already full.
I really like this place!  Its got fun music.  And the hookah is delicious.  A lil pricey, but if it's 3 am its totally worth it.  :)  Great to end a date
Best Mediterranean-style food near the UT campus.  The daily special of gyro or schwarma wraps are the best deals around.  Try the kebobs, too!
This is a wonderful little place to get good Lebanese food. Simple basic menu with everything being excellent in taste. Especially the hummous. Not sure how this can be so much better than most since it's basically just garbanzo beans but it was very yummy. Portions on the hummous and meat were a bit skimpy. Generous portion of pita bread filled me up. I had Chicken Shawarma platter and wife had Lamb platter. Comes with a salad or fries. Why get fries when you can get such an excellent salad. Salad portion was fine. I would return but not go out of the way due to the portions being small. Prices are about right and maybe a bit low for Claremont high rents. Owners were fabulous. Such wonderful people. Thanks for dinner!
Tom's is awesome.  I've eaten here a few times where I would give it a three, other days (like today, which brought on this rating) its hands down a five.  The food is super cheap, their $4.99 falafel wrap and french fries combination is a steal.  The thai wrap with choice of tofu or falafel is an interesting combination of flavors that all work well together.  The dolmas wrap is also a favorite of mine...tabouli, dolmas, pepperoncinis, olives, taratoor, excellent.  They also carry soda made with cane sugar, a nice alternative to the typical offerings of most restaurants.
Hidden treasure right next to UCSD that will be worth your time to check out!  Exquisitely prepared Persian food that will stick to your pallet and leave you wanting more.  Don't be fooled by the fast food format, International Market& Grill is one of the best options for Persian Food in town.
Good food and good people, love the Dolma Wrap.  Their falafel is amazing.  If you like french fries, order them, they're fantastic.  However, expect a ton of them and if you're by yourself you'll only finish half.  I feel like the dining area could use a little bit of sprucing up, it's a little generic.  I suppose they'll sort that out one day.  Oh and they have Mexican Dr. Pepper, the kind made with sugar instead of corn syrup.
For a quick service restaurant, Zankou can't be beat.  I sampled the mutabal, chicken tarna wrap and the chicken kabob plate, which comes with hummus, rice, broiled tomato, and garlic sauce.
The chicken was succulent and savory with a tart bite from the generous amounts of sumac used to season the meat.  The garlic sauce is mild, which is great for those who don't want to have that taste lingering in their mouth for two days.  Note that the kabob plate takes 10-15 minutes to prepare and is enough to feed two people.  
The mutabal is excellent as is the chicken tarna wrap.  
The only turn off about Zankou is that they seem pretty tight-fisted about giving you more pita bread.  Upon request, the server was very reluctant to give me only one more pita.
I ate here in a large group. We ordered several appetizers that tasted like they had gone bad - the hummus and baba ganoush had an unmistakable sour flavor that only happens if the food was made too long ago. I ordered the lamb schwarma and it came out smelling like death. Everyone at the table was revolted by  the disgusting smell - completely inedible. We sent it back and they offered to replace it but did not offer any sort of compensation for my time. In fact, they almost acted like I made the whole thing up. Also our server probably was on day two of the job and it showed.
Their falafel is soooooooo good. Great hummus and baba ghanoush too! Yay for Saca's!
Best buy for Falafel sandwich in the U-district...$3.50!!!  There's a quick little walk up window, a few outdoor seats, and a small indoor dining area.  Full plate meals are good too, but I almost exclusively use the walk-up window.  

-Slightly better than Samir's Mediterranean which is located across the street.  I think Samir used to work at this place and then, either out of spite or collusion opened up an identical store across the street.  

-I think this how Starbucks started.  They have the business model...now they just need the million more franchises.  Come on hipsters...eat here before they explode, go corporate, and then, can be hated for changing.
Algiers is what a coffee house should be - a place where you can always find a place to sit, get a decent cup of coffee or tea (with refills) and linger over a book or a conversation without feeling uncomfortable or rushed. As others have commented, the service can be a bit slow, but it's always pleasant and if you are in a rush this is the wrong place to be. 

The food is good, not great. The merguez sausage was excellent one time, average the next. The coffee and lattes have always been very good.
Excellent quality food and friendly staff and management.  The environment is cafe-like; sometimes there may be live/exciting events but most of the time the shop is relaxed, quiet, and well lit.  Great for groups; I had a weekly group meeting for a year at this location.

The wraps are delicious but often a bit unweildy -- get a fork!  Very filling!  The french fries are tops.  I'm told the coffee at Tom's is excellent as well.
This Aladdin is really similar to their confederate brethren but with an awesome sauce that adds a tangy flavor to their gyros.  The lamb and beef gyros were good but I have yet to try their falafel.  The decor was odd--rugs on the wall--but overall it was decent spot for a quick lunch, dinner or late night snack.
I liked the DJ and the dance floor was reasonably sized... never got too crowded, but there were enough people dancing to make it fun.

$3 cover was very reasonable.
too pricey for me, being that its not an actual restaurant but rather a place you order and seat yourself (a la qdoba, chipotle, etc). the pita was fresh and the garlic hummus was creamy. but i wouldnt go out of my way to go back, there are so many better options around philly that can serve that.
Normally I wouldn't review a restaurant after only getting a cappuccino, but considering they call themselves a "Coffee House," I figure it's fair game. It was, in fact, one of my stops on my search for the best cappuccino in Boston.

I walked in and wasn't really sure where to go. There were barista stations on either side of me, a wine & beer bar in front of me, and an area for sitting wayyy in the back. A waitress nearly body-checked me and spilled most of a tray of water as she walked into the kitchen.

A friendly young lady came out from behind on of the espresso bars and asked what I would like. I told her I'd like a triple wet cappuccino to go. She giggled nervously and replied, "I... don't know what that means." So I coached her a bit ("three shots of espresso, go a little wet on the foam") and stood back, expecting that this was going to be a complete disaster.

A couple of minutes later she came out from behind the bar with a very short cup (I mean, smaller than a Starbucks "tall"), which seemed weird since I'd gotten three shots, but I guess those were their only to-go cups. It came to $5.20 (PARDON?!?!?!) and she actually had to ask another server to go into her purse to get change for my $20. Again, she was very sweet, but that was just a little strange... I kind of felt badly for using a big bill, but hey, it's Harvard Square; they should be kind of used to that, and prepared to give change.

Now, on to tasting what I was sure would be an pitiful for excuse for a confused cappuccino... and (drumroll)... it was really good! Even though the barista had had NO idea what I was talking about, she ended up making exactly what I wanted. Given, she should have known what my order was in the first place, but winging it with a single sentence of advice and making it perfectly takes talent. So I really have to give her credit.

I was still disappointed that it was so small for a triple (and for a COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS PRICE), but it was definitely a nice drink. They use pretty good espresso, too. It went really nicely with a couple of cupcakes from Sweet down the street. :)

A confusing and confused place, but in the end it turned out okay. I also took a peek at the menu and it looked great and authentic, but that's for another day...
This place was DISGUSTING and the service was horrible. The poor woman was the hostess, waitress, and cook. She also had her small child there and was playing mother while doing all of these other things. Water was served in small Styrofoam cups and our omelets were BLACK on the bottom from being overcooked. It was overpriced with no taste- uuuggghhh, don't go here.
I came here at 2 AM last night so this is a very biased review. Biased in the way that I was drunk and I had beer munchies. 

Nevertheless, this place was delightful.

I had the following:

Beef/lamb gyro - The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I love the yogurt sauce that they throw in this.

Fries - Yum! Perfectly crispy and seasoned with a little cayenne (I think).

Most of all, I loved the hot sauce that they have. I'm a hot sauce addict and seriously I could eat cardboard with the hot sauce that they had but glad it accompanied delicious food :)
Good for a late night snack after hanging out at the neighborhood bars. I've had better falafel wraps though. I definitely did not dig the pickles in my wrap, although I should have thought of that when I read the menu because it does say pickles are involved. It's cramped but cozy and the prices are good - under $5 for my wrap. No restroom - so use it before you head over.
Another great catering experience with Hummus. We ordered "The Feast," which is supposed to feed 20-25 people (we fed nearly 40 people with it!). The online ordering is a BREEZE, prices are reasonable, delivery was prompt, and the driver was professional and helpful. The food was delicious (I enjoyed the chicken, shwarma, hummus, wheat pita, and cucumber salad). Hummus is our go-to place for catering and we have never had a bad experience. I can't speak to the actual dine-in experience, but can't say a single negative thing about the catering. Highly recommended
I love, love, love the food and service.  I hate, hate, hate the prices for lunch.  PLEASE change the menu and add some meals for under $10 for lunch!  I get a chicken skewer and 1/2 greek salad and it's still over 10 bucks.  Lunches need to be $7-8 plus drink.  To the owner, I work in a building next door and I don't want you to change anything else about your place.  I would eat lunch there twice a week if I could afford it.  Just think about offering a better lunch menu.  Gave it 4 stars only because of the prices.
Yes, it's true, you have a way better smoke from a hookah if you have your own at home, but you also don't have an awesome room full of comfy cushions on the floor at home, do you?

The Sphinx gets four stars PURELY for atmosphere.  It's that good... enough so that slow, crappy, (stoned?) service doesn't matter, and expensive small drinks aren't an issue.  It's the best place to veg in which I've ever vegged.  

If you want to relax in an awesome atmosphere, go to Sphinx.
I've walked by this place so many times and seen the wait and the crowd and thought to myself I have to swing through and grab a bite. So last weekend I did just that with my trusty female breakfast companion and we were utterly shocked and disappointed. 
When we arrived there was a brief wait, sure no sweat. Then we were seated, and from here on out things just went down hill. We waited and waited until we finally put in our drink order. We had to wait even longer to place our food order because there was only one waitress for the entire place. When our drinks arrived the rim of my coffee cup looked as though it had been used to polish the floor.
Now after placing our order we thought we were all set. Our food arrived and it was meh,.. My friend had ordered a an omelet, which had some very oily/greasy vegetables in it alongside her salmon. I also got salmon even though I didn't order it. Funny I didn't think that salmon and sausage  sounded so similar. And my scrambled eggs looked like they had barely been cooked. We were so disappointed with our meals we took care of our bill asap and left.
This place is absolutely wonderful for dinner. Their naan is always freshly made and perfectly done. Their chicken tikka masala is pretty good, but any lamb combination is great, (lamb kaddai and jalfrezi are good choices). Their rice is brackish and not the best you can get.  The service for dinner is alright, they do tend to take a long time to take your order and bring your food.  However, the wait is worth it.  Their portion sizes are very deceptional, they come in a small metal bowl, but the bowl is deeper than you think! With naan you will definitely leave very filled.

I would NOT however, recommend this place for lunch. The service is beyond awful and the food is not of the same quality.  There is no waiter during lunch and you are served on cheap paper plates.  Now, I do not necessarily have a problem with the paper plates, but when I am spending a lot of money--as a broke college student--I at least want a decent presentation.  

Overall, I would recommend this place ONLY for dinner.  It's good for a date, very nice seating, dimmed lighting.  It is also good for groups as they do separate checks and have tables big enough to accommodate large groups.  If you like Indian food, have a few bucks to spend, this is your place.
Wonderful food! The lamb roast wrap is delicious and the owner/staff are so nice.
It was cheap,fast and delicous.
Got off work about 10:15pm.
Hungry.
Friend recommended Aladdin's.
Went in. 
Friendly service. Tasty falafel. Less than $5 spent.
Hunger perfectly satisfied. I am happy.
Good night.
Best Indian food in Seattle, hands down, no question.  I have been to many restaurants, and although some can compete with the main dishes, nobody has refillable chai that is as good as Cedars, and the naan is also the best around.  Prices are good, and now that the grumpy guy is no longer there, you can have a long, relaxed dinner, the new woman behind the counter is extremely nice and friendly.
I've only been here a couple times but some of my favorite bands play here. The shows are pretty cheap but are really small and not the best for sound. The food is overpriced (I got a veggie wrap for like $10) and the drinks are on the pricier side. I'm not much of a beer drinker but it seemed like the selection was kinda shitty (most people were drinking pbr..gross). It's definitely a cool atmosphere and even if you dont know the band playing, it's a good time.
While you can get a good meal at a decent price, I recommend the places on Franklin Street that aren't chain restaurants. That being said, the food is fresh and cooked in front of you.
This is hands down the best place to eat around harvard at 3 am. 
it also happens to be the only place to eat around harvard at 3 am.
Zankou Chicken believe it or not is Middle-Eastern Cuisine - I had no idea. What makes the chicken delicious and separates it from the rest is the addicting garlic sauce. It helps make the roasted chicken that's very dry, mouthwatering. This is a casual restaurant, business is good and the floor is always clean. Often times you'll catch a staff sweeping the floor. Your order typically comes out fast. Ample dining chairs and tables. Zankou Chicken even sells bright yellow tshirts for $5 each.

When I attend I always order the Roasted Chicken Wrap. If you want two different meats you can ask the cashier for both with your entree. Most people order the plates that comes with hummus, pita bread and their order of meat. That too is delicious however is too large of a portion for a petite girl like myself. Zankou Chicken is one of those popular Southern California Fast Food Chains that everybody loves, very much like Chipotle. Not only is it delicious, it's also healthy! Most food thats delicious isn't good for you. Bonus points for Zankou.

There's a parking lot at this location or street parking in the front of the restaurant on Colorado. It's a little tricky to find the parking lot. Drive into the alley between the apartment building and the McDonald's parking lot. The parking lot is one way, so make sure you can reverse well to get out. Enjoy!
If you order anything but the lamb pita, you will be disappointed. The lamb pita, besides holding the esteemed title of most expensive item on the menu, is the tastiest item as well. The meat is always cooked to perfection, hot and juicy. 
To consume the lamb pita the way gods intended it, open the pita, flatten out the meat laterally onto one side of it so sauce and vegetables can be mixed in thoroughly. Add "Really Hot Sause" and "Tahini" sauce for a good blend of hot and cold. Then mix the meat and sauces with a fork. Add lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes. Mix once more and add a final squeeze of "Really Hot Sause" and "Tahini."
Once sauced and vegetabled, and sauced once more to get all the flavors working together, nothing else on the menu is worth a try. I have eaten 100+ lamb pitas in my UCLA career since moving to Westwood and enjoyed every single one of them.
The chicken wowshi does offer more variety since one gets 2 halves to flavor separately instead of one in the case of the pita, but the chicken wowshis can taste doughy because the bread has not baked thoroughly inside of the pocket. 
If you are looking for a cheap snack, the fries or fried cauliflower for $1.50 each are both stellar options. Fried fresh, they are served scalding hot. The cauliflower can be quite oily but pairs well with the "Tahini" or "White Sauce" mixed right into the bag of cauliflower. 

If I had to complain, the wait for food can get long if they're busy. A couple times, they have refused to even take my order until 3 or 4 other orders are already cooking, and this is the only reason I could think of to knock off a star. 
Also, KEEP YOUR RECEIPT. Don't plan on getting your food if you throw your receipt away. 

Try the lamb pita meal (side of cauliflower and either Martinelli's apple cider, Mexican Coke, or mango Snapple). Thank me later.
I think Detroiters like the Pacific Northwest because it kind of reminds us of lake-effect snow on these crisp mornings.  It's not quite the same (because you Seattle natives still have all of your appendages,) but it's familiar.  I have seen a whole hell of a lot of MSU and U of M flags and sweatshirts, so I am convinced that the mitten contingent is strong.  Someone should take a survey.

Richard has already mentioned the fact that the Metropolitan Detroit (the nice way of saying "not actually inside of the City of Detroit, but close enough) houses more middle easterners than any other metro area outside of the middle east.  This is because when that little war in Beirut occurred, our government made the decision to relocate displaced political refugees and their families (friends...dudes they met at a party...one night stands..) to Dearborn, MI.  The thinking process was probably something like "well, Detroit is bad...but, not as bad as Lebanon!"  

Because of the Arab culture friendly environment, other immigrants from the area soon followed.  Now the Detroit area has a rich mix of Lebanese, Egyptian, Iraqi (you can thank the George Bushes for that one), and an entire neighborhood of Caldeans that actually live *inside* Detroit--they keep it real.

This is just to point out that fact that Richard and I are not full of shit when we say we know middle eastern food.  We come from the land of La Shish, whose owner was an honest to goodness terrorist sympathizer and embezzler (I mean, he was Lebanese, but he was also a Detroiter after all...crime pays) and whose son is an actual cold blooded murderer (allegedly.)  We know good shishka.

Shawarma King is good for Seattle, but not nearly as good as the worst I've had in Detroit.  In my rankings of techniques, I put Lebanese way above anything else, so the Egyptian-based Shawarma King was already fighting an uphill battle with me.  It's good food, and the fries are pretty delicious, but nothing to sing about.  My shawarma came quickly, but the chicken wasn't hot like I would expect.  I do appreciate the condiments section at the front of the store though, because that chili sauce is a lifesaver.  

Food quality aside, this place is totally authentic and you can really feel that the guys behind the counter are having fun.  That makes it good enough for a repeat visit, but it also makes me look forward to the holidays when I can go home and head over to Warrendale or Dearborn for the good stuff.
This review is for the food, which was Horrendous in every way.

Service was non-existent. Food was by far the worst middle eastern food I'd ever had in my life--eggplant hummus that looked that dog vomit, slapped on a plate like dog vomit, and tasted akin to sour cream of wheat. 

Pita bread was cold and came in a plastic baggy. I examined mine for mold it was so bad.

Burger tasted like cafeteria food; beef shwarma sandwich was tough and lacking.
Comfort food, reasonably priced. The folks who work here are great. The service is speedy and I'm fairly certain that there's crack in the hummus. And I mean that in a really, really good way.

Who doesn't love this place? It's a Cambridge Classic. It's *the* Cambridge Classic.
I have to say that I once drooled over Krazi Kebob, but I don't know if they cut costs on the freshness of their ingredients or what-- it's just not the same! Their naan doesn't taste as fresh as it did when they first opened, the vegetables are often sad and limp, and the meat seems to have changed in quality as well. Still, it's a great place to go for a unique combination of flavors and textures, especially if you're into spicy foods.

My biggest frustration is the portions. It seems they took their model from Chipotle, but their portions are embarrassing in comparison, and yet the price comes to about the same. And the guacamole... oh man, don't get me started on that guacamole! $1.50 extra for a small teaspoon of store-bought guac. You can tell it came out of a bag only minutes before, and you can taste the acidity of the preservatives mixed in. Not worth it.

The deal they have on Tuesday's, buy one naan wrap get on free, is a great deal and definitely a good way to pull in more business. I'm still hoping they go back to the fresh ingredients they had when they first opened.
The Middle East doesn't need my review or anyone else's for that matter. 

I grew up here. Whenever I go back, it's like stepping into a time machine. I'm magically whisked away to the 1990s. I'm wearing plaid and Doc Martens, skanking to Bim Skala Bim. I jumped on stage and sang with Dicky during one of many Bosstones shows. I picked a fight with an angry straight-edge kid at a Tree show. At a Sam Black Church Sunday Mass, Jet stepped on my face. Or was that Sir Morgan's Cove? Doesn't matter.

I love the Middle East! Never once ordered anything to eat but the cheesburger, almost as good as Charlie's (hey, I said _almost_). And I love the Munich Dark, too. 

And yes, the music still rocks. I couldn't tell you the name of most bands I've seen there. The last famous band I saw was Kings of Leon. It was their first show in Boston. They were touring their first album and when they finished playing all ten songs, the singer said to the crowd "those are all of our songs, we don't know any more" and they started playing from the top. Classic.
Mmm yay! This is the first time I've stepped into whatever restaurant that has been at this location (previously some empanada place and a hot dog place).

I had the breakfast wowshie, which is their freshly baked bread filled with black beans and eggs. It was delicious and I loved filling it up with lettuce, marinated tomatoes, fresh cucumbers, onions, and topping it with yogurt and hot sauce. Delish! What surprised me further was how much food you got. I think most people believe you only get a half a pita. Nope. It's the whole thing. Cheap place, fresh food, but they need to crack a window cuz the place is HOT.
While visiting Pittsburgh over a weekend we stopped in for a bite at this middle eastern restaurant.  The place is small with few tables but the food tastes great and is very fresh.  My wife enjoyed the lentil chicken soup while I had a great falafel wrap.

We were slightly disappointed that they don't serve hot tea, but other than that you should stop in and try the food.
What a great find in Ann Arbor. I went here last Saturday with my 8 year old daughter. She really isn't open to lots of foods, but I told her she could have a choice of what she wanted and that she needed to trust me. It would be good. 

I ordered the lamb schwarma, she ordered chicken. They brought us some bread, a red tomato based dipping sauce, and garlic paste.... Yes. my favorite.. pure garlic and oil made into a breathtaking paste. I held back on the garlic, knowing darn well I was going to be spending time with other Yelpers and didn't want to scare them all away. 

My daughter loved the bread and covered it with garlic. 3 days later and I think I can still smell it on her. Our schwarmas arrived and surprise... she love her chicken. I really didn't expect it. She says it was some of the best food that she ever tasted. My lamb schwarma was also top of the line... and so inexpensive.  Both the lamb and chicken were cooked just right and ripe with flavor. The meats, combined with pickles and either more garlic sauce or tahini just hits the spot. 

We walked out the Sheesh with our bellies full at the cost of around $8.  The owner came to our table twice to ask how things were. That was a real nice touch. 

We're looking forward to going back to Sheesh Mediterranean Cuisine soon.
Great Mediterranean food, good prices, and friendly staff. The seating is a little cramped, but no biggie because the food is so good.
EXCELLENT flavors and great food. Very tender chicken and nice combination of all ingredients. Very generous seating area.

From my experience, skip the wraps and go straight for the plates. Youll regret not getting the bigger share.
I love zankou  but prices have been steadily increasing .. not so much of a bargain anymore
I am a mezes kind of guy.  I like long, slow meals with lots of small plates to share around.  I also love eating outside on a patio.  And Istanbul has the perfect combination of both.  I had a great meal here for my birthday.  I enjoyed the eggplant salad, the feta salad, the "turkish pizza," and the kdaif and honey cake desserts.  I wouldn't recommend the mushrooms stuffed with cheese - the cheese flavor isn't really there, or the dolmas, which were too sweet.  The patio is a great place to eat, and the service was extraordinary.
This is a pretty good place for lunch...i don't know if they are open at night.  This is a popular place for lunch but the line moves surprising fast!  I mean really fast!  The food is pretty darn good too!  I had the chicken kabob plate.  I was surprised how filling this meal was.  I'm not a big eater but usually places like this just give you a few pieces of meat, some rice and a little salad.  But this place gives you some good portions of everything!  And their hot paste is really spicy but good!
i inhaled the chicken wowshi.
Came here for lunch today with 2 friends.  One of them works across the street and comes here quite often on his lunch break.  He said the food is good and is consistent.  In the many years I've lived in the area and been up and down Lake Ave, I've never come here.  I even used to work just a couple doors down at Chipotle back when it used to be a Tony Roma's.  I'm surprised Tony Roma's is still around.  I was a host my senior year in high school and it starting being sucktastic then and when I went back to work there part time for a few months in college, it got even more sucktastic.

How did I get on ribs?  Oh man... ribs... damn it, now I'm craving BBQ.  And I'm in search of Texas brisket, which we don't have Texas brisket out here in California.  Do some of you even know what brisket is?

So I ordered a lamb kebob plate.  2 skewers of large chunks of lamb on a bed of rice pilaf, a small greek salad (really, like 3-4 bites), a small side of hummus, one whole pita, and garlic spread and chili sauce.  All for $8.25.  I got a soda (one size only) for an additional $1.25.

So the food.  The lamb was good.  Well seasoned, cooked more to a medium to medium well, and wasn't terribly gamey.  One of my friends got the chicken kebob plate and we traded one kebob.  The chicken was a little on the dry side, but it was flavorful.  Everything else was good too.  The rice pilaf was done just right, the hummus wasn't orgasmic but still good, and overall just a very satisfying meal.

Another thing about this place is your food comes out FAST.  Seriously.  For example's sake, times are just approximated:

2:04:25 - me: "Can I have a lamb kebob plate"
2:04:32 - manager: "lamb plate!" (yelled to the back)
2:04:35 - *soda cup is placed on what's to be my tray*
2:04:37 - I grab the cup
2:04:42 - I make a raspberry arnold palmer (minute maid lemonade and lipton raspberry ice tea
2:04:58 - I place a lid on the cup
2:05:02 - manager: "lamb plate!"

Under a minute!!!!  It tells me that they have an assembly line thing going (which I saw as well) and that the kebobs are just sitting in a container and kept warm as orders come in, but you know what?  The food doesn't taste like it's been sitting for however long in a container keeping warm.

Would I come back?  Definitely if someone held a gun or knife to my back and forced me to order...

But no one needs to force me to come back, because come back I will...
the service here was HORRID. we were their only customers, yet it took over 20 mins for our food to come. all we ordered were wraps! what could have possibly taken this long? they forgot our drinks, they were NOT friendly whatsoever, their tables were dirty, and the food was way below average. their chips were stale, and the "salsa" or whatever dipping sauce they had tasted like random ingredients mixed together and blended. i didnt know you could butcher a wrap that bad. it was my first, and definitely my last time there.
I have to confess that I am no expert in matters of falafel.  I didn't even know what it was until a few months ago.  But I do now, and I know I like it.  I also know that I enjoy Amir's Falafel, if only for the fact that it is conveniently close to my apartment.  I woke up one morning with a strange craving for some falafel, and knowing Amir's was close, I stopped in for a take out lunch.  This craving wasn't going anywhere until I had some falafel, so I had the platter to go.  The staff was friendly, and they offered me extra pita free of charge, so bonus points there!  Unfortunately, I had to walk for about 10 minutes in some cold weather, so it wasn't as warm as I would have liked it to be, but no fault to them.  All and all, it was a great lunch that made me appreciate even more the ethnic diversity of food available right outside my doorstep.
So this place has some of the tastiest Persian food in town! Why only 4 stars? Because the wait is VERY LONG!! It's best for casual lunch but I would highly recommend calling 45min in advance because they are quite short staffed. However no matter what you order it will be DELIVIOUS! You really can't go wrong with all the TLC they put in the food. So I recommend going but be okay with the long wait because it really is good food :)
After much searching, I found a great source of good falafel.  The tabooley+hummus version is fantastic.  Give it a try.
my name is ashley and i'm addicted to the falafel sandwich at moody's falafel palace! seriously. so cheap. so good. 

i am only holding back on the five stars b/c i haven't tried anything else on the menu.
It's a hole-in-the-wall falafel place, and one of the few places open late in the area.  Perfectly good for what it is, nothing exceptional.
The Middle East downstairs...
It's a dark and musty-gross basement. Smells of stale beer. Poles are in the way. Narrow. DON'T LOOK UP (or do, because it's fascinating) since there are 20-year old cobwebs among the wires coated in dust to ponder. 

But still. 

It's a treat to see growing bands not quite big enough for the larger venues perform in a small place like this, for cheap. Sense of group solidarity in the grime.
Had to go to Falafel Palace on my first night as a Boston resident. If they make falafel that my husband enjoyed then it must be good! I was not disappointed. My falafel wrap was juicy and tasty and very filling. Not perfect because I like my falafel pretty crispy, but darn perfect flavor-wise. Next I'll try the lamb shiwarma wrap!
Holy Land has transitioned nicely into its own pace post-Jack's, and it's nice to see it working out.  The sandwiches themselves are cheap and filling, and oh god falafel is pretty amazing here.  I like to sit in the one booth that is under a tent-like canopy and feel extra special.  Particularly if they're playing the usual fare of Arab-language music videos.  After a ridiculous day, sitting under a semi-tent and watching muic videos whilst eating falafel might be one of the best non-alcoholic mood lifters ever.
Lightning fast service... good choice when you're in a hurry for lunch...

I like the Beef or Lamb Kabob plate... it's a complete meal with hummus, salad, rice, pita bread, and two skewers.  I prefer this over Zankou Chicken in this way since they don't include the rice for example.

Very tasty, but it can get crowded in a hurry and parking is dicey sometimes.  Worth a try if you haven't tried it yet, I go back every now and then.
They have some of the best kefta (lean hamburger) I've ever had, and I've been to the Middle East and have lived in Michigan, which has fantastic Middle Eastern food. The pitas are actually pretty lame (a little too chewy for me) and almost drive this review down to four stars, but the saving grace is the not-hot-but-super-tasty hot sauce and the mild feta cheese that is a perfect compliment to the spiced kefta.  

Their hummus is of the liquid-y sauce-type variety (as opposed to the thicker hummus that can be found at more Israeli-style places like Hummus and Mama's Vegetarian), which isn't my favorite, so I usually stick with the feta and kefta wrap with hot sauce. All in all, this is probably my second favorite lunch truck in the University City area (behind Tacos Don Memo).
If Dunkin' Donuts mated with garbanzo -- there you go. The falafel here resembles greasy, heavy, lint. 
I don't get why people like this place. 
Sure, the service is very "Soup Nazi" *(entertaining a 'la Seinfeld) but the food is not that good. It is cheap and fast but c'mon. There are great Middle-Eastern places beyond Thayer.
* do you know about the infamous ketchup ban?
I have been here on rare occasions, and each time I am left a satisfied customer. Sometimes the wait (depending on time of day and if they have a certain item ready) can be a while, but it sure is worth it. I have tried the chicken and tri-tip kabobs. Delicious!!! The hummus is by far the best i have ever tasted. Pita bread is good and so is the rice. THANKS ZANKOU for the healthy alternative for dinner vs going to KFC
Love Mediterranean food and had quite a few favorites in Chicago -- so I was excited to try Jerusalem Garden. It didn't quite live up the hype, but that won't stop me from going back for the solid things -- falafel and turkish coffee!

The chicken in the chicken schwarma sandwich was pretty dry and relatively flavorless. I'm used to a thinly cut, marinated meat;  but this was dry, large pieces and only saved by the pickle-ish things in the sandwich. 

Falafel was perfectly done, but know that it does have a relatively hard outside, lovely center.

Service was pretty good considering how busy they were.  Probably best to get take out or sit outside if its warm!
Tasty shwarma in a super clean, super quick place. I'm a fan. I tend to come here if someone in my party is a strict carnivore. For veg-heads seeking falafel, they are probably better off down the street at Maoz. However, if you're looking for chicken or beef shwarma - this is the best in the area. They give you healthy portions, with different levels of crispy and tender meat. The salads are fresh and everything is always ready in under 5 minutes.
This review is primarily for Middle East Restaurant.  I went here to eat recently and got the cous cous chicken platter.  The food was decent.  What really killed it for me was the ambiance and the service.  I can't quite pinpoint how best to describe the ambiance, but can say it's a terrible place for a date, the feel is somewhat dive-bar-ish (which isn't necessarily a bad thing but here it doesn't work in my opinion), and the seating itself is just not that comfortable.  The 2-person booths are pretty tiny.  The service was extremely sub-par.  It took 15 minutes for our server to acknowledge us and another 10 minutes to get my beer.  I was nervous it would take another 20 minutes for the server to come back for my food order so I somewhat hastily chose something off the menu when she brought me my drink since I didn't want to chance it.  In the end, they automatically include an 18% or 20% tip (can't remember).  I am always a 20% tipper and often more to my favorite bartenders and servers, but here I wouldn't have given any more than 15%.  Back the food - it actually was pretty good.  I just think you are better off going next door to Zuzu or the many other great places in Central Sq.
Nice casual atmosphere for a weekend breakfast. I like that they put lots of veggies in their omelettes. And, I have never had to wait to get in.
Boyfriend and I came here to get a quick bite before a movie. There's a great deal for a Gyro, fries and drink for under $7!! Who could beat that! They were quick, the food was great, and the owner was super nice! She made sure our food was good, and even made suggestions on how to use their hot sauce. Would definitely come back here if I'm around the U-District!
Two (former) coworkers of mine are Lebanese and both raved about the quality of the food at Aceituna. What more could I possibly say?
180+ reviews already, so I don't think much more needs to be said. Some of the best falafel i've had.
Excellent falafel, even if they fudge on tradition a bit. The lines can be long, but traffic moves relatively fast. Seating is limited.
God damn...This is some kick ass food.

I'm from LA and I've been living in Vegas for the past few months.  You'd think that roasted chicken off a spit would be easy to thing to find in Vegas, but it's not!  The closest thing I've found was Greek food, which tastes doesn't have the same bold flavor that you get at Zankou.

I usually get the Chicken Tarna plate, but lately I've found it was too much food (and I can usually eat a lot!).  It's great when you are starving or if you have a hangover and you need something in your stomach to sop up the alcohol!  The falafels are really good too -- not too dry and lots of flavor.

The garlic sauce is the best and if you mix it with Tapatio (for some reason Mexican hot sauce goes great with Armenian food -- go figure), you will  be in for a treat!

Tip: If you're hungry, get the plate.  If not, get a wrap and a small side dish like the Tabouleh or Tahini salad.  Personally, I think the Chicken Tarna is the bomm, y'all!  Also, make sure you're packing mints, because your breath will stink afterwards!
Wowshi?

More like WHOAA-shi!


Back in undergrad, words like "value", "open-late", and "healthy" usually described a trip to jack in the box. That is, of course until Bella Pita opened up a tasty option to help us dropkick that freshman 30... yes, that's right. What do you think happens to cross country runners when they stop running?! Anyway. 

What I order: Chicken Wowshi or the Black Bean Wowshi

Black Bean: This wowshi is simply delicious! In the past I've ordered this item the most since I would usually roll into Bella on fridays during lent. The bread is baked fresh and its flavor comes out way more to add to the overall taste. The beans are cooked nicely and are not overwhelming. I like to use a heavy hand when it comes to adding heat and fixings, which isn't a problem since they let you build your order yourself!

Chicken wowshi: Chicken cooked well and still juicy. Again the fresh baked bread is what I think really sets their food apart from other places. 

Tip: Want something refreshing? Order some martinelli's apple juice!! it'll make you feel like you're in elementary school again. 

Bottom line: fresh, healthy, and tasty wowshis minus the we$twood prices
My first and only one star on Yelp.
Disclaimer: The review is just for bar and the music. Also it was NYE, so may be this was very atypical for them.
My experience here was bizzare at best. Ok to give you a background, i went there as cyclorama, my first choice to celebarate NYE, was packed beyond capacity and there was a long line. We cabbed it to central to find out that Middle East was also at capacity. So we hung out at the bar which only had 1 bartender on NYE. Umm..seriously, are you infested with rats or really so slow in the head that you didn't realize that umm..you might have a crowd for NYE?? Chloe stood at the bar for a good 15 mins before we got our shots, whew we barely got our drinks in time for our midnight toast.
We finally manage to get in to the music room after paying $15 each and the bouncer looks at us as if he was doing us a favor. Eww, a girl dancing on stage with her dress riding up to her crotch and rather unflattering view- really the crowd is rather interesting and not in a good way. We needed to use the restroom and stepped out, the bouncer didnt let us back in because i didnt have my wrist band on which he never gave to me!!! Chloe reminded him that he didnt give me a wrist band. She threw $20 at him and he suddenly flips out, Dude did you just escape rehab?? So we get booted out on NYE, totally sober from a digusting place. 

End of story.
I've learned that time can make things better as like this Zankou location.  Regardless of my original review I kept quietly going there in hopes as I saw potential for improvement as the other Zankou's have been solid.

This is one of those places where they got better with time.  Many of us do too.  Especially, women.  Huh, who would have thought.  For you ladies, don't worry about getting old, you'll be much more attractive as years go by.  Trust me on that. How did my mind drift on tangent?  Oh well....

Zankou makes a kick ass rotisserie chicken, plus a great humus, and crazy delicious garlic paste (I have a great recipe for that).  I picked this up for our chicken roundup comparison.  Absolutely delicious skin, moistness, and flavor profile.  Is my mind drifting again?  Add all that to  checking out legs, thighs, and breasts.  No wonder my mind is drifting.    

Our taste test group comprising of my dad, Lillian, and me gave it a solid 4+ stars and I would find it hard pressed to find chicken any more tasty.  We all agreed that this would be the chicken dish we would serve at my Dad's little party.  Yeah, but those two others don't know me as well as they think.  Going for more chicken places because as a guy I know there are a lot more chicks out there.  lol.
Maybe it's because I went during the heat wave. Maybe it's because I was slightly hungover. I'm not sure what it is exactly, but after my falafel sandwich, I was so thirsty. The sandwich was flavorless but edible, and the tahini was bland. The size of the sandwich was good, I just wish there was more flavor. 

Falafel's not too hard to frick up, mind you. Mash up some garbanzo beans with garlic and spices, deep fry it... How hard can it be? Throw it in a pita with some sauce and veggies -- Taa Daa!
Ordered the lamb kabob platter. I think it was delicious but my inebriated state due to EE could have skewed my perception of things. So my apologies ahead of time if you end up going here and it's disgusting.
Before this past weekend, I hadn't eaten here in almost 3 years. My first experience was particularly unimpressive, and I just never got the urge to return. But in my yelping, I read that the place has really improved over time. So, I gave it another shot. 

Nope. Still just as bad as 3 years ago, possibly worse. My eggs benedict and veggie home fries were barely edible. My breakfast companion looked rather miserable with his French toast as well. Just not our cup of tea, I guess.

I feel a little ashamed slamming a local business run by a seemingly nice family, but it was the most disappointing breakfast I have had since... the last time I was here. But I do like to support small local business-- and I'm glad they have so much support from other Yelpers, because I don't foresee myself going back. Ever. That's right, I'm a terrible person.
In A2, there's only one place to go for a falafel, it's JG. 
Anywhere else and you're just a wasting your money on a so-so sandwich.

I usually go for their falafel with hummus sandwich but the chicken shawarma, lentil soup, kafta, and fattoush are all excellent.

There's seating in the back, but I like to slide into a stool up front and watch them make the falafel patties.
The Chicken Wowshi is amazing! I love how you can add whatever you like at the salad bar. Since this is open until 2-3 ish, this is a great place for after partying food! The price is very cheap, especially when it is enough for two people. Definitely one of the best place in westwood!
I love the food here.  It is absolutely spectacular.  I get the lamb plate sandwich.  The service is so-so, but who cares--it's all about the food here.
I tried this restaurant twice when I was living in University City. The falafel is ok, nothing special. The amount of food is pretty good with its price. The store setting is modern while the location is good (nearby Fresh Grocer, restaurants and bars). 

The hummus here is not my favorite, they are sour!
We've eaten here twice. When we first moved to the area, we had gyros there. They were good. 

After seeing a recent movie, we decided to head back to try the Shawarma. Those were also good.

The staff is very friendly. They made a family plate of Greek fries for us and also a smaller plate of regular fries. They tried very hard to please our picky eaters and were super friendly. 

It's a great place to eat!
I have heard about Zankou for years and got a falafel sandwich for lunch a week ago and it was tasty enough to go back and brave the unpleasant help. The girls at the registers are unhelpful, moody and rude. There is no greeting, smile or respect given the customer at the outset of the order taking. Jeez....these things don't cost the company.

I made the mistake of returning to give it a second try with a friend. The meat was tough, the chicken dry as a dessert, the service was the worst I'd had ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD.
Two customers complained to the manager in the minutes before my order was ready and both complaints were handled rudely. Would it kill the help here to be pleasant and act like they like their job? Would it kill the manager to empathize with the customer complaint rather than repeatedly tell them they're WRONG!
I would never brave that crackhead parking lot again either, how can Pasadena allow that lot to pass a city inspection for safety?
I will NOT return to this Zankou, I fail to understand the buzz regarding exceedingly rude help and dry, overcooked food. I might try another branch, but I am doubtful. I might have had a conversation w/ the manager if I hadn't already seen his lack of service style w/ the other two complaints.
There was some confusion with a previous review of mine, which I *swear* I posted for the Cedars on Brooklyn, but then it ended up on this place's page... It was weird, whatever, but I fixed it, and then decided I ought to give this place a shot, because, hey, why not. 

And, it was okay. Not the best falafel I've ever had (though, granted, the best I've ever had was in Amsterdam, and I feel like there might have been something in the air there that affected my food-related judgement... Heh, heh), but not the worst, for sure. The sauce was a little boring (and there wasn't that much of it, at least at the top) and I'm not a huge iceberg lettuce fan, but the falafel itself was pretty fine. 

The service was fast and very friendly. 

I'll probably go back to try something different--maybe the eggplant sandwich, or something.
Easily one of the best restaurants in Albany area.
The owners have gradually spiffed it up as thay have owned it
I am pretty sure that these people make EVERYTHING  from scratch. Even the stuffed grape leaves- they pickle their own leaves!
I have never had bad service.
 I have never had anything that wasn't fantastically fresh and delicious.
I have always left feeling extremely satisfied, and only disappointed that I couldn't have found room to eat more.
Order anything in confidence, try someything you haven't had before.
As mentioned- the mezze platters are a great way to sample.
Where to start...

First off, what is wrong with you people giving 4+ stars? Were your tastebuds burned off at La Salsa or is it the fact that you college kids are finally eating something other than ramen getting the best of you? You're on CRACK if you think that this grease-trap of a "restaurant" is remotely tasty. My boyfriend had the beef schwarma and he said it tasted like, and I quote, "a rancid peanut butter sandwich." That's not right. I asked for a falafel plate, but apparently "plate" means "pita sandwich" to the King's employees. The falafel wasn't too bad, a little greasy, but not anything to write home about. The best (and by best I mean tolerable) thing was the "chips" - breaded slices of potato dropped into month-old frying grease. They kinda tasted like bad, overcooked Shakey's mojo potatoes. 

Now that I'm done ripping the food apart... The decor. Despite the fact that the floor looked like it hadn't been mopped all week, the walls were a freak show. Poorly-framed, poster-sized candid photos litter the walls in some terrifying attempt to make one feel... comfortable. Not only did they fail to do so, they brought on minor indigestion. I'd pay NOT to go into that tent.

To sum up: I hate this place. I seriously considered telling the people standing in line to run... Dear God, run.
This restaurant and café offers indoor seating on two floors and limited outdoor seating only on the second floor.  The menu consists of North African fare with an obvious emphasis on Algeria.  Everything was very tasty and well-prepared; the only negative being the service.  To be fair, it was very busy; however, in my experience a busy restaurant does not imply subpar service.
My absolute favorite place to eat...to get gyros, falafel, baklava, baba ganoush, for dinner, for lunch, for late nights, even for a late breakfast!

It's about as big as a closet, but don't let that fool you. The owners are super-friendly, as everyone has already mentioned.

I only wish that I had found Aladdin Falafel sooner. I would eat there every single day if I could...
and definitely pay with cash. They charge a small fee for credit cards, but it's worth it if that's all you've got.
The food here is really great.  I've eaten the stuffed eggplant... it's cooked really nice and the cheese inside is super yummy.  The hummus is also tasty.  I've tried the chicken from the platters and they were seasoned well and cooked nicely.   The baklava is okay... I prefer mine to have more layers, rather than just nuts on that bottom.

The owner (the woman) is very sweet.  Both times I've eaten there she has come out and talked to us.  She is very much a host and you feel that you are really at her home when you are there.  

The only thing that's super awkward about this restaurant is the service.  It may have just been a fluke, but even simple questions went unanswered and we seemed to be annoying the waitress when we even asked.  The last time I was there the dirty dishes sat on the table even after our to-go containers were filled and we ordered and ate dessert.  Then we weren't told that we pay by the door and just sat there staring at the dirty dishes until we saw other guests going to pay over there.  Grabing our plates, letting us know how to pay, and wishing us well would have been a nice service ending to the meal.   Other than that, I would recommend it.
I was always curious about seeing so many normal looking people queuing at this place. On sat night, on our way to Shakespeare in the Common, we grabbed 2 falafel. One beef and one lamb, what a disappointment, the beef was overcooked, and tasteless; the lamb (actually more like some old sheep) was irregularly cooked, very nervy, some massive chunks, and some big piece of fatty chewy nerve balls that I had to spit out. I had stomach ache for the entire night. And I am not a princess when it comes to food, and had always finish my plates even in the most exotic locations.

A part from that, the service is rude but quick, the vegies were fresh, prices low. But it is not a reason to sell perished meat.
I go to Makkah Market for the Shawerma platter. It's chicken, rice, vegetables, salad and flat bread for $6.00. It's a lot of food and it's really excellent. Makkah Market is open 24 hours and they have a great selection of spices and Indo-Pak food. They also have a halal butcher.

Be brave! Try it.
I've been coming to Zankou for years. I'd say we go generally get our food to go, and go about twice a month. You will be happy as long as you stick the to the tri tip and chicken, always delicious, and by far the best mediterranean food option the area. The taboulli and tahini salad are also good. I give it 3 stars because the staff will generally treat you like an annoyance and with what seems like a level of contempt, almost like you are bothering them for ordering your food. Also, the kebobs are ridiculous. They are good, but have always taken way longer than the 10 minute time frame they give you. I'd say plan on 15-20 minute wait for a couple sticks of grilled meat. Once you learn the rules this place is a good regular spot for mediterranean food.
Love it! Great Mediterranean food. When it comes to Boston there is not much I know. But I went here and I'm glad I did.

The way the story pans out is... my friend and I went here to a 60's dance party night. We were referred by our friend Professor Z. It was rocking, grooving and a whole lot of hip swaying. Wonderful, groovy tunes all set in a small little bar with a top notch crowd of Boston's hottest mod's. I loved it, felt like I was at home. I quite possibly was. 

And to top it all off the bartender made a wicked mean Manhattan. she is a fan of them too so she knew what to do... maker's mark-baby! It's the only way!

And then we went home and at first mornings light realized we were starving. And only Mediterranean deliciousness could satisfy this food urge. We got up and dressed for the cold that had somehow not bothered us at all the night before and struck out on the path back to the Middle East. Upon arrival we satin a tiny little booth and grubbed on such scrumptiousness as hummus, pita, lamb, etc. It was a truly glorious feast after a night of hip swinging.  

And the service was great! I love you Middle east! You complete me!

Photo's to follow!
Beyond excellent service. These guys have perfected efficiency and that's what I appreciate most about East Side Pockets. The Tzasiki sauce is phenominal. The small side which includes a couple pieces of Syrian bread and falafal is a lovely, cheap and filling meal unto it's self. The gyro is gy-normous!  Not to mention enough for two meals! If you are strapped for cash or just won the lottery, this is the place to eat on Thayer St.
Two words - FRESH and FLAVORFUL!!  That's all you need to know.  We got the lavish w/ yogurt sauce, baklava, Mediterranean pizza, & small plate with 5 choices.  Everything was delicious for a very reasonable $25.  

The location is in Troy and isn't overly appealing, but don't let that scare you away.  

The waitstaff was very helpful, courteous, and quick to serve.

Highly recommended!!
A true falafel! Fresh ingredients.... And a nice size wrap...... Ship wish I lived closer.... The vegetarian lentil soup was exploding with flavor. An
I spent 5 years at MIT eating these falafels once a week. The staff is by far the friendliest in the student center, and the food is tasty and fills you up.

Edit:
Came back to MIT a year later. Same service, same food. Awesome.
They have a lot of weekday lunch specials for those that work around there - where each meal comes with free naan and soup. Their dinners are quite expensive though. 

Had their holiday/Saturday menu, we had to pay for all the naan and rice, but it was great. They give huge portions and the curry tastes amazing. They gave us soup even though we weren't supposed to get it for free (it's because my friend who I went with is a regular). 

The wait wasn't bad, the service was great - they are really friendly people! Their website could really use some work though, not that kind on the eyes.
This place is ok, but the edge it has is the free wi-fi and the smoking section upstairs.  Though I am no longer a smoker, when I was, I would trudge myself up these stairs to do writing because it was one of the few cafes in Ann Arbor that offered indoor smoking.

I would usually get a salad -- I liked their tuna salad ok, plus there are other salads that are fine.  The crepes aren't the best, but I'm a tough critic on those.

If you're a student, or you work on your laptop a lot, then this can be an ideal place.  It can be social if you want it to be, or you can put plugs in your ears and drink your coffee slowly.
A staple restaurant. I can't count how many times I've been here but it's my top place in Troy and most of my friends agree. When people move away and return to visit, they always want to go to Ali Babas.
I always get the half/quarter chicken thing... I love the garlic spread it comes with. Good thing my bf loves it too because after we're done here, we're flaming garlic breath on each other. 

I have nothing else to say but that the chicken is so yummy. I haven't had any bad experience. I did order some tarna thing once and didn't like it because it was a bit dry. I guess I'll have to go back to picking the chicken with my fingers.
I'm fond of this place: friendly, good food, reasonable prices.  French fries are great, the other items strike me as good, not great.  I tend to prefer their chicken sandwiches (chicken shwarma and the like).  I prefer lamb/beef shwarma in a different style than they serve: I like it ground and then put on the spit as opposed to the stacking of slices on a spit.  For this style of shawma, my favorite so far has been at Abe's in Studio City.

As for the falafel, after learning how to love a truly great falafel at Pita Inn in Skokie, Illinois (Chicago), most places leave me nonplussed.  Saca's serves up one of the better falafels I've had, but it's still lacking.  Hmmm.... it's been a while since I've had their falafel, but I remember it being a bit dry inside and not quite crispy enough on the outside.

I have found the tabouleh and the hummus to be good, not great, as well.  For me, the hummus could be a bit richer.  I'm not a fan of grape leaves in general, so I can't comment on those.  As for the rotisserie chicken, I get mine from Kiki Riki.

The place tends to get crowded at lunch, and you may not be able to get a table.  They have a few tables outside, which can be pleasant on the right day - or too hot on the other days.

You order at the counter and pick up at the counter.
I've been a long time Middle East Patron. I've never had a bad time here, even when just stopping through for a quick bite to eat or a ticket for a show. The people working are nice and will usually chat you up at the bar on a slow afternoon. The drinks are pretty cheap also and while some people disagree, I think the food is fine. I usually get a grilled chicken falafel if I have some time to kill and need something cheap and filing. They also have good baklava and they serve it with little pieces of fruit.

The shows are always a great experience. This is my favorite place to catch acts next to the Paradise as it's small and the stage is pretty low to the ground. The sound system is superior also but the place is so small it wouldn't even matter. I don't always like the the downstairs since it's a little more spread out and the stage is sometimes fenced. It does get VERY hot during packed shows though but it feels pretty good during winter. In any given case, this place is a must to check out.
Ever eat something that was filling but not at all satisfying? And then after you feel gross and wonder why you ate so much of it even though it wasn't that good?

The lamb and beef sharwarma sandwich cost me a pretty penny (more than 800 pretty pennies, actually). The sandwich had a decent amount of meat and lots of veggies and sauce. The meat was very dry and tough (kind of like... flavorless beef jerky). The sauces provided some flavor but the sandwich was pretty bland. It wasn't bad but it was just "Mehhh. I don't like it that much but I should finish it because I paid so much for it. " 

The sandwich was whatever but the deep fried pita chips were amazing! So oily, so crispy, so delicious. They're also probably the reason why I'm breaking out right now. 

Would I pay that much for it again? Nope - it just wasnt worth it.
Talullas is promising, but the main courses fell short and the service fell even shorter!

If I were to go again, I might sit at the bar, enjoy a class of wine, and get the Mucver fritters and the steamed lamb and ground beef dumplings again. Those were really delicious.

Unfortunately, our "turkish pizza" was really lack luster, the tabbouleh and grape leaves were not really to our liking, and the tilapia wrapped in phyllo dough was SO fishy I thought it might not have been fresh. Those main dishes just fell so short it cast a pall over the good appetizers.

All these dishes seemed to me to be over-priced.

Lastly, the final nail in this three star coffin was the service. The servers really tend to correct with great disdain mispronunciations of the names of dishes, service is slow, you really feel like you're intruding. Its a weird feeling...made the experience kind of puzzling.
Consistently delicious food that is served quickly and quite cheap.  I don't know anyone who doesn't love this place.  Some of my favorite dishes include: 

- Chicken Shwarma
- Hummus appetizer 
- Fatoush salad with Chicken (I get this nearly every time I'm there)
- Falafel platter
- The lentil soup is wonderful for extra cold days

I don't care for any other of the competing hummus/pita joints in town -- J-garden is hands down the best/cheapest/quickest around.
My friends and I went to Soul-le-lu-jah tonight and ended up having a good time, but it was surprisingly difficult to get in the door.  I knew that the music was slated to start at 10:30, and in the past, I had seen long lines form as early as 11:00.  I figured we should get there by 10pm, have a drink or two, and be ready to groove by 10:30.  If only it had been that easy.

We arrive at around 10:00, and the guy at the door says that he isn't letting anyone in until 10:30 because they're transitioning from dinner to dancing.  Okayyyy...I ask him if we can go in and get drinks, and he testily tells us no.  He does let some of us in at about 10:25, but makes  three people from our party wait until 10:45, because...well, I'm not really sure.  It was pretty much empty, so space was not an issue.  

Once the dancing started, it was pretty fun.  However, the unnecessary drama at the front door left a bad taste in my mouth, and I'm not sure if I'll go back.  If you go, get there at 10:50pm - before the line starts, but after Zuzu's odd 'transition time'.
Probably the friendliest service I've ever had at a NYC food establishment. Food's great and cheap too. It's really nice to finally have a healthy fast food option in the neighborhood!
Super quick, super delicious and (relatively) super cheap! Nothing beats the chicken shwarma or falafel sandwiches for $5 here. Bonus points for being located near 10 minute parking downtown. I love that even on crazy nights after a football game I can still get in and out of Jerusalem Garden like lightning with cheap food for a reasonable price. Their jalapeno hummus is also wicked delicious - I think they sell it at Plum Market and a few other places around town too.
When looking for amazing Middle Eastern/Armenian fast food, I look nowhere else than Zankou! :)
Number 1, best Aladdin on the Ave. Good value and quality menu. While not as spacious, the food is better quality. I first came here after seeing the line for Thai Tom and decided on immediate gratification. I'm usually split between the gyro and the falafel, both are excellent. If I'm up for the walk, I'll almost always come here over any other gyro joint.
I feel like the falafel balls are undercooked.
I was a little skeptical coming into this place but i'm glad that I did! My boyfriend and I both ordered the shawarma. His was lamb and mine was chicken. It was very interesting. There was a lot of flavor and spice. The meat was decadent and filling. The gentleman who was serving us very nice and helpful. It's people like these that I appreciate the most. He helped us with our orders. I'll def be coming back here if I ever get a chance.
I'm agreeing that parking for this place (or anywhere relatively near it on Colorado) is a total nightmare, so you should ideally go at an off-mealtime-hour on a weekday or something, but I think the food can be worth it. I first went in a few years ago, and the only problem I ever had since then was with a very soggy eggplant pita, and that only happened once. (And it was still delicious even though it was a mess.)

I found the people working there very friendly whenever I needed to ask what ingredients were in a menu item. On that note, it's especially nice for those who may have certain dietary restrictions because you can see what's going in/on your food and it's very easy to ask for things to be left out (and in my experience, they don't screw it up).

The menu is a little limited, I think, but overall the food is generously-portioned and tasty.
What can I say, except that it lives up to it's reputation. Service was fast and courteous and food was delicious ! Place was crowded, but they service quickly. I ate the chicken kebab plate and enjoyed it.
Now, I've never been to Algiers.  But I have been to--and lived in--Morocco, and there is something magical about this place that reminds me of it sometimes.  I don't know if it's the couscous (delightfully Moroccan) or the thick Turkish coffee, or the lack of air conditioning, or perhaps even the slightly dodgy ladies' room but sometimes, sitting on the upper level, I am transported back to Fez, if only just for a few minutes.

The downstairs, however, is somehow more like Beirut...it's probably the delicious imported Lebanese wines, or maybe the hummus platter.  Whatever it is, I will keep coming back.
Tried the Kabab House with College Boy yesterday.  It was a busy place and the service was quick and cheerful.  You order at the counter in the back and then sit down and they bring out food on a little cart and push it through the small dining room looking for its owner.  A lot of people were taking carry out.  

 I ordered the special Chicken Marsala and my son ordered Chicken Vendaloo, lunch portion.  We shared a naan and had water to drink. The bill was about $21; which seems a little high for lunch on a regular basis.

We both enjoyed our choices, and will give it another try.  I want to try a kabab next time.  They also serve beer and wine at reasonable prices.
My dinner at ZuZu! was without question the worst dining experience I've ever had in my life.  That there are any positive reviews for this restaurant at all is shocking.  I still don't understand what my fiancé or I could possibly have done to warrant the horrific level of service to which we were subjected.  The only thing I can think of is that our 'waitress' somehow mistook us for the 1% that she must have overheard her central-square customer base railing against and decided stick it to 'the man.'  

Fine, it's just that WE WERE ONLY DRESSED THAT WAY BECAUSE WE HAD JUST COME FROM A FUNERAL YOU AWFUL, AWFUL, EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN BEING.
I digress.  Yes, we were on our way back from a funeral and we were dressed up a little bit more than would be normal for the restaurants in the area.  I honestly didn't think that would impact our evening as we decided to stop in central square to find a bite to eat.  ZuZu!'s menu and windows open to the pleasant climate caught our eye and we thought we found the perfect spot.  We could not have been more wrong...

Atmosphere:
The place is a little bit loud but as I mentioned it has large front windows that are open which is great in the warmer months.  There are also a fair amount of out-door tables in a sectioned-off area of the sidewalk that belong to Zu Zu as well.   Apparrently the place doubles a night-club, something we didn't realize when we stopped in, but you can't necessarily tell that from the décor or the atmostphere in general during the dinner hours.  

Food:
We split the pulled pork tacos as an appetizer.  Basically they tasted like last night's pork chops had been diced up and smothered in a fast-food packet of barbeque sauce.  I had the steak tips- I asked for Medium, so naturally they came out burnt beyond recognition and possibly stepped on.  The  jasmine rice the tips were served with apparently have a cook-time of 'indefinitely,' and the greens were on par with what you would find by rummaging through your trash.  The best my fiancé, who never says a bad thing about any meal she's ever had, could manage to say on her salmon cakes were that they were 'okay.'  So congratulations ZuZu, you managed to not be awful at something.  

Service:
As I noted above- we must have done something.  I have never been treated with such disrespect in my entire life.  I can't fathom what it possibly could have been, but if we weren't welcome I sincerely wish they would have just said so from the outset instead of subjecting us to their terrible food and abusive service.  We were told we could sit anywhere we like- we did so and after about 5 minutes a gentleman came over to clarify that he was not our waiter but could get us water.  Thanks.  5 minutes later we received our water and it was another 15 minutes before our waitress showed up.  We gave our drink order, which included this nice little exchange:

My fiancé:  There are so many fun drinks on your menu..
Waitress:  OK.  
(grabs the menu out of her hand, walks away)

Well then.  We wouldn't see her or our drinks for another 20 minutes.  It was now 45 minutes after we were seated.  Realizing that we probably wouldn't see her again for a while we ordered as soon as our drinks arrived.  Of course, the 'waitress' took the menu out of my hand before I ordered, but luckily I had ample time to memorize want I wanted during the 45 minute wait.

I could go on about how awful, snippy, and rude she was but you get the point.   Oh, and for the quality of food this place is outrageously expensive.  Look, we've all had bad days and I wouldn't take the time to write such a long, negative, review if I reasonably felt that we could just chalk this up to us catching the 'waitress' or the kitchen at a bad time.  But this goes beyond that.  We were aggressively and deliberately mistreated from the minute we walked in and I simply cannot forgive that.  

If you're thinking about giving ZuZu a try, I strongly encourage you to just stay home, set fire to $60, and punch yourself in the face.  I promise you'll have a better night.  Better yet, just go to any of the dozens of perfectly nice restaurants in central square.   If you do insist on visiting this disgrace of a restaurant, at least take the time to change if you're on your way back from a funeral.
Stopped here looking for a good food find and was glad I did. The food was awsome. I ordered the Shawarama Chicken Sandwich and it was GREAT! The sause was perfect! My wife order a Gyro which was okay, not as good as the Shawarma. Fries were good too! 2 Thumbs Up!
The hookah is good, but I can tell that there is a clique here that the waiters have their favorite regulars and if you arent one, you will notice a difference in your service to the person who is who is sitting next to you.  It is not as authentic as Hookah! down the street which is bad for me, good for some people.  Its like do you go to authentic mexican or don pablos?
In my opinion, NOT the best falafel in town. That honor goes to Haifa Falafel, though their approach is markedly different--more light and crispy, compared to the heavier patties at J Gard. But everything else here is among the best I've had at this (very low) price point. The vegetarian grape leaves, when they have them in stock, are heavenly. The hommous is great, especially smothered with hot sauce. I'm fond of the lentil soup, though I generally prefer it a bit thicker. Their version of fattoush is far from traditional, but feels so healthy and light I can't help but get it every time I go there. The fattoush at Pita Pita in Ypsilanti rivals it, but they're completely different monsters. Huge portions. Quick service. Dirt cheap dinners. This isn't the place to go for traditional Middle Eastern by any means, but it is unequivocally great and I would sooner go here th alanmost any other restaurant downtown.
This place has the best mediterranean food, cheap, very good/fast service. Conveniently located in Shopper's Lane.

I always get their chicken and beef kabob plates - comes with rice, salad, hummus, and pita bread. Consistently delicious. Their falafel is great as well.
Good hookah and tea but horribly obnoxious music, I couldn't hear myself or anyone around me. Weird people around too, like other reviewers have said the place gives off a shady vibe. Will not go again because the horrible lighting+obnoxious music made me and everyone else feel nauseous after too long. Got free shisha though, which was very kind of them.
The experience and decor is cool. Other than that, it's okay. I think it's just too expensive for what you get. Plus the seating can get ridiculously crowded and the service can get pretty bad sometimes. 

And if you want water, be prepared to pay for bottled water. Who does that?
Parking is often not quite as easy to find unless you are dining in the area around dinner in which case street parking becomes free. Located within walking distance of the University of Washington, the restaurant has experienced a nice unobtrusive remodel of its interior though not much else has changed as far as the actual dining area.

When visiting my sister, we often end up going to this restaurant and often times we order the usual beef vindaloo and the beef rogan josh. Although the both of us do enjoy the lamb, it is one of the harder meats to cook correctly and my past experiences with the lamb dishes here have been less than desirable. Our waiter seated us towards the rear of the restaurant which is a bit nicer because of the modest view over the busy adjacent intersection. The spinach nan that we ordered was delicious and the bread was soft and fresh. However, we tend to save the majority of nan to dip with our curry dishes as sort of a complement to our main meal. The beef vindaloo holds more of a sharper flavor due to the wine vinegar and ginger, though if you are hoping for a more of hearty flavor, then the beef rogan josh would be a more suitable choice.

Service at the restaurant was attentive and our waitress was accommodating even during the busy lunch hour. The restaurant is one that we frequent quite a bit within the area, but for around ten dollars a dish it is definitely worth a weekend trek up from campus.
Man I have been finding all these great places as of late and here is one more

so I was up on the Ave I had to go and see if I could find a magazine, for my partner at bulldog and I was hungry, and I thinking a Shawarma sounded good but no I am at the wrong end of the Ave for that, but then as I am walking back to my motorcycle I see the sign for Samir's, not one is this place here but there is a second place right across the street so its kinda like Dueling Gyros 

so I had to try his Lamb Shawarma as see how he faired as that is quickly becoming my new favorite sammich, and he didn't fail me the sammich was wonderfully  juicy and oh so full of flavor, I got a second one to go for my partner, and he has Orange Crush in a glass bottle that rocks
The house kabob plate was awesome.  It came with tasty rice & a small salad. Probably a little expensive for lunch, but worth the treat once in a while. If you can, I would call in the order as everything is cooked fresh.
Since beginning my (arguably) illustrious Yelping career (and that is what this has become), I pay waaaay more attention to the food I eat.  I was some kind of shovel-it-in who-gives-a-sh1t this-tastes-pretty-good eater before Yelp.  Now, I look at the dressing closely to determine "homemade or out of a bottle".  Call me crazy, but this Yelp business has sharpened my senses a bit.  But, that's another matter...

I finally made it to the Mediterranean Cafe.  The reviews looked good and the location worked (from the Sheraton on Cordova).

The chicken kebob (plate) was moist, for the most part, but a bit dry in places.  I think that's because my arrival and the cooking of the chicken were slightly out-of-sync.  Before the credit card company vouched for me over the phone line, I had a styro with the 2 kebobs, a small Greek salad, rice and the best damn hummus I've ever had.  

The marinade on the chicken was excellent -- a little tangy, adding the right amount of moist (if it had been cooked closer to my arrival).   The rice was, well, rice.  Not bad.

Alas, the fifth star is withheld for two similar, dressing-related reasons.  I tend to judge these places by their tabouleh salad.  The parsley was not chopped fine enough for me and the dressing was a bit lacking in taste and quantity.  Still good enough not to remove a star, just not stellar.  In addition, the dressing on the Greek salad seemed a little too close to the stuff that I get out of a bottle.  Not making their own?  I expected more.

In summary, the food was good, I got to sit outside on a pleasant evening, and by the way, $11.50.  I thought SoCal was expensive.
After reading the scores of reviews here, I decided I wanted to go to Algiers. I must admit I expected quite a bit from the place, but sadly I can't give it anymore than 2 stars. 
Even more than that, I was really disappointed because I took my out-of-town friend thinking we might enjoy some good fare. We were handed menus as soon as we entered, and we decided to go upstairs. I really liked the Moroccan lanterns that hung from the ceiling, but apart from that the place is really small and you can't get to some areas without brushing against the patrons who might sit at the tables against the window. 
Having been raised in the Middle East, I must say that the Combo plate (includes Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Tabbouleh, 1 falafel, and lentils w/ rice) was a major disappointment. The Hummus and Baba Ghanoush can be expected to be served cold, but what is their excuse for serving the falafel and the rice w/ lentils in the same way?! Also, might I add that they were all QUITE flavorless (more like bland!!). The mint coffee was nothing spectacular, just some mint-infused coffee with a dollop of whipped cream on top, I didn't see why I had to pay $4.25 for that. 

I felt especially bad for my friend who wanted to try some french toast, BUT was served COLD toast (yes, you read right!!), and when she requested the server to get her hot french toast, what she brought my friend was the exact same toast which was barely even lukewarm again. Also, it tasted pathetic. The mint tea my friend got was not very spectacular either. 

The service was just as lukewarm as the food itself. We were cringing at the thought of including a full 15% tip, or any tip at all, but we included a buck, I don't even know why! 

Overall, the best part of the entire meal was the anticipation of something good before all our hopes and dreams came crashing down with a loud thud. IMHO, I've tasted delicious Middle Eastern fare growing up, and if you would like to do the same, try any other place but Algiers, it's too much money for very little quality!
Looks like I'm the dissenting opinion about this place.  I ordered the chicken shawarma plate, and left pretty disappointed.  The chicken was dry and flavorless.  The only thing that helped to make it edible was to use dressing from the salad greens.  I did like the eggplant & grape leaves, but overall, I don't think I will return.  To be fair, I didn't get the what would appear to the house speciality, but I've never been much of a falafel person.  So far I'm 0 for 2 on one of favorite cuisines while strolling around Westwood Village!
Pretty decent and inexpensive falafel sandwiches that I grabbed to go MANY times while living around the corner from here. Really friendly guys running the place. They always have Turkish television (I think) on which is fun to watch, even though I never really understand!!
Stopped in for lunch and it was only fair.  I haven't been here for dinner and I've heard the concerts here are fun so this really isn't a rating for dinner. There are many choices in Cambridge for lunch and while the food was fine at Middle East, it wouldn't be my first choice.
Come try Tallulas at night-- dancing, dancing and more dancing! Typically Thursday thru Saturday, its a lot of fun and the music can be really good, depending on who's in the DJ booth for the night.  I like DJ's who know how to transition from one song to the other with a similar pace (specifically upbeat) and they keep the tempo upbeat; as well as, playing music in the same genre for a length of time, then fading into another genre for a while and so on.  DJ Nunda is excellent with this process.  Its a lot of fun, and on some occasions they have music videos to correspond to the track their playing.
This was a great experience. I've walked past this place a million and one times and have always planned to stop in. Tonight we were actually going to eat at the Indian place next to it, but they closed at 8 p.m. (Friday night), so we went to J. NO REGRETS.

Service was impeccable. From the moment you walked in, through out our meal and right to the end, everyone we encountered was friendly and engaging. 

Food: PERFECT. I ordered the kafta sandwich and it was so good. Huge ($6) Nice smear of hummus, tomato, lettuce and Kafta wrapped in a pita. YUM. I also ordered a side of majadra (sp?) and it was delish! Perfect carmelized onions, lentils, rice all mixed together. Hubs ordered the Falafel sandwich. He also noted how fresh and delish it tasted.

Ambiance: it's an itty bitty lil place. Towards the back of the restaurant you will find seating and there is patio seating outside. 

With drinks and food I think we spent $15. Good experience. : )
The owner and employees at Aladdin are friendly and gracious; the falafel is fried to order; and the pita is homemade, but the end product still falls short of delicious. The falafel balls were acceptable but Aladdin needs a nice acidic contrast in the way of fillings; all we got was shredded lettuce and thick tehina (I think it was tehina; didn't taste like hummus). Had there been some lemon to brighten the tehina, or maybe a little tabouleh, the sandwich would have been infinitely better. But there's an overall heavy, uninteresting, boring mash of flavors inside the falafel sandwich, all cradled in an overthick pita.

Until I see some tomato or lemon inside the falafel sandwiches, I don't expect to come here ever again. Additionally, whatever the red spice is that they sprinkle over the sandwich (is it really just paprika?) tastes pretty stale.
Can't get enough of this place. Always fresh, always the best. If I could give it 10 stars I would. 

House Kabab the best, Chicken the best,Steak  Kabob the best and better yet the daily specials rock. 

***************
This is my new favorite place to go with friends who are hungry and broke. Big portions, amazing home fries (more roasted vegetable than potato), homemade jam and hot sauce -- and you probably won't break ten bucks, even with a lavish tip.

I'm subtracting a star for cleanliness, but it would probably be impossible to make it cleaner AND keep the prices so low.
I love the Middle East.  First and foremost, they present fantastic, eclectic bands in some of the coolest rooms around.  I have seen more than a handful of shows here and love it everytime.

Second...whipped garlic.  Although this is not a dish you should eat then expect anyone to speak to you for the rest of the night, it's worth the solitude.  Although all of hte food here is fantastic, too - unique, and tasty and cheap - do not miss the garlic.  

Bring the mints, eat the garlic.
Med Cafe deserves 10 stars! They truly have their business down to a science. 

Usually when I go out and get Greek food somewhere else I have to wait for at least 20 minutes. At the med cafe they are so quick. And every time you get a quality meal at a fair price. All of their Kabob plates are packed with flavor and you will not be disappointed. My favorite is the beef kabob plate. The meat is seasoned to perfection. Do your soul a favor and go to Med Cafe!
Went on a Friday night. 
Loved the live band. 
Expensive but perfectly mixed Drinks. 
Great selection of food at a late hour. 
Atmosphere and Crowd: totally enjoyable. 
Bathroom oddly located. 
There was some type of hypnotizing music party, where alot of water was supplied for free, on the lower level. 
Will be returning. 
Groovy enough of a place for me to be regular. (Will not be attending the downstairs party)

Enough said. "P.S. Try the Kabobs people!"
Waiters are thieves!!! They overcharged us for drinks and add label expenses in a way they would get double tipped! Food is CRAP! The beef shawarma is one of the worst I've had in my life. I will NEVER GO BACK TO THIS CRAPEHOLE! Where is the zero star???
Price and taste it gets a 5 star. Parsley salad is slammin with refreshing flavor along with the chicken shawerma wrap. Falafels are good too. 

The only better place taste wise i've been to is The Mediterranean in Concord, Ca. however i didnt even give them a five star since they are pricey.
Let me begin by saying I don't know jack about Mediterranean food. I do like the Hummus and the Chicken Shawerma (sp?) The staff is nice also. Food tastes good, they have good service, and is appropriately priced.
I really don't see why Brookline Lunch has 4 stars. I don't find much about this to enjoy.  I've heard it's because of the prices, but that doesn't equally two (or possibly even three - I almost wanted give them one) extra stars in my book. Maybe it's not the breakfast that this place is getting credit for. I hope not, because if it is, I missed something. Something big.
Shawarma is great, falal was just okay. Overall was a good place to get a quick bite.
You want fast service? You want good food?  You want good service? You want really really good Mediterranean food?  I recommend this place to everyone that comes to Pasadena.  This is the bang for the the buck awesome Mediterranean food you can have in the Pasadena area (maybe all of US.. better than the place on the way to Vegas).  I've tried other Mediterranean place in pasadena and THIS WILL NOT DISAPPOINT@!!! 

Recommend: Chicken Shawarma (Good spice and not dry)
I'm gonna have to say that Aceituna has the best chicken shawarma in town. I know its slim pickings around here for that, but the chicken is  deliciously marinated and it's pretty quality. Over the years they have started skimping a little on the fillings and meat, but its still awesome. French fries are great as well.  Only downside is the odd hours, so make sure to check before you go.
Yummy yummy in my tummy!  We just get the whole chicken, cook some rice at home, and then BAM- instant dinner + yums garlic sauce (however, not as craveworthy as chicken dijon's garlic sauce) + some Thai chicken sauce I have at home.  Easy peasy lemon sqeeezy dinner and leftovers for lunch the next day.  My Pasadena/more expensive alternative to Thai Chicken on Fire.
To all the haters of Falafel King, I say pfffffft.  The trick is to avoid the deep fryer and go for the pick-and-choose salad plate:  hummus, greens, marinated mushrooms, eggplant with tomato, etc.  Very tasty.  Oh, and the purple pickled thingamabobs down at the end of the bar rule my world.  I order an extra pile of them every time.  

Definitely wouldn't touch the chips though.  They look like fried ears.
Love the soul night. Eclectic mix of people eccentrically dressed and unpresumptuous. People come to get down. I feel unity on soul nights.

Also love the queerish-whatever goes nights. Fruitcake is the bomb. Where has it been? The other Tuesday nights are just as Rad.

Just last week one of the front door/bouncer/do it all ladies helped my friends out. Some semi drunk dude came dancing up behind one of my friends. She was sort of unaware. However i was not because she is my ex and I am protective. Super Bouncer lets call her interjected in a casual way and pulled him aside to check his ID. I later on thanked her. She then later on stopped by and whispered that he was probably on his way out as he was increasingly annoying other around him and was a bit too drunk. She said to just let her know if he was a problem and he would get the boot. It was very nice of her.

I've been ah missing manray ever since it closed years back. This place brings back a little of the fun I used to have there. Plus duuuurty Central (which is cleaning up btw) is just so fun and random.

p..to the s..the decor is chill and relaxing. While waiting for my friends to arrive I picked up a Pheonix and a draaank and cozied up on the couch under red lights that make you feel warm and want to stick your tongue out at passersby outside cause your all cozy..and there all not (in the winter atleast)

PaDoW!
Lord... I wish we had Aladdin's Falafel Corner in Tacoma. After my brother brought me here after a Seahawks game a few months back, I found out for the first time what an actual gyro is supposed to taste/look/smell like. And wow... everywhere in Tacoma is selling dumps in pita bread with some odd sort of white sauce and calling it a gyro and charging 10.00. but it's cool, because these locations all give you a .35 cent can of safeway select (which I don't even think Safeway has sold for 6 years). 

   Aladdin's runs circles around every single other gyro I have had in my lifetime. So much so, I have boycotted all "gyro" locations other than Aladdin's. Alot of people I know have not experienced Aladdin's so they found it hard to believe how adamant I was regarding this issue, but after I drove from Tacoma to Seattle JUST to prove to them what a real gyro is, they agreed...  and luckily, I didn't look so crazy anymore. 

    Sincerely,
     Boycotting all others
The food tastes good but it isn't anything special. The Shawarma was pretty much a gyro but the meat tasted good; since I know how a real shawarma tastes and looks it was very disappointing.... The worst part was the service!! Horrible service!! Also, minimum $8.00 to use your card.  I like Blue Nile way better!!
Pretty average falafel sandwiches.  Not bad, but pricier than I would like to pay for what it is.  I'll be back if I'm hungry and around the area, but that says more about the location than the food itself.
Jerusalem Garden has the most delicious falafel in Ann Arbor! It's a moderate trek from campus, but inexpensive, quick, and freshly made. It's a good place to go when you need to satisfy both vegetarians and us meat-eaters. The baklava is also pretty great. Just too bad they no longer have that mid-east mango nectar.
ZUZU is awesome!
good different music every night of the week. Cheap, fun, yum!
DRY CHICKEN !Overpriced($2-3 above similar chicken Pollo Loco),staff not very friendly.  Portions have shrunk. Skip this dive and head to Popeyes
Solid food. I'd like to give this place three and a half stars but since yelp won't let me fraction the stars, 3 it is!

I went for dinner on a Tuesday evening with three friends. I was suprised to see how many other people were there. Being busy on a Tuesday does speak highly of a restaurant. We started off with the Cold Combination platter, which has hummas, baba ganush, and tabooli (forgive my spelling!). It came with a ton of pita. How often do you order dips and have them come with like one pita for a table of 4? It was my first time trying baba ganush and the tabooli. Baba ganush is good. I like eggplant so an eggplant dip is yummy. Tabooli on the other hand... well, I'm not a fan of a ton of parsley, so I didn't love it. My friends that like it said that their tabooli was excellent, so there you go. The hummas was just eh. Let me explain by saying I have extremely high hummas standards. I love hummas, eat it constantly, and have had it in two Middle Eastern countries. I also had it earlier that day with my lunch. So yeah, by my standards I thought the hummas was a little weak. But you know what wasn't weak? The falafel I had as my meal. Hot damn, that was good falafel! The falafel wrap was yummy and massive. One friend had the pumpkin kibby, which he said was awesome but I didn't try, and two other friends split the shrimp kabob. I'm guessing it was great because all of the plates were empty after our meal. I almost forgot the harissa! They have this amazing chunky hot sauce, which came with the pumpkin kibby and the kabob, but also worked quite well on my falafel. 

One thing to note: they include an 18% tip with the bill, regardless of your party size. I'm surprised by this. A party of 6 or more, sure, add that tip right on, but a party of 4? Seriously? Don't get me wrong, our waitress was really nice and she most certainly would have received at least 18%. But what if she wasn't? What if she had been so terrible that she straight up didn't deserve 18%? I wonder how many patrons don't notice and tip on top of the tip-included bill. Is that what they are going for?
I had my wife and her sisters research this place while we were driving around in the car; another Yelp recommendation.

This place was super crowded around lunch time. In my eyes they must be doing something right. Even though it is crowded, and the line is long, they manage to get your food to you in no time.  The Grape Leaves, and Hummus we ordered for appetizers were really really good!! Better than some fancy Mediterranean restaurants that I've been to. I ordered the combo platter with Chicken and Lamb. Man that had to be one good stuffed pocket. Good thing we walked around Providence after.
I really want to love them... its Persian food in Pasadena and I love Kabob! It should be a match made in heaven... but it just falls short. 

The experience seems to get increasingly worse each time I go. Tonight was probably the last time I'll eat there... they used to give you the most wonderful fluffy persian rice... tonight it was mushy and oily. The barg and koobideh portions were plentiful but both kabobs had a strange aftertaste that I couldn't quite place my finger on.

Service was also kind of hit or miss. There were two girls running the floor and though they were sweet -- they were clearly overwhelmed, -- we didn't even receive our silverware until we had food sitting in front of us for several minutes. Drink orders got missed.. it was a shame.

On the whole I think they really need to get additional wait staff on the floor and go back to the good food that put them on the map a few years back. For now -- I would say go to Raffi's in Glendale if you have the yearning for kabob.
Not bad. The food here definitely fills you up. My workplace likes to order food from this place sometimes and honestly, I can't say that I'm thrilled when this place is chosen. A lot of people seem to like it though.
The chicken seems a little dryer and oilier than it should be and I'm not a big fan of their hummus. I do like their garlic spread (when you have extra, you can reuse it to make garlic bread!) but overall I've just never been too fond of this place. 

I would rather go a few blocks over to the Mediterranean Cafe and enjoy their food. But you might really like this place. Maybe it's a either/or situation where you love Zankou or you love Mediterranean Cafe.
I almost hesitate to review Brookline Lunch, because it's already so crowded so often - but I almost owe them the businees, considering how often I'd go if I still lived in Cambridge.  This place serves a phenomenal omelette with a sweet chili sauce, I must say - but I've not gotten one since I tried their lamb kabob.  Tons of tender lamb, fresh vegetables cooked to perfection (still slightly crunchy!),  and mind-blowing sauce over rice - nothing else like it.  Oh, and did I mention - it's less than six bucks for more than I can eat in one sitting.
If ever I were to move from Michigan, and could only go to one restaurant during a return visit, it would be this one.  Their lentil soup is sublime, especially with the hot sauce and fresh squeeze of lemon.  Their baba is perfection.  The falafel with hummus sandwich is a cheap and nourishing staple.  Finishing the meal off with Turkish coffee and a pistachio baklava makes the experience complete.

This is one of those rare places where each time you return, you are guaranteed the same level of high quality.  It's my ultimate comfort food and it is a quintessentially "Ann Arbor" locale.  Please brave the construction in the area and give them your business, because they are one of the few places that truly deserve it.
I was meeting some friends in Westwood for dinner, hopped on Yelp to pick the spot, and had us all meet here at Bella Pita. 

So many good reviews!

None mentioning that its basically a counter-only operation: no seating! 

If you're ready for awesome take out though, this place really is great. We grabbed our (yummy, fresh, incredible) falafel sandwiches, threw in our condiments, and ate 'em next door at the In-n-Out Burger patio.

Falafel: to die for
Pita bread: so fresh! like eating pita for the first time!
Condiments: oooooooooooooo! yumz!

I'll go back there again, especially if I'm dining solo!
One of our family faves - we always try to go here at least once each time we're in the region.  The hand-baked lavash bread and yogurt sauce are reason alone to stop in.  We usually have the appetizer with the chicken durum ( chicken, lettuce, onions, etc., rolled up in a lavash with the yogurt sauce).  Reasonable prices.
I would give this place a 3.5 IF there was any other decent place around for middle eastern food, but none exists. So , based on what I had tonight for dinner, I'll gladly go back. 

I got a shish kebab sandwich which was quite decent, and a rice pudding which was delicious, like really really good! 

Other menu items were a bit overpriced, but no too much. Sandwiches are mostly $8 for their large size, which was quite big. The entree's were in the $15~$20 range, and the salads are typically $7. 

I was surprised that I couldn't have my dinner sandwich there, as apparently sandwiches are only available for dine in before 4 PM, so I had to take out. Still, good food. 

Warning: no discover, plan to bring your visa or mastercard.
I usually don't write reviews but today I have to. I come to this place often as I like the food and I never had any problems until today and i'm still fuming. So I get to this place around 6:20 and they close at 7:00pm and my friend got there earlier (not even 10 minutes before me) so he got  his food and was sitting at a table outside and there were a bunch of people eating outside still. I go to order my food and the guy says to me that at the moment they are only serving take out so I said ok no problem; I get my food and go sit outside at my friends table and not even a minute later..... they guy storms out leaving the cashier machine unatended (there were other customers waiting to order) and starts yelling at me telling me that he told me it was only take out and that I had to leave...I was a baffled... I turn around and I tell him that my friend was there eating already and thats why i was sitting with him to eat... he starts yelling some more telling me that he had told me it was take out only and that the other people ordering are going to start sitting if they see me sitting there. He was yelling at me in front of all the other customers who were baffled too and you can tell they were thinking "what the hell is this guys problem". This guy didn't tell my friend to leave, it was just me he was yelling to,  so he wanted me to leave my friend there and just go somewhere else to eat; the whole thing didn't make any sense but he was furious; I was so pissed but I didn't want to lower myself to his level so me and my friend grabbed our plates and left. This was one of the most uncomfortable experiences and all for no real reason and as a result I will never come back to this place even though I like the food, nor will any of my friends. This is the classic example of one of those places that has so many customers so they don't care about treating them like crap so if you don't want to support that kind of behaviour from a business and want to save yourself a potential bad time I suggest not eating here as these people are truly idiots.
This place is fast, cheap (well not cheap cheap, but the fact you get a LOT for the price - cheap), and easy.

This place is a hole in a wall that is popular. The food is given to you so fast and tastes really good.

SERVICE:
Fast. You don't really interact with the people. You order and they give you your food. You get the food quickly. It's amazing. 

FOOD:
The plate is big. I order the chicken shawerma and it's big. It's an extra 50 cents to only have all salad and no rice, but you get a large salad. 

LOCATION:
Lots of parking but at lunch time... no parking.

AMBIANCE:
Hole in a wall. 

This place is good for fast cheap and easy. It's seriously fast!

Falafal is good too.
hummus GOOD
chicken kabob GOOD
veggie wrap GOOD
pita chips GOOD..

big fan considering i come here possibly 2 times a week! the owner and work staff are always friendly and keep you coming for more with their sweet treats!
It took me an entire year to make my second visit, and I'm ashamed I haven't frequented this place more.

This place is small, but its very clean and far from being a 'hole in the wall'. The day that I went, the girl was actually training a new person. She kept apologizing for making me wait while she explained everything to the new girl - but my wait time was almost nonexistent (I was in there for no more than 15 minutes). 

I got my food to go, and went back to mi casa to dig in. My pita sandwich was so fresh - it's like they have a secret greenhouse in the back and they pick your veggies after you order. They put just the right amount of feta cheese on it too, and its not too tart like some other places nearby. My friend got hummus and falafel on his pita and loved it (however my hummus and falafel are better by default). And the fries are so good. They have that in-between texture of crispy/soggy with the right amount of salt. I also got the baklava, and me & my friend thought it was great.

Overall, Hummus has super fresh and tasty food, and their employees are fast and upbeat.
The gyros and falafels are fabulous.
The walk up window is a nice perk.
I am surprised by the crowds at this restaurant. It looks like a hospital cafeteria. Poor, rude service by an evil woman, long wait for food that was sub par. My husband and I thought we would give it a try since we live close by and love the Mediterranean Cafe over by Lake. This doesn't come close to the flavor at Med Cafe. Our chicken was OK, kind of dry- rice good and fluffy, but the hummus was boring and the red pickled mystery veggie was odd. We got 4 containers of something that looked like butter, but were too afraid to try it since it looked processed. Last but not least, the pita was old. If I want to be treated poorly to get OK food, I will go back. We generally prefer places where they are nice to you and act like they appreciate your business. Even better when the food is good.
I kept hearing people complain about the hummus not being tasty, or the prices being way to ridonk so I never really tried this place.. I mean Ramis is like right there and I happen to love me some Ramis.. but when my boss ordered food from hummus for our monthly staff meeting I realized how much I've been missing out on.. The hummus is so delicious.. in a very simplistic way. I literally ate it with my fork after making my little falafel and hummus pita.. yummmmmmmmmmmmm
 the other spread we got, I think it was baba ganoush was not good at all.. But the HUMMUS at HUMMUS is NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...haahah I just really had to say that

the pita was super fresh, we got our food super quick after ordering too... the falafel wasn't nearly as good as ramis or mamas vegetarian but for that hummus I can deal with it.
Indian chipotle with freshly made naans. Their spicy chicken is nicely seasoned and the sweet tangy sauce goes well with it. Just make sure you're willing to get your hands dirty, the sauce will drip.
Tried this place last week. There was a line, but it was moving quite fast. There service was friendly, the place is clean. I ordered the Kafta Kabob Pocket, made with ground beef with middle eastern seasoning, plus hummus. It was delicious, I am a big fan of hummus and grape leaves stuffed with rice, parsley, onions & other spices. Yes, I recommend this place, if you want good food, good price and if you are on the go.
this place makes breakfast feel like you are in your friends apt. cool paintings from a local gallery. nice grilled veggies with breakfast. Friendly owners. very affordable. love the hot sauce and jam with the meal. nice environment.
There's a vibe here that's sort of "Seat yourself; we'll be there in a minute," and I don't say that in a negative way. It's an unfussy and welcome relief from the scenester coffee shops you can easily find in the area. They have excellent hummus; that alone is worth a visit. The best thing about Algiers, however, is the upstairs deck. You might as well be in a treehouse with some tea or a glass of wine: you can be outside enjoying a lovely summer evening in Harvard Square but without, you know, sitting outside on a Harvard sidewalk.  (The only drawback to this is if you are sensitive to hookah smoke, as it sometimes wafts up from the downstairs tables.)

They've got some awesome-looking old school espresso and coffee machines near the registers. You should also look up, immediately upon stepping in the front door, and check out the mirrored details on the architecture.

Bring a book; bring a good friend; bring a desire to relax and enjoy some deliciousness.
I went here today and boy was I pleased! I had a falafel sandwich and my boyfriend had the lamb sandwich. We also split a side of fries. The food was all delicious and wasn't too pricey. I think had I been hungrier I might have benefited from having a platter instead of a sandwich, but it hit the spot for lunch. The service was quick and friendly and the establishment was very clean. I'll definitely be going back!
Came here around once a week for my lunch break during work, and I have to say it's pretty fabulous.  Hummus, pita, and meat.  Everything works, the price is decent, and it's nice change from other fast food places.  I didn't really order the kabobs until later into my Zankou experience, but it has now become one of my favorites.  

Get the plates, it's well worth it.

And the for the single ladies and gay dudes, Pasadena's finest Fire Fighters and Police Officers will occasionally stroll in here for a meal.
i like the hummus here now woooooo!!!!
Although I've found hookah elsewhere to be more worthy in quality, it is worth putting up with in trade for it's late night ambiance pizazz dipped in red lighting.  Established in the scopes of the UCLA campus, the type of crowd this spot tends to attract are "young mobsters".  Despite some of the recent upheavals that have reduced its reputation into a notorious one, there is a lot of late night loving packed into this one gregarious café.   Speaking of habibi  (which translates to "my love" in Arabic), it has "my love" plastered in most all languages on the left walls of this sinister café!  
On high energy occasions guests up to dance (as one of my former girlfriends used to get crazy on the restaurant's counter tops) but then again I might have to be the one to remind you that this is not a nightclub and you're not in HOLLYwood, you're in WESTwood! But who cares, dance away!
This is the one joint that will give you the feel that you're not in the hands of easy going American customer service (the root of its complaints) so you may not feel you're in LA because of that.  You cannot expect the waiters/ waitresses to be at your feet all the time, not because they don't like you but for reasons that it gets super busy.  
I don't know of any other hookah bar where adjacent tables of separate parties frequently spark to new friendships or maybe it's just me, my friends, and our bloody luck.  The other hazard is that conversations may be engulfed by its thick medley of loud Middle Eastern music so this may not be the perfect first-date place unless you like to yell over the music. There are some bigoted qualities about the service; including the waiters being a lot nicer to the ladies.  I'd like to reiterate this again about the hookah: it by no means leans on the harsher side and because of that I don't go back as often as I used to.  Plus he has a competitor named Gypsy Café who is  just a J-walk across the street. 
The food is alright although I wouldn't recommend ordering the plain and boring salad.  If you happen to drop by during daylight hours, you certainly won't get that same hazy "late night habibi" effect.
I hope one fine day habibi gets his act together (from the difficult hookah, the ridiculous service to other things you probably might know about). As far as the reputation goes, it doesn't matter what people think because when you love something its discrepancies will go blind on you.
My aunt had her first date with her (now ex) husband here once upon a time..  I think that brought my feelings down on it right away.  I had a mint iced tea that was lovely and refreshing, I suggest a table upstairs next to the big circular cut-out so you can peek down!  That was pretty fun!  Ok ladies room minus the waiting..  they have advert post-cards in there so that is pretty funny.  (-;
Aladdin has become my staple place when I try to get my friends with the most zenophobic eating habits to change their ways and embrace foods from beyond Jack in the Box and Red Robin.  And Aladdin has never failed.  Great food for good prices and very friendly staff.  Be prepared for having to take your food to-go, as there's as much seating as a Smart Car.
Sunrise Deli is one of those famous hole-in-the-wall types of places, but it's definitely a place worth trying if you're obsessed with Middle Eastern food like I am. 

I tried their Chicken Shawarma and I was quite blown away by how flavorsome it was. The chicken was properly marinated and it worked well inside the pita bread wrap. The tahini sauce, hummus and tomatoes only enhanced the taste of this wrap. 

My friend gets their Super Falafel and he recommends it as a delicious and filling vegetarian option. This place is a good eat if you're bored with the chain places like Chipotle and Subway on Bancroft. I recommend it to all Mediterranean food lovers!
If Moody's were just a regular falafel joint, I'd give it maybe three stars at most. Points for pretty good falafel wraps (and to all you pickle-naysayers, you can dislike them all you want, but they're supposed to be there, and in my opinion they add a needed bit of tang), but not so much for the decently textured but bland lamb shawarma.

However, Moody's is no regular eatery, but the place that welcomes your drunk ass in at 2:15 am, after you've stumbled out of some bar or club and realize you might want some food to soak up some of that booze (at least on Wednesdays-Saturdays). It's the place that means you don't have to rely on greasy pizza at HiFi after a show at the Mideast. It's the place that does all of that for about $4-5 for a huge sandwich. If that isn't worth some more love, I don't know what is.
Great little middle eastern cafe in west midtown, near the 14th Street mosque.

The dining room itself is very nice.  During lunch, you have the option of a buffet or ordering off the menu.  Dinner entrees also include a mix of options that range from Lebanese to Ethiopian specialties.  I had the lamb kefte, which was spiced just right and cooked to the right temp.  

Overall a great experience and great prices.  Unfortunately, the kibbe nayyeh (a tartare of sorts) is only offered on Saturday, but I'll be back!
Poor Value...Good food, but now more than ever, too overpriced.

Paying close to $9+ for the falafel plate (5 pieces of falafel, three tablespoons of hummus, and pickles) is a bit ridiculous.
Love it.

I ordered a falafel, fries and a mexican coke (real sugar!) for a cheap amount, ( i have to admit i forgot the price, but it was a fair one)
I love the fact that you can top your sandwich yourself,  it provides so much delicious freedom.  

If I went to UCLA i would visit here daily, but since I don't, I'll come here every time I visit m UCLA friends.

I think there also open hella late, which is always great.
This is an odd sort of a place. Its a grocery store with a cafeteria and a meat store all built in a fairly small shop size. It is crowded and the line at the counter doesn't give any room to ask questions to the chaps at the checkout counter, who unfortunately, are also the only ones who appear helpful.
The Middle East holds a special place in my heart.  I always think back to the first time I ever went, to see June of 44 and the Wicked Farleys downstairs when I was 18...since then I've probably spent a million nights there, progressing from the big black under 21 Xs on my hands to the neon wristbands enabling me to partake of cheap beer and awful cocktails.  It's really where I came to LOVE live music...the ME is truly an institution in the Boston music scene...and it's the vibrant heart of an otherwise pretty dreary Central Square.

Like everything else, the ME has changed a lot over the years...like Josh G mentioned I'm not sure what those Emergenza shows are all about...but it's still a great place to catch a show, and I'm sure that as long as the Boston music scene continues to be soooo amazing,  it always will be.
If you like Zankhou chicken then you will probably like this place.  I felt the food was decent.  Nothing to give 4.5 stars on yelp for.  Prices are great, but I've had better.
Zankou is always good... When I'm craving protein doused with garlic (which oddly enough happens often) Zankou is the place to go! 

My bf & I share a whole chicken (although he can finish a whole by himself, he's nice enough to let me have some), with a side of hummus and tabouleh. He eats mostly just the chicken, which is always steaming hot and fresh when we get it. I prepare each bite meticulously in the pita bread, with chicken, hummus, tabouleh, garlic sauce, and a little Tapatio. I highly recommend my way - it'll be the best bite you've ever take of Zankou chicken!

There is usually no parking in their tiny lot in the back, but maybe you'll get lucky. Otherwise attempt to find street parking in the front or around the corner. The food is worth the hassle.
I really liked the falafel pita here.  I'll definitely come back.
Cedars is one of the best restaurants in town, as far as food. I love the ambiance (super romantic). I love the menu (loads of veggie options). I love the area of town it is in (U-District). Still, I have to laugh every time I go there, as it has some of the worst service I have ever experienced. It's everything from the forgetful waiter to the annoyed owner (?) because you didn't eat enough of your food. I am patient, so it doesn't get to me, but it is shockingly bad. 

Do order the vegetarian appetizer sampler, if you go.
This was my first time eating real Persian cuisine, so I can't really say anything bad because I have nothing to compare it too.

My fellow diner and I shared a plate of kabobs and rice.  The kabobs were delicious--juicy and perfectly cooked.  No overcooked rubberiness at all.

The rice was moist, flavorful, and fragrant.  It was super nice.

Even though both items were moist, it was kind of hard to eat them together.  Maybe I should've ordered something else to accompany the rice too to make it physically easier to swallow.

Extra points for not only being halal, but quality halal.

I'd go back.
Time runs at a different pace here. I mean that in a good way. Ok that means slow service but the music, lighting and general vibe can lull even the most wound up type A person into sitting there for hours and hours, reading or chatting or just watching the world go by. All other coffee places I can think of Boston are so cramped and busy and end up stressing me out and make me feel like I have to do five million things. I personally consider this place its own form of therapy. An escape from Harvard Sq without actually having to drag your a$$ on the T. Oh, sit upstairs. Their food and drinks are pretty good, when they finally do arrive. But Algiers isn't that kind of place where it's supposed to be all bam bam bang fast. Sloooow. Yay

Also Algiers is the one time I ever got to hang out with a celebrity wowowow (Jonathan Taylor thomas during his brief stint at Harvard - his gf was roomates with my friend who happened to be visiting for break). ooooooh!!!
Rendez-vous has furniture so cheap it's nearly disposable, exclusively paper cups and plates, bagged tea next to the register on the company displays (tazo and republic of), a dozen or so pump thermoses filled with coffee brewed god knows how many hours ago (multiple fair trade, flavor, and decaf options), and a mediterannean-inflected deli menu of sandwiches, pitas, and salads.  The mozarella on the pesto sandwich is pressed, not fresh, and I take that to be paradigmatic although I dearly hope the hommous is homemade.  What is it about this place that I adore?   #1) Smoking, upstairs.  Between that and the furniture mismatch and miscellaneous inoffensive grime and the half-heartedly decorative booksheves obviously turned functional, it actually feels like the kind of place one could be productive.   #2) Hookah. Whether or not you partake, it smells lovely and when you're done trying to be productive, there are interesting people doing interesting things with a pretty pipe.   #3) A complete lack of pretense, rare in this town and reflected in the prices.  It makes things like the high-quality espresso beans and fresh juices seem impressive.   Further perks include wifi, a second-floor deck that will open during the several seconds of summer that may eventually arrive in May, a complete chess board, and a pleasant array of baklava-esque sweets.
Good stuff. Open late. Hole-in-the-wall. Good people.
Food was okay. Service sucked. The chicken kabob was tasty but the barg was not good at all. Just a piece of over cooked chewy meet. :(
I love this place.  I love that the food is ridiculously good, not to mention inexpensive.  I love that it's a family business and the kids are often the ones clearing your plates.  I love the people-watching I can do here.  The booths are clearly the best place to sit.
Kishki halal keeps it simple.  
They serve falafel and shawarma, that's it.  

They're good at it.  I hope the menu does not expand.  

The restaurant is tiny with a small counter for eating in, if you're into that.  Kishki halal is setup for take-out.  The food is fantastic.
I consider myself a big connoisseur of spicy sauces and I MUST SAY that the spicy sauce here is very very delicious. I really really want to come back here with a jug and fill it with their hot sauce and eat it with every sandwich I make. 

WOW the falafel and food was JUST what I needed after an intense Halloween. Best hangover food is without a doubt pho, but this was a close second. Everything tasted so fresh! The beef was so juicy and nicely seasoned! the veggies you get to stuff into the pita are fresh and so tasty!! 

GAH I WANT THAT HOT SAUCE!
This place is delicious! I had the chicken wowshi today and I love how I could customize it to my tastes with the veggie bar. 

There's only a small bench that you can sit at, so good luck "eating in." I'd fill up the wowshi halves and go sit at In N Out.
Happy to get to know this no-frills neighborhood spot. The decor is a miss, but the food (and the roasted veggies on the side) are a hit. The portions are really generous & you walk away feeling happy and your wallet stays fat...whats not to like about that?
Visited again, I really like their hummus. Sometimes the beef seems overcooked and dry, but the chicken is usually excellent. Service has improved.
Yummy reasonably priced eats. Love their nutella crepes as well as their wraps. I don't lunch here enough. Wish they still had gelato though!
An excellent place for live music, in an area where you can throw a rock and hit a live music joint without even aiming all that well.

I saw a ton of bands perform here back in the old days, including Moxy Fruvous, Jonathan Richman, the Mighty Mighty Bosstones and The Dropkick Murphys.  Note to self: Do not go see the DK Murphys live in concert.  Ever again.  I'm still having bad flashbacks.

I think the bathrooms are a bit scary, so do your bidness and get the hell out.  Other than that, have a great time.  Just avoid the Dropkick Murphys.  Trust me on this.
I would give this place a higher rating, but the food can be very hit or miss.  The service is poor and the interior is dirty.
Forgot my pita bread. Came 90 minutes late.
Twice the charm for this place, the food selected was better. Except that the restaurant's identity is confused - formal setting, orders by menu and not on a board BUT they serve you with disposable plates etc. You have to get your own water too and do the clean up. The menu has so much selection that can result to confusion for those unfamiliar with it - need to trim it down to only the more tasty or popular dishes. This place is worth checking out.
This was the one place in Providence I had bookmarked before my trip because it got such great reviews, and I'm glad we stopped.  Located along a great little street in the heart of Providence (close to Brown), it's surrounded by shops, nightlife, everything.  I really wanted to hang around, but I had only gotten 1 hr of sleep the night before on the plane, so we took our order to go.
My only complaint is I wish the pita bread had been grilled either before or after making my gyro.  I really hate tortillas and pitas that break when you eat them.  I want my tortillas steamed and my pitas grilled, though I'm sure they would throw it on the grill if you asked.
I love the variety of things you can get on your gyro (or whatever you're getting)-hummus, tahini, tabouli, siracha, tzaziki (say that 10 times fast), all for no extra charge.  I wanted to get everything, but figured my pita would be way too weighed down by the end.
Their pita chips are really good, topped with some sort of spice, and really good with a side of hummus.
Also, the staff was great.  I loved the way the guy wrapped up my gyro in foil and then twisted it around, threw it back and forth between his hands, like a little show.  I love when people have fun at their jobs.
Best of all East Side Pocket is cheap!
decent food. i have had better falafel and hummus tho. service is good, prices are good.
Tom's Tabbouley is amazing! Truly.

I come here because I like to eat local and the service is wonderful. The owners are so sweet. Also, the atmosphere is great, especially when there's live music. I come here on a regular basis because it's great for studying or just chilling with friends. (For studying, I enjoy their diner seats because it's the buttcomfort of a couch/sofa but there's a table for work!) Even when they don't have live music though, their regular music selection is lovely and not overwhelming as some other cafes where I've studied at are. In fact, my friend and I have a Tom's Tabbouley playlist on grooveshark that we regularly update.

It epitomizes Austin in that it is so very chill yet eccentric enough to keep you on your toes.

Meal of choice: Tabbouley melt and frozen chai.
In this bizarro city where good brunch places are about as hard to find as a bar open past midnight, nice people, and a warm day, Brookline Lunch was definitely a breath of fresh air.  Delicious BRUNCH food, good service, and cheap.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was that I don't think they serve bloody marys, which are essential for the perfect brunch. :)
What can I say about the middle east. It is the perfect venue for real music. The ultimate plus is that the food upstairs is outstanding. The beer is cheapish (for a club) and the staff is friendly. They some how find alot of friendly, flirty goth chicks to staff the place.

The downstairs, where the bigs acts play, has to be one one of the most intimate rooms in the country. The stage is right on top of the audience and the acoustics are mind blowing.

Too bad some of the real big acts can't afford to play a place like this. Imagine seeing The Strokes here. It would be awsome
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this yet. I have been coming here for many years. There aren't very many Persian restaurants. I am glad I have discovered this place and that it's close by. The owners are VERY, very nice people. So warm and friendly. I feel bad because the every time I've gone place is usually empty and could use an update. But don't let that deter you. The food is very good. It's a bit expensive but like I said, very good. I like their lentil soup and hummus. I also like their Persian tea (their version of Earl Grey.) My favorite plate is the beef or chicken koubideh which are two ground beef or chicken kabob strips. It's very flavorful and comes with rice. It's enough for two people to share.  I haven't tried everything else yet, but I'm sure most of the other items are also delicious. Be sure to check this place out!
Middle East downstairs has a nice wide open feeling to it, and the stage is easily viewable from most areas on the floor. The bar on the first floor is expensive though, and the bartenders seem like they always want you to move along downstairs or upstairs for the shows.

The last band I saw here was Isis, so they definitely get good bands here. The sound is usually good too. It seems to carry ok all the way to the back and everything.

All in all, it's certainly one of the best places in the Boston area to see a show, it's just not a good place to drink and hang out.
SO GOOD. I'm keeping my review short because everyone else has said it all. Small place, not always room to sit. But their pocket are amazing! Go for some cheap, delicious eats!
I've dined at quite a few Mediterranean restaurants in the area and I can say with confidence that Sheesh is the most delicious! I eat here weekly and am always impressed. The service is wonderful as well!.
The definite gem of this place is the girl behind the counter. Absolutely loved her enthusiasm and her general kick ass personality. I wish all people who were at work were like her. But, then, I would be way more broke.

Bf and I loved the shwarma, the pita, the baba, the hummus, the tahini sauce, the lamb kabob. Everything. Definitely deserves the recently won award for best shwarma in Philly 2012. Thank god I finally found it.
One of my favorite mediterranean food places to go to its chicken tarna and Beef Shawerma are extremely delicious. The food is very affordable and is worth the money. Zankou chicken is where i started to enjoy the new exotic mediteranean food now im hooked!
not bad, probably the best so close to campus
the falafels are wonderful, fresh, hot and amazingly delish
the prices are good
the owners are nice
the pickles are great too
im a vege so i cant say anything about their meat dishes, but they smell good! hahaha
Much has been made of Zankou Chicken both by Yelp and by Beck, and I really don't mean to rag on  the place, but I was...underwhelmed.  I admit the prices are good, and it's kinda of fun to play a game of "Spot the Cal-Tech" students here (hint, it's REALLY easy).  The food, however left me unimpressed.  The chicken seemed overcooked, it was dry and the skin had the texture of rice krispies - which may not be a bad thing, it may be by design, and thats fine, but I didn't like it.  The spices were subdued and the garlic paste that everyone talks about didn't really taste like garlic all that much and the texture (gelatinous?) was kind are bizarre and disgusting.    That said, the hummus was pretty good.

I'm going to stick with Soumarelo where I can get the exact same meal  (rotisserie chicken, garlic paste, rice, pita) and it tastes a heck of a lot better
I love this place!
Walked in after a hot run from BON :D
They were cordial and decided to sit outside because  1.)we didn't want to stink up the place   2.)no available spots inside!

Apparently many people choose to double park in the small parking lot infront of the restaurant, but I wouldn't recommend it for those with low cars. I heard someone scrape their underside!

I was going to order the Turkish Yogurt drink but the guy (owner?) let me have a sample first. Good thing b/c it wasn't happening. 

He explained the menu and we got the super thin pizza (w minced lamb?) It was flavorful and the thin crust crispy. My table also got the sandwiches - Amash? and another with lamb grilled cubes - Both good. The chopped lamb (amash?) was flavorful and you can taste the smoky grilled-ness of the lamb cubes.

The sandwiches reminded me of a Vietnamese Banh Mi - you have the Pickled vegetable, the meat, on a tasty bread, and best of all...

Cheap!

For a location in the hubbub of Rice it sure was surprising to get a pita equivalent under $6, you can't find that in the Galleria!
I love this place. For middle eastern food, this is not my favorite, but it was my favorite in ann arbor. THe falafel was very good and so was the hummus. I highly recommend the hummus, and it's a cute,cozy, and affordable place. I actually went here on my first college date.
Excellent!
Good lunch place.  I will say, however, that I've only had the chicken shwarma (spicy of course).  

I like the plate (with rice and the salad - but take my advice, pass on the garlic-mayonnaise stuff, and go with the hummus instead).  I also like the wrap.

French fries are always a little undercooked unless you ask for them to be extra crispy (which I do).

They are very fast - even when the line is wrapped around the building.
Despite the rain I was feeling the need to go on a falafel hunt, And Makkah certainly delivered. It wasn't the best I've ever had (I heart you Alyan's!), but considering that it was less than $4 and it's available 24/7 it's certainly ranked among my top!

Makkah is an incredible market that hooks up fresh pita, baklava, hummus, mango juice, lamb chunks, and then some anytime you need or crave them. It also has an interesting book store upstairs. And apparently you can even go there for a haircut. talk about a treasure of a store!
So freakin' NASTY!!! The food was absolutely disgusting and extremely nauseating - I went there with my friends for my birthday and ordered several appetizers and entres - I am not kidding when I say that we left EVERYTHING on our plates. Not a single one of us were able to choke down the food. We thought "Middle East" would serve Middle Eastern dishes - but it felt like one of those "off the exit" diners. Not only was this restaurant not authentic --- the food was just inedible!!!  I would not recommend this place to anybody.
I love this place.
great garlic sauce.
I recently ate at the Santa Monica and the Westwood locations.

I have to say that there has been much improvement.  The beef & lamb shwarma was really good -- reminded me of years past when we would go into Westwood, regularly, to eat these sandwiches and those tasty chips.  

Also, it used to be that a very small side of the yoghurt cucumber salad was like $4.00.  I was happy to pay $2.00 for a plate full of this yummy side.

I thought it was interesting how they have scaled back their menu and are selling the basics....it could be this refocusing of their efforts that has lead to a great improvement.

Happy that I can update my review with praise for an old favorite.
Easy  to love - service is slow but food worth the wait- weird little sides of nontraditional breakfast foods from middle eastern cuisine very delicious and charming. We ate breakfast there on the morning  of our wedding. * sigh* nostalgia and food ...
I LOVE THIS PLACE. 

Um, hello garlic sauce!

There's usually a line, but it's worth the wait. It's good on a student budget and still would have leftovers. 

Everything is delish. Healthy. Try the garlic sauce.
Wonderful Middle Eastern cuisine with an Ottoman Empire inspired decor. Pizzas are fantastic. Full bar. Waitstaff are very helpful. Weekend nights can get very crowded-- the restaurant often features live musical acts and transitions into more of a bar than a restaurant later in the evening.
Went for New Years Eve. Had a good time, made out with a cute girl. Loud but not painful. A small venue, pretty dark. If you're at ZuZu, you're definitely there to party.
Yummy drinks and food!
My family took me here for dinner on Mother's Day because I wanted Mediterranean. And this place had excellent reviews.

Inside, I stood awkwardly for several minutes, uncertain if it were takeout only, until a man very rudely asked, "Can I help you with something?" 

I should've said no. I should've walked out. My bad.

I ordered chicken shwarma, which might as well have been a chicken salad wrap, made with yogurt sauce, with lettuce, tomato, and sweet pickles. Even the waitress acknowledged it wasn't ACTUALLY a shwarma. The waitress who basically ignored us in order to babysit the table next to us. What the hell happened to garlic sauce and fresh, warm pita bread? It was sweet. It was gross. The pita was stale. I was really sad.

My husband wasn't feeling well and only ordered a lemonade. 

Which he never got. Until he asked for it to go as we were leaving.

Dear Ann Arbor foodies, You deserve better than this. You can definitely do better than this.
I went in here after coming over for some business in the area. It was around 2:30-3pm when I got in and I was hungry. I ended up getting the shawarma sandwich. It came out fairly quickly. The vegetables in the sandwich were pretty good and tasted like they were fairly fresh(They had that nice crunch you get with freshly prepared vegetables). The shawarma meat was plentiful, but it was bland and pretty overcooked. 

Gonna have to find another place to get some good Middle Eastern food around here. This isn't going to cut the mustard.
The Chicken Wowshi is a really great deal! I love going here for a quick bite to eat but I only go solo since there is almost no seating.
It's not gourmet food.  But it is damn good.  Mediterranean style fare, kabobs, keftah, etc.  Delicious hummus.  This fare runs pricier than other food types, so the fact that you can get out for less than $10 a person is remarkable.  The flavors are solid, the freshness is evident and on top of all that - it's cheap and made reasonably fast (think El Pollo Loco speed).  Never a bad bet when looking for a come-as-you-are good eatin' establishment.
Algiers is a great place for a date with your favorite book. The cozy and slightly artsy atmosphere draws an eclectic crowd; you'll find your 18-year-old legging wearing college girls looking for a place to chat to your 50-something year old professors looking for a place to grade papers.  

The coffees & teas here are strong and delicious-- I recommend getting the Viennese (hot or iced) or the mint tea. I would advise against some of the 'specialty foods'. I got the lamb kabob ($15.95) and was less than impressed; the couscous was good but the lamb came out slightly burnt and dry. 

I would highly recommend this place for a place to sip coffee & catch up with friends, but not a place to go if you're looking for great food.
I think this is more a 3.5, I'm having a really hard time grading this place. 

Like everybody said in the previous posts, the food is really good. I ordered a shesh kebob and maybe it was me but the meat was a little too dry for me, and I'm not a fan of yogurt sauce it doesn't sit well for some reason. The spice that they put on it was perfect, the owner said he wouldn't go crazy but just enough, and he did. I appreciate that he can pretty much tell by looking at you how much you REALLY want. Thats a plus. My boyfriend ordered Beef Shawarma, I enjoyed the flavoring of his meat better. The hummus, rice, and salad was delicious. as well. Although the salad was a little weird, It was hard to get the pieces in my mouth, but it was delicious.

We also ordered dessert to go and got the two different kinds of Baklawa they had to offer. My boyfriend favored the shredded one, and I preferred the standard type, but they were both delicious, and probably the main reason I'd come back. 

The hippy in me had to take a star away because I was served a plastic water bottle, and paper plates, and plastic forks. I don't use these things at my house, I really only use them as a last resort, I think that as a restaurant you should be more counties of the environment, I shutter to think how much waste is produced from this restaurant as a result of the paper/plastic. 

The service was quick, efficient, and super friendly. 

Fun fact you can bring in your own wine. 

I also took .5 away because even though I found their coupon in an entertainment book they said they no longer accept them, I understand that they probably can't afford to take them, but it's slightly disappointing coming to a place in hopes of using it to find out you can't. 

I felt like I just walked out of a friends house when I left, so friendly, great food, and plastic utensils. I think everyone in troy should go there, and maybe everyone should suggest real plates.
I can't for the life of me remember who told me about this place, but I have to say, I wish they hadn't. I grabbed lunch here with a friend and though the guy working the counter was very friendly, the food was bland. I ordered some kind of pumpkin special which consisted of two tiny fried pumpkin balls (the dough was made out of pumpkin) stuffed with who knows what. With that you got a whole lot of runny humus and some kind of parsley salad (which made me a bit nauseous while eating it). All this came with a pita that could have easily come from Giant Eagle...last week.

With so many options in the Oakland area (think: Spice Island!), this was a total let down. I don't go over to eat here too often, so it was a shame that this was so disappointing.
Had dinner with a friend while in Cambridge. His leg of lamb was VERY fatty. My pumpkin dish was not very flavorful. The lamb kabob was delicious and tender, but that is not enough to get me to return or recommend it to a friend.
Great service!  Our dinner group was comprised of four vegetarians, and were pleased with the fresh and delicious meat-free options.  Our carnivorous companion liked his beef kabob, too.  They have a coupon on their website, but we liked the place so much, and the prices were so reasonable, that we opted not to use it.
really liked this place! A friend brought me here for brunch, which was really reasonably priced. The atmosphere was cozy and cheerful.  I got an onion and cheese omelette which came with homefries and lots of fresh cooked veggies (not frozen!). The omelette must have been at least 4 eggs large.

Also you should get the jam-I don't know what's in it but it's pink and tastes kind of like soap..in a really good way. Just try it on toast.  overall good prices, good amounts of food. The only thing is cash only which is a little annoying but I didn't mind too much
They advertise as vegetarian but I'm not sure to what extent they really are; they have chicken and meats on their menu. Perhaps they mean that there are vegetarian options available, but even the falafel which is deep fried, I'm not sure if they use separate oil for than their fried chicken dish. Perhaps someone here can clarify this?
Went there in a group of five people around Sunday noon and it was extremely busy; took a long time for food to come. Other than the long wait food was very delicious. Highly recommend their Eggs Benedict. One of the most tasty breakfast places I've been to.
Leena's has ruined falafel sandwiches for me.  I cannot eat them anywhere else because they will be sad, sorry shadows of what can be found in this humble shop.  Maybe it's the pickles or the heaping helping of tahini - there is something about these sandwiches that I've never found anywhere else.  You can also get stuffed grape leaves for about two bucks.  If you're looking for great Middle Eastern eats, stop by Leena's!
I live down the street from Moody's and there really isn't a lot to say about the former White Castle.

The food is cheap, reliable, if a bit tasteless, but what do you expect from a wrap in Cambridge that's less than 5 bucks? Service is menial, expect to talk to the people with their headsets still on, don't expect to eat there except maybe on the sidewalk, and expect to get your pants squirted with the sauce at some point. 

But hey, Ben Affleck ranks it as "Best Falafel" (as seen on the wall written on a staff shirt) , and who are we to argue with him? If you're hungry at 1:00 AM and there's not much of a line, it beats out Hi-Fi by far.
I love chicken shawarmas and am always excited for the opportunity to find my next favorite. Unfortunately, that title will not be going to Ahmo's. I'm not sure what was so weird about it but it left a VERY strong taste in my mouth. I think perhaps there's too much onion, parsley and garlic. Whatever it is, the flavors didn't meld like they should. I think the chicken pieces could have been cut smaller as well. I also tried the onion rings and those were a fail - no real taste whatsoever. The chili is pretty good though. All in all - eh.
It was okay, but our food took longer than expected to come out. We ordered the chicken and tri-tip combo. Chicken was actually tasty, but the tri-tip was dry to my surprise. Comes with humus, so no need to order it separately unless you want more.

Servers were just there to do their jobs and nothing more. 

The place is pretty large and I think they could fit a few more seats in there. There's parking on the street or in the back. 

I think it's a decent price, but I the tri-tip was too bland and dry for me.
This place is in such a great building I really wanted to love it, but I just couldn't get behind it.  You can't really just sit here with a coffee or tea, but the menu is expensive and strange.  I ordered a "grilled cheese sandwich", and what i got was a vegetable wrap with cheese in it.  huh?  It was a cold wrap sandwich.  How is that grilled cheese?
Fun place to hang out, but the stale pita and canned grape leaves were gross. Don't eat here.
The food here is amazing! My absolute favorite is their Tabouleh salad! The taste is just right! They also have the best chicken in town! Must try!
my favorite french fries in philadelphia!!! really friendly workers, very clean. i go there all the time and never get sick of it
Ugh! The service here is terrible!!! 

The guy who was working the cash register didn't talk at all. He just stared at us when we were ready to order. When I tried to pay with a $20 bill, he wanted to explain to me that he only had $1 bills left in the register, and that I should pay with smaller bills if I could. He attempted to convey this message by waving a bunch of $1's from the register and making some grunting noises. I didn't understand anything he was doing. The only reason I know now what he was trying to say is because I walked away with a pocket full of $1 bills. 

The cashier looked very angry, but at the same time it looked like he could cry at any moment. His eyes were red and he kept staring out the window when he wasn't taking orders. Maybe his woman had left him and he was looking outside in yearning? Whatever the situation, he shouldn't have been a punk while he was working. 

The food was unspectacular. I think I could make better falafel using the stuff that comes in a box at the grocery store.
This place was gross.  There was trash on the floor of the kitchen area and overall the place looked disgusting.  

My girlfriend had a lean steak pita sandwich.  She didn't like the sauce they put on top- felt that tasted "old".

I had a chicken plate with hummus and cucumber/tomato salad on the side.  The salad had little taste- as if the produce in it was old and rubbery.  The hummus was bland.  The chicken was ok- not great, but not terrible either.

We didn't particularly like anything here, so won't be going back.
I really wanted to like this place.  I have passed by it so many times and thought that it was exactly my kind of place and that I would like it a lot. The whole experience was akin to finally kissing a boy you liked since you were 19 and realizing that, well, he was just not for you.  

The service was fantastic but the food was really mediocre.  The Middle East version of the pupu platter was pleasing to the eye but not so much to the palate.  The dips were pretty okay though. Overall, it wasn't the best experience.   I guess I was just really not in the mood.
Went there for dinner as it is close and convenient. You have to get your own menu and order at the counter, but don't pay til the end. The food took a long time to get to us, so don't go if you are in a hurry. But it was worth the wait. The chicken kebab sandwich in lavash bread was delicous as was the house kebab plate (beef) with the basmati rice. Prices were extremely reasonable.
How odd I have yet to write a review of the Middle East. Esp. Since it is one of my favorite places EVER!

I used to live around the corner so I am not there nearly as much as I used to be. The staff is great both during the day and at night. The food is always yummy (I get cravings for the chicken shwarma).

Then they also put on some kick ass rock shows. Drinks and entry are reasonably priced. 

Like I said LOVE THIS PLACE!
seriously...good food. Today, I had the Lamb Shwerma & a side of Dolma. I usually just get some Hummus or Baba Ghanouj. Their Falafel is amazing as well, it's just right. The owner is great...always a smile and eager to help those who are a little unfamiliar with the cuisine. My favorite little Mediterranean joint in town.
i love this place!
The mezza have always been above average, especially the tabouleh and sleek.  Service has been slow both times I've been in recently, which drops it from four to three stars.
I went here with my fiance to see Delta Spirit a couple weeks ago. Great show and the actual concert venue wasn't bad since it was small and intimate. However, when we stopped at the bar to have a couple drinks first the service was terrible. My fiance's wine came in a DIRTY GLASS. Which they didn't think was THAT dirty. Finally they did replace it, but were quite rude about it. Needless to say I did not leave a tip. Then I hop on my computer a few days later to see that not only did they give themselves a tip but a nice 95% tip at that. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Unfortunately I already bought my tickets to see Delta Spirit here again in the fall when they open for Dr. Dog, but I will never give this place any business again. What's worse is Bank of America gave me my money back, but because the charge fell into their allowable limit they won't be disputing it with the restaurant. I really want to see the receipt that they changed over, because I still have my flipping copy. Terrible Terrible Place. I wish nothing but terrible things upon the owners and their staff.
Aladdin's isn't bad.  Their falafel and sandwiches are fine, they are open late, and they are certainly cheap.  But that said, there really isn't anything impressive about it either.  The sandwich I had was pretty basic, just having some iceberg lettuce, chopped tomatoes, and a little tahini.  There were no interesting spices or flavors or vegetables in sight.  While it was fine, they ought to be a little more creative to warrent a higher rating: maybe throw in a little Jerusalem salad with hummus, some lemon, and parsley, for example.

That said, they're probably the best Mediterranean food on the Ave.  The falafel is a bit better than Samir's, and the prices might be a tad lower.
I've only had steak and chicken the kebab combos with salad and rice.  

The steak is freakin' awesome; so good and tender.  The same is to be said about the chicken and it is never dry. The food is never over seasoned like other Mediterranean places I've been to and everything is FRESH!

However, there is never any seating!  The place is always extremely busy during lunch, but for good reason.  The line is always long, but it moves extremely quick!  My order is always ready by the time I've finished paying. 

In short: the prices are good, the food is always great, extremely fast service, but plan for takeout.
I haven't been here in a couple years. However, last night in the book I am reading the woman ate a falafel wrap and the craving I got for East Side Pocket was almost strong enough to get me out of bed and down to Pvd. The falafel is so good and with the coolness of the cukes, oooh yumma.
By far the best Mediterranean food in the Capitol Region. Their veggie sampler is amazing and the lavash bread superior to most others I've tried. I have had the chicken durum, which is also great and the meat filled pizza boat (I can't remember it's name!), which was just ok. The veggie sampler used to be bigger, now they give you less food, but hey I guess that's the sign of the times.
Place is way overpriced!!! A hookah and a sandwich costed me 30$
Good ambience but overpriced
I ventured in here one time, desperate for new breakfast/brunch options in the MIT area. I came with pretty low expectations, but miraculously they still managed to fall short. 

The space was kind of dirty, the service was disappointing, and my eggs were drier than the Sahara desert.
I've never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food in general, but seeing how one of my co-workers is in love with the chicken shawarma, we tend to go here on a semi-regular basis.  Despite my reservations about hummus (and those hard purple sticks that are apparently vegetables of some kind), the food here is really good.  The chicken/beef shawarma is a huge plate of meat piled high on rice, alongside a salad and pita bread.  I'm a little put off by the high price tag ($10-$12 for a plate of food and a can of soda) on what I would still consider fast-food, but the generous portions make up for it to an extent.  They also have a nice, clean seating area, and service is usually fast.  Be warned that this is a popular office-worker destination, so it is usually packed full from noon to 1 pm on weekdays.
The bartender is nice and really funny! Low key between 2 and 5pm. Drinks are good and inexpensive. Love this bar!
I was working in Providence and had to grab a quick bite before taking the train back to Boston, so I followed some hungry looking college kids into this little spot on Thayer.  Holy falafel!  Seriously the best falafel I've ever had.  The veggie wrap had the perfect proportion of hummus and tzatziki sauce.  Really yummy cheap eats.
Ask anyone about Brookline Lunch, and the first thing they'll mention is the incredibly low cost of the food, the second thing they'll mention is it's high deliciousness. The restaurant is small, and the booths, as a friend of mine pointed out, look a bit like old fashioned pews. The ceiling seems like it should be an album cover for some conceptual band, and the rotating art collection is... eclectic. That said, every meal I've had here has been great, though the cheese that comes on some of the dishes is a little Kraft-y. The breakfast fare is simple and comforting and the jelly that they serve with the toast and pancakes is amazing. Don't go if you're craving waffles though, they're not on the menu. Breakfast is almost always crowded, but the service is pretty good considering that there are never more than 4 people working (including the cook).
I have been going to this place for many years. Even before this location. Their chicken shawerma plate with no rice, all salad is my favorite. My colleagues at work like their beef kabobs. Always an extra side order of hummus to take home. Theirs is smooth, not coarse like Zanku chicken. The dressing on their greek salad is the best. I love the efficiency of this place. Not a fancy restaurant and not meant to have lots of variety. They know what they do best and do it right each and every time.  And yes, they don't open into the evenings or on Sundays, so I usually only go there during my lunch hour on the weekdays.  I think for the money at $8.00 for the combo plate, this place is the best!!!
Beautiful, historic space to grab some tea/coffee and perhaps a flaky baklava.  

I wouldn't necessarily recommend any of the food items/entrees (they are mostly just ok), but for tea/coffee and a nice place to hit the books I give Algiers the 4 star nod.
JG took my MIddle-Eastern food v-pin at the tender young age of 16, and I've yet to find a joint that can serve up the standards as well as Ali, Joe, Nan and crew.

The bar by which I measure all others.
I am a bit of a falafel fanatic, and I am proud to report that Aladdin Falafel Corner
does not disappoint. I had had the falafel sandwich, a side order of hummus and I was excited that they had Vimto (it's a British black current soda very popular in the Middle East).

The food was fantastic. The falafel sandwich was great, the lettuce and tomato on the sandwich had a nice dressing on them, it was like the kind of dressing you generally get on a fatoush salad. 

The hummus was exceptional, it had top shelf olive oil on it, a few chickpeas, some chopped parsley, and some great middle eastern spices.

All around great place to get some slightly greasy middle eastern food.
As-Salmu `Alaykum, all!

It's amazing what you can do with some chick peas and olive oil. Their Hummus is just absolutely amazing, it's as smooth as butter and it melts in your mouth! I felt like their Pita's were amazing too! Warm and fresh right outta the oven (not sure if they made it themselves actually, but dang it was good!). I also got a meat shwarma, which was also pretty dang good, though, I really wanted to try their couscous dish.

The place is small and there were very few people, when I was there, but the lady who was working there was nice and was quick to serve us. What's funny was that the waitress was also from Jersey! 

There were 4 of us who had food and in total came up to almost $35 dollars, which would have been easily $70 dollars in NJ. 

Would definitely go back, if I lived in West Lafayette, IN. Seems to be quite a few hidden gems in the West Lafayette, IN.
I kind of think even 2 would be a stretch for the experience Haley and I had last night.  It took several minutes for a waitress to come to our table, several more for her to take our order, and several more after that to get our food.  too much time just twiddlin' thumbs.  also, when she took orders, it was just by memory (i.e. not written down) which is fine when there's only 2 people, but then she came back a couple minutes later to verify what we had wanted, and she repeated mine back to me incorrectly.  like not even close to what i had wanted.  sad face.  i think it would take an act of G-d for me to come back here again.
This place is one of my favorite spots for lunch in Pasadena.  It's small and when its busy it can be harder to find seating, but the service is fast and the food is terrific.  They make a really good lamb kabob and their hummus goes perfectly with it.  I don't eat grains, but they have no problem giving me extra salad.  All in all its quick and easy, and great food!
Very nice place - a few years ago, I think this location there used to be some electronics or cell phone shop - this is definitely a welcome change. 

Restaurant has maximized the long narrow space so there is ample seating. A good place to visit by yourself, or a with a small groups of friends. 

I've gotten the falafel platter each time - it's a lot of food for the price $8. The falafel and pita, hands down, are quite delicious, as is the hummus - there are only a couple shops, 1 here (mamis) and 1 in D.C. that I can compare this to. The sides are not bad - fries could be less oily, potato salad has a strange aftertaste, but you know what, I can't complain at this price. It's an excellent value, staff is overall good.
Kibbeh balls!  I don't really know if Jerusalem Garden is authentic or not, but I do know that I like it.  I like a lot.  Everything I've had here is good.  The falafel, grape leaves, lentil soup, etc, etc.  I think the wraps are probably the best deal.  Not a lot of seating inside.  They get you in and out fast if you eat at the counter though.  Sometimes the seating in the back can get especially noisy if there is a large group (or just really loud people) because of the acoustics.  The outside seating area is kinda nice, including the view of the post office across the street.  Also for what it's worth, I always feel like this place has a great vibe when you walk in and the staff is real friendly.
There's a sign outside that says "best falafel in Berkeley". I'm still new to the whole falafel, thing so I can't say just right now that that statement is true.

However, it was pretty tasty. I could't believe for $5.48 I got 2 half pitas stuffed with goodness.(see picture) Hummus, falafel, lettuce, tomato and sauce(not sure what it was, and doesn't matter, cause it was good).

Ok so after eating the first half, (when I got back to the car...what??) I was full. But I couldn't help but think when was I gonna eat the second half. Well as soon as I got back to my side of town, I started to go in on the second half. It was just as good as the first...got down to the bottom, I just picked out the remaining falafel and just ate it, them by itself was very flavorful and had a little spice to it too! 
Now I'm thinking to myself, when you go back next time just get an order of falafel...did I just say that???

Maybe they do have the best falafel in Berkeley????
The lines at this place during lunch time are a testament to how good the food is (particularly given how fast they turn around orders).  It doesn't matter which plate or wrap you get - any of the kebobs, the shawerma, the kefta - its all really great.  

I also love the sides.  The owners make everything in-house, and it's all quite good.  The humus here is the best I've ever had - perfectly balanced without a hint of tahini bitterness.  I also highly recommend the mujadara (or lentils).  It looks terrible but it tastes terrific.  

My one gripe is that they keep closing earlier and earlier.  When I moved to Pas they used to close at 8pm, then it became 7:30, then 7:00.  I guess that's a luxury you can afford when you do as much lunch business as they do, but I'd still like to be able to get food here later in the evening!
This place has the best falafel! I got the veg. plate and it came with so much stuff. Cheap, too. I only wish there was more falafel. Next time I'll get one of the sandwiches.
The best Falafel I've had in the United States. And the service was great.
I love going in here. The atmosphere is very chill and laid back, and the people behind the counter are just wonderful.  They also have tasty, very quick food.  My one caution is that people will be able to smell your breath from a mile away after eating here. VERY GARLICKY! Whewww... But that doesn't mean it doesn't taste good. :)
They don't kiss your ass here.

You sit your hiney down anywhere you can find a spot and wait for the menus to come to you whenever they damn well feel like it. Well, not the menus themselves but the people bringing them.

The eggs benedict sandwiches are scrumptious to this non-bread lover (I am chronically thirsty!). I got the salmon 'n' cheese one and boy was it omega-3 delicious. The boyfriend got the ham 'n' cheese and the two of us were silent for a whole 4 minutes while we wolfed down our food! 4 minutes!

If you're in my 'hood, this is the place to grab a breakfast bite.
Samir is the coolest and best, and makes the best Mediterranean sammies you will ever lay lips on. I always add feta and hummus onto mine, and there is a delicious mysterious bottle of root-beer I like to get on my skinnier days.  I will never cheat on Samir, he has my loyalty! Not for Aladdin's, not for the other Aladdin's, not for the new Shawarma King, not for nobody. Samir IS the Falafel Master.

Also they sell really cool t-shirts, ask for one!
Friends insist on going there because it's cheap. 
The wait staff is great, and there is a nice variety of choices..

I have been here for brunch 3 times, and every single time, I have gotten egg shells on the eggs I order. It's gross. Never having that again, not coming back.

Also the pancakes taste a bit like cardboard and the syrup is bad quality, pure corn syrup - zero maple. not good.

also, long wait lines than I cannot comprehend...
I like you, but I need more attention than you gave me on our first meeting. You see, I drove pretty far, got lost, and then when I finally found you, you were so unwilling to help me in any way. And you made me wait, for no reason. I'm not made to wait without good reason. But I do like what you have to offer.

Great buys on fresh meats, great selection of spices, great baklava and they have ful (pronounced: fool, its a type of bean)...YUM for breakfast! I will be coming back...
MMMM.. tri-tip shwarma and chicken tarna wrap. 
meat is tender and favorful, 
pita is soft with a bit of a crunch to it.
smothered in hummus.
i like.
Love Sabra for lunch take-out in Harvard Square! They are so friendly and happy to see you. My go to is the chicken shawarma wrap which is fresh healthy and just enough to feel satisfied. The plate version is really good too. There aren't many places where you can get a filling non greasy lunch for $6 in the square. A real hidden gem.
Japanese Art Show, Soul Music, and Stuffed Grape Leaves

Tonight was actually a very eclectic crowd because, well, the artist is biracial. I love that this particular art show brought New Haven homies together with Museum School kids. 

I am not partial to the actual dance night at Zu Zu's; I gave it two trys over the years and I found it a more of a young trendy yachters night than a "Soul Night" but some people swear by it.  That said, I am also more of a person to dance at a friend's house party anyway, especially since Bonnie and Angel left town!

The great main Zu Zu DJ spun for the art show and he is friends with the Zu Zu curator and you know I was networking for my other buddy.  Zu Zu spun  your wonderful curtis and your rapper's delight, and as someone who grew up on motown, I also noticed there were lot of rares and B-sides. This provided a great  warm and fuzzy background music from a more get -down era that did not take over the main event of the night--Mr. Ko's art.  No one was dancing for very long, (people had a valid excuse this time) but everyone was friendly and having a good time.

"Best food at an art show ever" -Brian
 Excellent stuffed Grape leaves that are properly bitter but not overwhelmingly so, baba ganoush, hummus, chicken salad, pita, yum which my neighbor, the artist, sprung for the whole room. this was a treat esp since you simply cannot get Middle Eastern food in Jamiaca Plain!!

On the house Wildwood red and white wine. By the way, lovelies-- tip at an open bar.. These ladies can't get by on their good looks alone for the night!

 I haven't eaten here at Zuzu's/ Middle East in over a year before this, I always pass right by it for a show, why am I denying myself this goodness?!!
I'm definitely a fan. They're super friendly and the food is super tasty. Their falafel is moist and flavorful, their pitas are deliciously chewy, their baba ganoush is wonderful, and their veggie dinner plates are amaaazing. The eggplant melts in your mouth! Sooo goooood.

They're pretty fast and rarely busy (in my experience). 

Finally, my boyfriend spent a number of his formative years in Saudi Arabia, and this is his favorite place for Middle Eastern food, if that helps at all. :)
Steeped in history and still housed in it's original location, Algiers Coffee House was home to many famous writers from this area.

Longfellow would spend cold wintry days scribbling poems and drinking warm tea. Some say Emerson first thought up Transcendentalism over a cup of coffee with friends here. Hell, it's even rumored that Poe buried an animal under the floorboards...

It was founded long ago by an Algerian immigrant named Ahmed, who had excellent trade connections and was able to procure some of the most exotic and high quality coffees and teas available in those former times. These beverages, coupled with a unique intimate dark-wood multi-level space that Ahmed designed himself, inspired these big minds of Massachusetts lore.

Everything above is completely fabricated, but doesn't it sound like it could all be true based on spending one afternoon here?

Algiers really does serve up tasty fresh coffee and a nice selection of teas. Although the aforementioned writers really never came  here, this place certainly does serve as home to today's bright minds...
This place is nondescript from the outside, and so often gets overlooked by students in Claremont. I stumbled upon it when I was looking for a quick lunch one day and am now a fan! Cheap and yummy gyros from a very friendly mom and pop management.  I will be coming back to satisfy my gyro fix!
The food here is very good, I love the authenticity. Also definitely the best hookah place in the area, and Adam, our waiter, was very energetic. He truly added to the experience in a positive way, as did the manager, who was active and always very nice to everyone. I love it here, and will continue to come back.
I fell in love because they were close and cheap. I stayed in love because the food is so damned good I am pretty blown away every time -- as is everyone I bring here. Where can you get a ridiculously good meal for two for under $20 (their generous portions make this even more possible than you'd think)? Right on Main Street. Believe it!
Algiers is a great place to chill and have some coffee or tea, and if your hungry they have pretty good food. It seems that your either going to enjoy the seating or your not. If you need a lot of space or a buffer zone, you may not enjoy it. When I first came here I was like "what is wrong with the service?" But that's just the way things go down in here, I was so busy enjoying my company I wasn't too concerned. It's totally laid back, so if your in a rush, this may not be a great place. Not a big menu, wraps, dinner plates, coffee/tea. They have a small dessert menu, I tried the chocolate crepes, it was pretty bad I have to say, just hershey syrup in an attempted crepe. I did have the french toast for breakfast and the onion and parsley omelet, pretty good! Definitely one of the best coffee shops in cambridge/boston.
The price is pretty expensive and the place looks cheap. We got surprised with their tea which is worth $2.00, which is placed on a tiny cheap glass...when we left, no one even said thanks or goodbye...the place seems deserted...won't go back...
My friend took me here after a drunken night bar-hopping in Westwood. I shared a Chicken Wowshi with her, which was pretty good. I don't know why, but I was caught off guard when I was eating it cause I thought we were going to a Mexican joint for some tacos. So I was pretty surprised with the flavor when it entered my mouth (mind you, I was still a little buzzed). I headed over to the dressing counter and drunkenly proceeded to dump whatever looked good into my wowshi and tried a little of every sauce. I came to the conclusion that the mysterious white sauce tasted the best!

From what I remember, I enjoyed the Wowshi, but a lot of things taste good when you're drunk! And it was only half an order :( But I definitely prefer Mexican food and dirty dogs way more after a drunken night ;)
Long lines, chilly inside, and food wasn't as good as i was hoping. it had a funny after taste.
What? Have I never reviewed Falafel king before? How is this possible! I have been coming here for the 4 years with my lovely gf who introduced me to this place because she went to UCLA for grad school (I know she's smart... haha). Anyways, this place is very near and dear to my heart, not only is the food good and you can rely on it being good, but this is our first Valentine's day spot.. cheesy I know. Anyways, I always get the vegetarian plate when I come here. Why get anything else? You get to pick 5 different salads, you get falafels and pita bread, you can't beat that! I tried their chicken kabob recently, but it was okay. Falafels seem fresher and made in front of you! Try it
Went for brunch this Sunday, and it was pretty horrible. The service was incredibly slow, the food was not terribly good, and the woman had some trouble distinguishing between hot chocolate and chocolate milk. One of us ended up running to Star Market a couple blocks away to grab a gallon of chocolate milk before our drinks came out, which is pretty sad.

The one redeeming factor at this place was the price. My eggs, waffle and bacon cost something like 4.50, hence the two star rating instead of one.
WOW.... WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!

After taking a stroll along the area, myself and a few other friends we decided to hang out at Habibi Cafe and I have to be honest....the service was TERRIBLE! The servers were so "Rude" and bothered any time we had a question...(come on now isn't that part of customer service position! ) And on top of all that rudeness the place is soo freakin cramped they shove you into the smallest spaces that your pretty much elbowing eachother the whole time, Ridiculous.....and to put the icing on the cake - the place smells like shit! OOH, and also expensive!!!!!!

I definatley would not waste my time  returning...your better off at Gypsy's across the street, that place is a little more decent!
The layout is really weird, first of all. The tables are so packed together that it doesn't even seem to make sense to have a bar along one wall; if people are sitting down it's almost impossible to get to. 

Their falafel is OK, but it's nice that there are so many other things going on in that sandwich (cabbage salad, tomatoes, cucumbers, hummus, tahini, hot sauce...) that it's a constant, interesting change of flavors and textures. Yes other places might have better falafel, but for the price, it's not bad. 

Also impressive was the cleanliness while eating the sandwich. By that, I mean that I am the messiest falafel eater, unfortunately--at Mamoun's in NYC I got tahini all over my coat, at Amsterdam in DC I got who-knows-what on my jeans. Here, I barely even spilled anything in the bowl the sandwich was served in. How did I manage this amazing feat? I have no idea, but someone behind the counter at Hummus has some kind of magical talent, or the pita is thick enough that nothing falls out of the bottom or onto my clothing. Amazing!
I love going there for lunch... it is quiet, informal, with great lentil soup and wonderful sandwiches.... you can have a glass of wine and not go bankrupt in the process.... one of the best deals on the square....
More like House of Yum.

I got the Shwarma (aka Gyro) platter and it was delish.

It's always great when you can roll up to a street truck, get your meal fast, and pay bottom dollar.

The rice, which was a combo of two kinds, which I can't entirely describe, but it was good.

I also like the humus and salad that came with it.

All very yummy.
The best falafel I've ever had.  I could happily eat here once a week if not more, especially considering the extremely reasonable prices.  

As a vegetarian, I find the falafel sandwich to be soooo flavorful and satisfying.
People weren't lying when they said to try the garlic spread and hummus!  The hummus is so good I could eat spoonfuls of it by itself.  The garlic spread is also pretty amazing stuff.  I put it on everything.  Just a little goes a long way since it's pretty strong.  Watch out for garlic breath though.

I came here for lunch and it was packed, which is understandable considering how great the prices are.  Food is served in styrofoam containers with bright blue plastic trays.  I had the chicken kabob which was pretty good.  There are 2 skewers and it's served over rice.  You get a side of hummus and a salad.  The salad was mediocre, but then again I've never been a fan of tart salad dressings.
Let me put this out there:  I love chick peas.  Nay, I LURVE chick peas.  Hummus has done alright by me.  Their garlic hummus is, honestly, the best hummus I have ever tasted (and I have tasted many).  I stop by every Friday to get multiple orders b/c friends demand hummus from Hummus.  Their warm, fresh pita are just icing on the cake.  

Hummus sandwiches, falafel, shwarma, and baba ganoush are all also fantastic.  And the people are incredibly friendly, and will give you samples of soup or sides.  Aw man, now just thinking about Hummus makes me want hummus.

My only two concerns: (1) They need to make the incredible baba ganoush a menu staple.  (2)  You will STINK for hours after eating at Hummus.  It's so worth it.
I tried the Adana Kebab (I wanted the Kofte Kebab but that one sold out) this weekend and it was fine. Nothing special, maybe a little dry but properly spiced. However the baklava made up for it, it was delicious. If I give this place a second chance, I'll chose something else than the Adana Kebab!
delicious, and super affordable.
i know this place is known for their chicken...but the falafal are insane. crunchy on the outside, creamy and moist on the inside.
I've only had the falafel balls there and they were decent.  They were a bit oily but not too dried out.  My friends had actually ordered a combo and pita and they looked tasty.  It's a bit overpriced for what it is though.  There is a lack to wow to this place.
I've always wondered about this place. Every time I pass it during the lunch hour, it's completely packed, with people lining up on the steps. I came in a few days ago to try it out, and though I wasn't terribly impressed, I'd come back again.

I got the falafel sandwich, which is bigger than it looks. The pita came stuffed with falafel, salad, and tahini, and they throw some batter-fried chips on top, too. I liked the chips the best, actually. They're somewhere between chips and thin potato fritters, and aren't too salty. The falafel was so "okay" that I don't really have anything more to say about it.

As with most restaurants in Westwood, the prices here aren't exactly cheap. If you want a cheaper pita sandwich, I suggest you head to Bella Pita on Gayley.
Best falafel and kabob wraps in RI. Love the food, consistent and fresh. The service is always top notch even when it gets crowded at lunch.
This place is awesome. The Chicken is soooo tender. The breast is not dry and the garlic dip with rice is to die for!!!!!!!!!! Serve yourself to unlimited refills on drinks and feed a family of four for under 30 bucks! Life is good...
Excellent small little eatery in the Squirrel hill neighborhood, with a very friendly owner.
chicken!! with garlic paste!! on a pita!! with tapatio!!
-- OK, NOW I KNOW WHY PEOPLE DON'T LIKE THIS PLACE.
this place fooled me for long -- been going here for a year and im sorry to say but i'm never going back after i went to hollywood hookah lounge.
i guess its cause habibis the only hookah bar ive been too but seriously, wow i discovered such a difference after hollywood hookah lounge and yes, my rating went to 'meh, i've experienced better (forealz)'

-----

It's weird so many people are complaining..
The staff people aren't THAT mean...
And it is kind of small
But so far, I think their hookahs are pretty good.
Its usually packed on the weekends
but during the weekdays, its pretty breezy.
The food isn't that bad either.
Their sandwiches are really goooood - i got the shish kabob one. yum
I go there almost every week.
And the pricing is different
Weekdays - $14 for hookah (doesn't matter how many people)
Weekends (Fri & Sat Only) - its $10 a person (so i guess thats kind of a b*tch. So me and my friends usually go there on the weekdays)
I agree that the tables are jiggly or watever but it isn't THAT BAD.
they have a VIP ROOM, and they charge like 3 dollars more for that.
- and i guess me and my friends kind of get okay service because we got so close to almost all the waiters because we go there so much
- and LOL, everyone knows about the PHANTOM and the FERRARIS.
its sometimes funny that they bring an exotic car to a not so exotic place..

-- HOWEVER, the only bad experience was when we were put in the VIP room..... These disgusting stripper wannabes wouldn't stop looking at themselves in the mirror (inside the VIP ROOM) and dancing. They had drooping love handles, they swore they were sexy, and they swore it was a damn strip club.. if you did this and you're reading this, have some class.

OVERALL, its not that bad.
I guess that waiters are kind of stuck up. The dude that we're close to says his AKA is DRAGON and his brothers is FIRE.. they think its cool.
Quite funny...... 

OH AND ALSO, THE ONLY B*TCH THING IS THAT YOU HAVE TO BUY ONE THING AT LEAST FROM THE MENU, THATS THE ONLY B*TCH. EVEN WATER, THEY CHARGE 2.50.
i must be stupid for not appreciating the food here, but i really didnt enjoy it all that much. 

my friend ordered for me after i stood there with a screwed up face for a couple minutes... i didnt even know what half the stuff on the menu was! i like to consider myself very open to trying new things, but i had a weird feeling. i ended up getting the half chicken plate. chicken was good, a little too greasy... greasier than double-fried chicken, i'd say. 

i was staring at the other fixins on my plate wondering if they werent parts of animals i shouldnt be eating. i mean, i know they werent pieces on animals, i think i was just freaked out in the head that i wouldnt like it. so when i did try it i thought the hummus was bland and coarse, the pickled beets were over-pickled (is that possible?!), the garlic sauce was actually really good but i didnt want to add more liquids to my dripping chicken.

so. not that good. maybe it was the particular time of day. maybe the employees were mad that i was chilling with an armenian guy so they sabotaged my food. maybe this location just blows. whatever the case may be, i never ended up going back to this location to turn my blah experience around.

aggkk! grease.
So I'm going to separate this into two separate reviews:

The Middle East Upstairs is great. It has that teeny little hole in the wall feel and yet manages to book some pretty awesome acts. Most of the people that go to these shows are your standard hipster/indie kids. There will be a few older folks, maybe a greek (fraternal) guy or two, and a couple other randoms. But mostly just indie kids and hipsters. Sound is decent, nothing amazing.

The Middle East Downstairs is also pretty good. It's a little dirtier and grungier than the Upstairs - but they get bigger acts down there so it all balances out.. Don't stand in front of the speakers or even very close to the sides of them... it gets loud. The sound is pretty good - otherwise it's a very non-descript venue. Standard crowd, completely undecorated, couple bars, decent bartenders - really nothing out of the ordinary. The feature of it is the bands that they get!
Definitely lives up to the hype. Great place to eat. Quick service and great food. Only complaint is there is not much seating.
SHADY SHADY!!!!!!!! This place takes cash only, and the owner empties the register like every few hours. They say no cover, no minimum before you sit down, but then they slap on a minimum charge on you. And if you try to talk back, they will abide, but then charge you for water, extra for a hookah and screw the hookah up. Food is made with low quality ingredients and staff is very rude. Place is dirty, would never ever go back again.
~~~~^^^^~~~~~~~~^^^^~~~~~~~~^^^^~~~~
DONT GO HERE!!!
~~~~^^^^~~~~~~~~^^^^~~~~~~~~^^^^~~~~
Moody's really hits the spot.  It's not really great middle eastern food, but for the Boston area it's wicked pissah.  If it were more expensive, this place wouldn't get 4 stars, but the prices are right!

The biggest bargain on the menu is the lentil soup.  Not the best lentil soup ever, but 2 bucks for 12oz for it with pita for dipping.  When it's cold out, it's definitely my standby.  Who am I kidding, I ate it all the time this summer, i'm a soup whore.

If I'm feeling gluttonous, it's all about the SUPERCOMBO!!  Daaamn that's a lot of food.  The falafel balls are the big, hard kind, which I am not digging, but they're Syrian style.  I like the Israeli style falafel with round, small balls.  Yup, I like small balls, just in case you were wondering.  The shawarma is pretty decent.  You can't really mess up a huge slab of lamb on the rotisserie.  Although I wouldn't mind if they spiced it some more.  The real trick to shawarma is the later in the day you get it, the better it will taste because more of the fat burns off and it becomes more flavorful as it cooks all day.  The supercombo also comes with mediocre babaganoush, salad (which I despise, yucky flavor combo), tabouli, and tehini.  

It's annoying to me that falafel and shawarma round here don't come with hummus.  Huh?  

All of the discussion of "authenticity" starts to get annoying.  If you order "falafel" at an American restaurant, you're a dumbass and deserve the dry crappy ground chickpeas you'll get.  That said, there are many contries in the middle east and they each make their falafel, hummus, and bread differently.  Oh, and middle eastern food is all about pickles!  Any vegetable you can pickle stuffed in a pita with hummus and falafel = love.

The service is...unique.  I find that the guys behind the counter are much friendlier than the one lady behind the counter.  

Basically, if you want cheap Syrian food that's open late, this is your go-to spot.
Hands down one of the best restaurants in Ann Arbor. Jerusalem Garden is one of those places where you can order anything off the menu and will never be disappointed. The hummus is made fresh, the falafel is crispy and delicious, and the fattoush is the best I've ever had. Parking is difficult with the lot next door being under construction, but it's worth the hassle to get this great food.
AWFUL!!! Don't waste your money to fill your stomach!!  Even the hummus was nothing. Service was ok.  But I thought their Lamb stew tasted like nothing just greasy. If you're curious about  Persian food this is not the place to try it or even take a chance if you're hungry.
This place is pretty good. I had the Moroccan Garden Cous Cous Tagine. It was huge. We battled for a long while, but I won.
This is the place in Berkeley for falafel. I'm not greek, nor do I know a single thing about what authentic greek/middle eastern cuisine is, but I do have taste buds and this place is tasty. The place is too small for me personally to want to hang around and eat, so I take my falafel-pita sandwiches to go. Like a true California girl, I love anything with avocado, so I get the Avocado Falafel pita.
I eat out a lot in Ann Arbor and I used to debate what the best restaurant in town was.  I'd look at all the good white linen places around and fancy cuisine, yet I found that I always ended up at Jerusalem Garden when I didn't know where else to go.  Two people can easily get plenty to eat for under $20 and the food is great!  Every town needs a place like this, I'm just glad JG is in Ann Arbor!  Great Job!
4 out of 5 times this place is great!  However, that 5th time (which I hit tonight) sucks!  Like Eileen below, there were crunchy pita pieces inside the Chicken wrap, it was dry, and there was that nasty cartilage from the chicken too!  Yuck!

But when it's good, it's WAY good.  I've had the chicken wrap and the tri-tip wrap and both were amazing.  I'll be going back even after my negative experience tonight.  

One question: does anybody eat that pepper and purple stuff that they serve with everything?  I hate to waste it, but there's no way I'm going to eat it!
OK, what the hell happened to Falafel King in Westwood???????  I've been eating here for YEARS and now it moved 1/2 a block down Broxton and now it SUCKS!!!!!!  Seriously, don't even bother trying a falafel at the new location because it's not even worth it.  I had one last night and it was cold, old, and yucky.  Even the creme soda was stale. Don't waste your time or money - it's turned to crap.  And, the old employees even seem newly embittered.  Plus, it's missing all the charm of the old location - no more kitschy photos - just sterility.  DISAPPOINTMENT!
I shouldn't do anything without asking Yelpers first. Lesson 1:

I stopped by Amir's because it was close to school/my place of employment. I wanted falafel. Didn't think it would be that complicated. Instead, the falafel in my sandwich was dry and swimming in sauce. The pita was dry too. The decent baklava didn't make up for this bad culinary experience or the inevitable gastronomical consequences. I wish I had read the bad reviews and warnings of health code violations first. Here's hoping I've learned my lesson. 

If you're in the mood for a quick falafel pita in Morningside Heights/SW Harlem, try Cafe Au Lait on Broadway b/w 121st and 122nd. I am crazy in love with their avocado/hummus sammie. Their pita isn't great, but the filling rocks.
As a Naval Officer, I have been to the Arabian Gulf a few times and even lived in the island country of Bahrain for a spell - so I feel like I have an idea what I am talking about when it comes to the kinds of food that Algiers serves.  With that said, I must add:

They served me the best hummus I've ever had.

I could not stop eating it, I actually asked the server if they put crack in it.  It was simply amazing, great body, texture, subtle flavors - it was drool-inducingly delicious.  Srsly.  Go get some right now.  Do it.

Other than that I had a chicken kebab "sandwich", which is really a wrap-ish sort of thing.  The vegetables were all fresh, delicious, lightly flavored by the sauce and chicken - all very good.  I ate every bite, and remarked that if my vegetables were always as good as the ones I had there, I would eat a ton more of them.

Overall a great food experience, the locale itself is unique and fun, intimate and inviting.  Yes, it's not "Harvard" - but why do you want all the places to be the same?  Once inside Algiers, you feel like you could be in a restaurant on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea.

Service is not amazing, but the drinks and food are.
I really like their homemade pita chips with humus - yummy.
I've always gotten 'to go' orders - food is ready in 10ish minutes.
Wow, went downhill, in a category of food that does not survive downhill very well. At this point, avoid.
Champaign is a great restaurant city, but the options for Middle Eastern food are rather limited, so I'm glad that Holy Land Grill exists.  It isn't the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had, but it's pretty good.  I was there yesterday and had the falafel and a Greek salad and enjoyed both.  Service was attentive and friendly, which was a welcome change after the last few times we'd been there.  They started our meal with complimentary bottles of water, which seemed odd and wasteful (but I suppose washing water glasses wastes resources, too.)  They also serve Mexican Coca-Cola, which was an interesting change of pace.  Dessert was baklava-very good but came topped with a simple syrup that didn't do much for it.  Serving the baklava plain or with a drizzle of honey would have been better.  One more thing;  I know I'm always complaining about loud music in restaurants, but there was no music at all at Holy Land. Some soft Middle Eastern music would have been a nice touch.  All in all, I enjoyed my meal at Holy Land and plan to return soon.
If ever there was a misnomer "Brookline Lunch" is it - it is neither in Brookline, nor is it specifically a lunch place - It is one of my fave breakfast places - they serve the usual greasy stuff: sandwiches, fries, omelets, toasts etc. all served with some awesome hot sauce. 

I have tasted most of them the items on their menu and couldn't say a bad thing about them. My only gripe - their service is glacial (especially on the overcrowded weekends). The owners are Jordanian and add some superb middle-eastern fare as well. And as other reviewers pointed out, very easy on the wallet.
The dingy yellow awning, cliché name (and fact that it's not actually on a corner) shouldn't dissuade you from trying Aladdin. 

I experienced it late night as drunken hordes of frat monkeys swarmed around a steaming gyro griddle greedily soaking up fumes of freshly cooked lamb chunks. After shoving my way to the front, I scored a countertop position, affording me an intimate glimpse into the madness as the proprietor, a witty gent with a gigantic schnoz took food orders from the swaying mass, adroitly mixing underhanded condescension with genuine repoire. 

The next morning I experienced a torrent of noxious flatulence that rudely awakened me from my fitful slumber, however it was a small price to pay for the significant hangover reduction quotient (I'd say at least 35%) experienced as a result of those freshly cooked lamb chunks, which thankfully got busy in the wee hours of the morning soaking up the toxins swimming in my stomach.
grilled chicken & hummus sammich, garlicky, hummusy, quite nice.  in the past, i've gotten their falafel sandwiches, but i think i like the grilled chicken better (their falafels are only okay)  food gets 3 stars, but the friendly staff ups it to 4 (brusque?  i don't think i've ever gone in here where the people working were anything but friendly).  

note:  their kibbeh is made w/ground beef and not lamb.
This, I guess, would be the other thing I miss about Claremont. You know, I've eaten falafel all over the place, but the falafel at Saca's is totally the best. It's just salty enough, fried perfectly, always the right temperature - and the right price, since a falafel sandwich is under $5. Also delicious is the baklava, as well as a lot of the sides (awesome tabbouleh and dolma, particularly!)

Plus, the owners are so nice. On Easter they give out dyed hard-boiled eggs, which is just...awesome. (I am using that word a lot, I think.) They're very friendly and very helpful (even when I've placed huge and ridiculously complicated orders with insufficient advance notice), and their staff is similarly great.

The only bad thing about Saca's is that they close pretty early (usually around 8 or 9 p.m., if I recall) - food this good should be available all the time.
This place is ok. It's great that you can custom make your Pita (the falafel is pretty good). It's tough to get a seat (there are only 3) and if you do the combo, I no longer consider it cheap for what you receive. But overall it's better than Falafel King.
Wonderful food.

I was introduced to Zankow at the Glendale store (a client is around the corner) and fell in love with the beef combo plate.  

Now every time I am near any of the Zankow stores at lunchtime, and I don't have a client in tow (and sometimes if I do)... there I am.

Highly recommended.
The good thing is: they open 24 hr

The bad things is: it is not good to get food later than 7pm because they get cold during the day.  

First of all, love love love their spices. They comes in different size so you can choose depends on your usage. 

Second, they carries some middle eastern snacks and candies. 

Third, fresh: pita, baklava, hummus, mango juices, lamb chunks etc.

4th: the bookstore upstairs.     

5th: great olive in the back of the store.
BEST falafel I have ever had! I will drive 25 minutes to Harvard Square to get it even though there is a falafel place in my town. The service is always quick and friendly, and the prices are unbeatable.
Super friendly service. Precise preparation. Good prices. Very casual but clean; a carefree date venue. I'm going here for all future Mediterranean on the Ave.

Only 4 stars because (a) the taste wasn't "OMG you have to try this!" but it was good and (b) they're not open late at night, so I have to settle for Aladdin's during my studies.
With every bite of shawarma you will have to wipe your lips. Juicy meats, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and tahini. Is your mouth watering now?? The burst of flavors that explode in your mouth is your taste buds having a party. Great Cheap eats.

My buddy chris likes to have dinner here. A whole Lamb Shank with the fixings is $10. It includes a salad and drink. samir tells us he slow cooks it for 6   hours . I tell you the meat just falls off the bone. In the summers we sit outside on the side walk and enjoy the weather.  There is nothing like feasting on a leg of lamb looking like King Henry. 

Samir has been feeding the U-District for years. Stop by and have one of is handmade marvels. Your taste buds will thank you for it.
I really love the food here. I would recommend the shwarma wraps and plates over hummus. I tried the shwarma sandwich in pita but it was not enough for an entire meal.
It's Ramadan, and finding halal restaurants in the Seattle area for Iftar is quite a hard feat.  Luckily the Ave by the University of Washington has about 5 or 6, so that is where my friend and I headed on this lovely Seattle evening.

As soon as we entered the restaurant, we noticed that compared to the rest of the joints on the Ave, the interior was very pleasant!  Clean, kept well, newer furniture, just a very nice peaceful place.  The olympics were being played on the television set in the corner, and the scent of grilled onions and gyro meat filled the air!

The two men behind the counter, who I think are brothers, were smiling and cooking up a storm, and greeted us immediately upon entering the door.  We surveyed the menu and decided to each get a lamb gyro, and then split an order of fries and a falafel salad.  After ordering we took a seat and were told that when our food was ready it would be brought out to us, awesome!  The food was made fresh on the spot, and came out in a quick fashion.

Now, here's the thing.  I had timed our arrival and order placement a little early, and did not expect the food to come out so fast.  So we had our food, but I could not break my fast for another 7 minutes or so.  Personally I didn't mind at all, I knew the food was fresh and piping hot, and could probably use a cool off anyway.  As my friend and I sat there watching the Olympics waiting for my phone to vibrate off the table, signaling the beginning of my pig out fest, one of the brothers looked at me awkwardly, and asked if anything was wrong.  I said no, and that was I just waiting.  He then asked if I was fasting, I said yes, and he laughed and said I should have told him, and he would have just held off on making my food until closer to prayer time so it would have been fresh.  He then went to the back of the shop and pulled out a huge bucket of dates (for those unfamiliar with fasting in Ramadan, it is traditional to break your fast with dates) and offered me some.  He also offered me some milk to break my fast with as well.

As soon as my phone went off, I downed some dates, then downed some of the most delicious Mediterranean food I've ever had!  The gyros were still fresh and hot, the meat sauteed on the grill with the onions and a mildly spicy sauce, topped with fresh lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and tsatziki sauce... SO GOOD!  The fries were thick cut, fresh, and perfectly salted.  The falafel salad was simple and the perfect way to get my vegetables in!  The falafels were scooped and fried fresh, and not overly done.  This was the first time my friend had ever had falafels, and she is now a huge fan!

As we ate, multiple older muslims in the area stopped by to partake in the dates offered by the shop owners, drink milk, and break fast with the restaurant owners and patrons.  It was a very welcoming, community, and friendly atmosphere!  There were also multiple younger groups swinging by picking up gyros and shwarmas to go, and of course lots of Baklava!

I thought about trying out all the Mediterranean places on the Ave in the future, but to be honest after my experience I'll probably just stick to Shwarma King.
I've been enjoying Samir's cooking since 1979. At that time he was running Cedar's which is located across the street from his current location (I think one of Samir's relatives still runs Cedars but I'm not sure). Great food, lovely family, excellent prices!!! If you want to try his excellent tabouli you should give him a call before you visit the restaurant. He usually doesn't have it on hand because it does not stay fresh for long. But when it is available it is very good as is all the other food. Samir is also happy to make custom dishes. Each time I walk in the door he asks me if I'd like something special. He remembers the things I like and comes up with suggestions that are not on the menu. That said, I also like the standard menu items. I've never had better falafel in spite of having visited Lebanese restaurants throughout the country.
I absolutely love this place!  Whenever feeling like a nice home cooked breakfast which is incredibly cheap, good and close I always think of this place.  I myself LOVE the eggs florentine with the sauce on the side with the potatoes and veggies for like 6 bucks!  The place itself is kinda tiny but comfortable.... on the weekends you might have to wait for a table but totally worth it.  
As for the service it always seems to be the same woman every single time by herself but she is amazing.  For how many people she definitely provides as much service the make the meal enjoyable!
We went to Habibi for some hookah because the wait at Gypsy Cafe was so long and Habibi only had a $10 per person minimum.  Little did we know that Habibi had some lame house rules! NO DANCING! NO ALCOHOLIC BEVS! NO CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS!  what the what?  all deal breakers if you ask me.

We made the best of it and got 2 hookahs for our table of 4.  The people who worked there were nice enough to give us a new flavor for free when we didn't like the mango.  

I probably wouldn't go back and would choose Gypsy Cafe for the better atmosphere.

Be sure not to sway your hips to the music while you're at Habibi or you'll get kicked out.  House rule, 'member? :)
My friend and I went here for brunch on a Sunday and hung out for 3 hours (!) just chatting about politics and life in general. There was no line at the door to stand in and no one rushed us thru brunch, a rare experience on the weekends in Harvard Square.

Other pros:
uber strong turkish coffee
plenty of space - upstairs, downstairs, & outside seating

Cons:
a little on the pricey side
don't sit at the table in front of the women's bathroom
if you like hummus and you like meat, you should go here. it's great.
Don't know how the food was because we never got that far.  Heard it was a good place to eat so drove all the way out from Glendale just to eat here.  We arrived at 6:10p.m., and they did not close til 7, yet they would not allow us to eat at their tables.....they said they were only allowing take out! We had 50 minutes before they closed, there were a ton of empty chairs and tables inside, outside, even a counter with stools, and they flat out refused to serve us to eat there.  We didn't drive all that way to sit and eat in our car.  We thougth that was extremely rude and took our business elsewhere.
This review will be primarily based on the Upstairs facility:

I've only been here twice, the first time 5 years previous when the entire place was an overcrowded, overheated mess.

Time seems much with regards to the decor, but the place is definitely a lot more enjoyable.  The shows are good, the acoustics are decent, and while it's still a little small for shows, it can still be a generally intimate experience.  

Is it better than some of the other Cambridge venues?  Probably not.  But for what it is, it's a definitely serviceable option.  And they have PBR in the can.
Food is really good here.  When I went in for the first time, I was greeted warmly and the manager helped recommend food.  You should also try the Mango Lassi that is on the menu.
I go here a lot... Probably too much. I've tried a couple of things off of the menu, but there is only one thing that really makes me come back over and over. The lamb and beef gyro is the best. They fry up the meat with some delicious curry that just makes it absolute perfect. Service can be a little slow at times, but it is because you hit a busy period. A huge positive is that they are open late.
Very tasty, authentic and cheap.  No where to sit really, it's more of a to-go place.  Pitas are made fresh to order.  I've had better, but this is great value.
This is the best middle eastern food i'v had in a while.  I'm super picky about my grape leaves and these were excellent.  The service was great, but the place is a little small, so getting a table right away is not always easy.  But they do take-out and the prices are amazing for the quality of food.  I will be going back soon!
Middle East Downstairs is my favorite place to see a show.  It's intimate but not tiny, the sound is awesome and the stage gives the bands enough room to really rock out.
I'm such a falafel newb that I wouldn't know a better falafel place than this one. What I DO know is that whatever my friends ordered for me was DELICIOUS.

It was a bunch of indistinguishable goop but by God, it was delicious goop.

So I got the lamb = delicious. Could be more moist but still flavorful. The pita bread thing (I think this was the shawarma combo ... I feel so useless right now) wasn't too dry and goes well with the goop. For sides, I got the hummus which is awesome, some yogurt goop which was more awesome, and some cucumber tasting goop that was just as awesome. Really, I don't think you can go wrong unless you order something made of ingredients you know you already hate. 

THE CHIPS ARE REALLY GOOD. They must be fried in Jesus oil because they were way too tasty. The salad is good too. Everything is good. I'm typically more eloquent than this.

The service was fast but they won't answer questions and I don't know if they knew English so ... just point to whatever you want and they'll pile it on.
This restaurant made me a diehard fan of middle eastern cuisine. I love their hummus, baba ganoush are awesome.Their sandwiches are especially  chicken shawarma is best. Other dishes that I liked are theri turkish  coffee, grape leaves and bakalava. The coffee is so good and so authentic with that thivk muddy appearance,u will come back again and again to order it.now that I moved out of Ann arbor, I am trying to find a good place for that kind of food,but nothing fared well so far.
Love this place! Haven't been to the Middle East in years, not since my club days back in the roaring twenties, but we came here for dinner and to check out DJ Beat Train.

Talked for a while with Lisa, the manager, who is the kickassest chick in the place. She definitely has Thursday nights nailed to the floor, with Beat Train spinning retro urban lounge and a really great feel to the whole place as a result. 

The food was great, the pork loin was a little over done, but the sauce in which it bathed was superb, and the bed of collard greens and bacon would have made Julia Child tremble with glee. 

We're definitely coming back for drinks on Thursdays, and you should meet us there. It'll be fun. We can talk about how we're so old and haven't been part of a "scene" since Sisters of Mercy played Manray.
Yummm. This place stands apart from all the many other pita sandwich-type places in the area with their fresh pita. Good prices, good food, and friendly service.
This place is da bomb!  Really tasty food, great prices, huge portions, nice variety.  Awesome for the money.  Always try to stop here when I'm in Providence.
Just ate Brunch with a large group of friends and 2 kids. Food is average, scramble is not real eggs, carton stuff. new waitress was a mess and argued with me about the fake eggs (not knowing that the entire table was made up of Chefs), not so friendly staff and were rude. slow service, we were the first ones there. one of us in the group stepped outside to hear out waiter talk to someone on the phone "bsing " about our table. Not so kid friendly. nothing really good to say about this place.
I loved this place, we tried the falafel pita, steak pita, chicken wowshe ( baked dough with chicken and bean in it ). fries, and fried cauliflower.  All of it was delicious.  I loved the make your own condiment bar.  The hot sauces were excellent, and the white sauce tahini sauce.. all excellent.  The prices are a really great deal too.
Went with the stand-by, Chicken Swarma wrap. Wrap was tasty, though the chicken was pretty dry which hurt the score. Nice addition of French fries inside the wrap, some different.
I've been to a lot of shows at the East. 

There's just so many experiences and, really, it depends on the occasion when it comes right down to it. But, by and large, my review is based on the downstairs venue, bar and mez.

Ive been to shows where there have been fights, security dragging people upstairs to the detail cops, Ive had drinks slapped out of my hands for bumping into the "wrong" people, I've celebrated New Years Eve here, Ive taken advantage of my friends hospitality here, Ive avoided the bathroom like the plague here.

I think like a lot of things in life, places in your life have a high point; A mark that, if you try to go back and revisit , it just wouldn't be the same. I think Ive had my heyday at the East. I think other people still need to go and experience it, but for me, the sun has set. Ill remember my days at the East fondly, a mixture of a sweet youung lady and a salty fucking whore.
Pita!  Pita!  used to be a really nice sit-down place in Old Town.  I went there once and fell in love with the service, the food, and the ambience.  Shortly after that visit, they moved it to its current location on Colorado.  The ambience is gone, and so is the service.  But the food is still pretty darn good.  When the owner is around, he always comes by to chat, and he's a really nice guy.  And it's always fun to play "Which Middle-Eastern Celebrity Is That?" with the autographed headshots on the wall while you wait for your food.  

Everything is served with a plastic baggie of 2 pieces of cold pita bread and pita chips.  It's be a nice touch if there was a warm basket of pita bread instead, but I guess the plastic baggies go better with the current ambience.  

Anyways, the food is 4 or 5 stars, but the lack of parking, the slightly ghetto ambience, and the plastic baggies bring it down to 3 for me.
I should've read and believed the ratings before coming here. Slow service (oh you know, like 10 min to get the check and there's only a few other tables), seemingly perfectly-healthy owner who only cares about his Rolls Royce parked in the handicap spot outside the cafe, aggressive servers who force their way behind your chairs to get through, and horrible sounds that were a mix of Top-40 pop and Arabic music. I heard the food is decent, but hookah was definitely disappointing.
Tom's rocks!
Scanning the reviews I was suprsied that people failed to mention that ME has not only hosted popular bands such as The White Stripes, The Strokes, Spoon, Architecture in Helsinki and Death Cab before they blew up, but provided the bedrock for the burgeoning hip-hop scene in Boston. Artists like Guru, Esoteric and Mr. Lif have all gifted the basement with their talent. Respect.

I haven't eaten here or spent much time upstairs; I tend to hang in the dungeon (which can get pretty hot sometimes though I've heard the circulation has improved). The sound system thunders, so bring along some plugs. I am super excited to rediscover this spot though. No better alternative to getting glam to go out than being able to throw on a hoodie and some kicks and get down with a PBR.
Best falafel in town! My favorite is the chicken pita. I recommend mixing the very hot sauce with the white sauce for an excellent french fry dipping experience. I love the ingredient bar too! Keep up the great work!

They also have another location with tables inside on Westwood Boulevard near the Westside Pavilion.
A few years ago, for about a year, ZuZu was like my second home.  I spent a lot of time there, playing small shows, attending shows, eating, drinking, dancing, etc.  But then my life just gravitated away from it...until I had dinner there again for the first time in ages this weekend.

I wasn't sure what to expect.  The menu change of a couple years ago toward a more fine dining experience was a little disappointing, because some of my favorite menu items disappeared.  But - I was very pleasantly surprised.

My starving band and I devoured two ZuZu pupu (heehee) platters here before our show at the adjoining Middle East, and were very satisfied.  All the middle eastern fried bits and dips and pitas and whatnot were the perfect pre-show nosh for us hungry kids...with fabulous margaritas to wash it all down.

My one complaint was that the food, though it didn't appear so, was on the heavy side...or maybe I just ate too much.  I also had the worst garlic breath of my life!  Beware the whipped garlic dip...it is equal parts delicious and dangerous!

Thanks for dinner Zuzu...perhaps we'll meet again.
I went there for lunch and breakfast recently.   The service was excellent and the menu varied.     As a vegetarian, I often struggle to find variety menus at restaurants and I had no problem here.   The hummus was very smooth and the pita bread was freshly made.  Portion sizes were perfect.   

I would definitely go back.
Been coming here for years.  I has changed several times since we've been going.  Before they served alcohol they were great.  After they started serving alcohol they kind of became misers for a time being and wouldn't let anyone in unless they had a licenses whether you were going to have a dink or not.  Now it's kind of relaxes, the prices actually have come down, and the flavor offerings have gotten better.  My girlfriend and I usually go on Sunday afternoons and we spend a couple hours, usually having dinner, a drink each and having two hookah's.  Last night the price came to roughly $76.00 which I happen to think is fair for what we ate.  We had a four appetizer combo, with dessert, two drinks, and coffee.  Plus, we had a three flavored hookah, followed by a single flavored refill.  We ate downstairs in the back where nobody was (that's how we like it) and the waitress was very nice and attentive.  We have a hookah at our house, but to get out and enjoy ourselves we like to come here once and a while and walk around the East Side.  

Weekend nights can get very crowded, we try to avoid that now.  Try something to eat as the food is delicious, and relax.  It worth the experience.
Small place on a busy block, but worth your time.

I stopped in for a late-night dinner to take back to my hotel room.  Gyro and curly fries plus coke - about $12, very reasonable.  And absolutely delicious.  The fries were made right then, and came in a generous portion - easily enough to share.  The gyro had a really flavorful sauce and fresh greens on it.  The wrap was a bit chewy, my only complaint.

The staff were very friendly and welcoming - they chat with the customers, and I saw them go out of their way to make folks happy, even at 10 PM on a Monday evening.  I can only imagine how satisfying this would have been three hours later on a weekend night...
for once, i felt old. upon entering, you are immediately asked for your id..to make sure you're 18. so you can hookah.

after the feeling-old bit passed, i felt like a cougar. loads of 18-to-early-20-year-old boys from every stereotype you could want..mohawks and muscle tees? check. plaid button-downs and skinny jeans? check. polos and khakis? check. take your pick. i mean, NO! NO! STAY AWAY FROM THE YOUNGER BOYS.

it's sexy, how blasphemous it is. being in a large space that used to be a church but now has rows upon rows of hookahs, tapestries adorning the walls, and a giant projection screen featuring music videos with middle eastern beauties shaking it and seducing you with song.

and then..it suddenly feels like college all over again. you sit on your floor pillow, make yourself comfortable, use the ikea lack table and get your food and drink served on // in the ikea färgrik plates and mugs. how am i so sure? i lived it. and you probably did, too.

there are a couple miserable-looking employees here, but karin, our main girl, was on top of her game. she chatted with us when she could and replaced our coals without us asking. even though you could tell she was tired, she kept a smile on her face and made the experience pleasant. the owner is also very attentive and always asks patrons how their experience was before they head out. snaps.

more than anything, this place is great for a walk down memory lane (if you were into this kind thing in high school or the early college years..or when you studied abroad in turkey and // or the middle east) and people-watching. if i come back, i'll likely request to sit upstairs, so the young ones don't distract (read:: tempt) me.

some notes::
- $2.50 minimum per person if you're smoking hookah. which is more than reasonable, but is angering when you're not hungry, order a $3 cardamom milk and get..warm milk. where's the cardamom? i'm not trying to fall asleep here.

- cash only, but there's a 5/3 atm in-house. (i've always had something against fifth-third though..i HATE improper fractions.)

- i dare you to try and leave without stopping for kabobs outside the café. the aroma is mouth-watering, even when it's 20 degrees outside.
Just writing an update, and I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. I wanted to share some more of my recent great finds (or, addictions):

One is probably a 9x12" packet (yeah, I can't think of a better way to describe this) of pure deliciousness-- basically, dried apricots, oil and sugar condensed into a hefty rectangular fruit roll-up. It's under 3 bucks and near the "stairs" to the back level of the store.

Another is the injera. It's freshly made, spongy yet light, perfectly-sour and you get a ton of it per bag (it freezes well). I bought a bag last night, and immediately commented on its lack of "sandiness," something that bugged me a bit about injera I bought once at the 40th St. International Spices place. No offense to their injera-- in fact, my boyfriend likes the grit of that one. But I've finally found my injera-heaven. I even have another testimonial from a friend, who likes the feel of it on her face. So, if you're looking for some injera to please your tastebuds (or...face...), Makkah's got you covered!

Oh, and the peanut-brittle stuff is pure crack.
Excellent food, fresh kebabs, friendly staff, reliable, consistent. MMMMMMM.  A couple tips: order your kebabs ahead of time because they can take a while.  Bring your appetite because they give you a lot of rice with the kebabs!
Always fast, healthy, and delicious.

Plates and wraps are reasonably priced. Great for lunch. The guys at the front are friendly and remember our order.

Try the veggie combo with grape leaves or chicken shawarma.
The fact that no Arab people were working put me off when I walked in. The hummus was alright. The food was not the best middle eastern food I have had. A lot of my friends would not enter this place. They would enter the Palestine Garden. I assume that over in Dearborn there are way better places but this appeals to the demographic who thinks they are doing right by eating this type of food. The staff was great and service top notch. This would be a decent place to go in a pinch.
The atmosphere at this hookah joint is very nice and relaxed and the prices are relatively reasonable so that's worth one star each.

However, the service is horrible. The attitude of the staff is condescending and cocky. I had a problem with the hookah and asked for some assistance. The waiter was rude and told me I wasn't inhaling strongly enough. When I persisted and had him take a puff, he begrudgingly agreed and fixed the problem. This attitude has persisted on several occasions so I know it's not just a one-time thing, which I could have forgiven.

It's really too bad because the atmosphere is probably the best of the hookah places in Pittsburgh.
It was a hot day and the seats inside were all taken but they offered to seat us at the bar. Cool place to sit since you get to watch them make falafel and stuff. I got a falafel and hummus sandwich with fattoush veggies, and I liked it. The hummus is really good, and the falafel is good but nothing special. 

The portions are big and the price is low. Lots of veg options.
i went to a small comic book opening the other night at Austin Books... they had Tom's 'grape leaves' (aka dolmas)

They were impeccable.. and I'm now going to hunt down Tom's and see what they've got in them. They were slightly different than average dolmas I've had around town (Marakesh on Congress.. I'm looking at you)
Food here is really really good. Med Cafe sustained me through my arduous years of college. Their tahini must be laced with something addictive. I can't tell you how many times I have started dreaming of one of their kebabs at four in the morning. Service is insanely fast, the father and son team keep that falaffel moving, but you'll spend an hour trying to find parking in the lot if you come at noon. Closes early, and will not hesitate to throw you out if your dawdling as they close.

I also really like how they show kids's painting from the art classes held next door. They keep me entertained if I sit inside
i've noticed a lot of people writing reviews about how messy and hard to eat the sandwiches are. HELLO? couldn't you tell what kind of establishment this was by the storefront? if you're too bougie to get your hands a little dirty on some quality food, then feel free to move along to a place with plates. i personally will take the better food.

as far as quick, relatively healthy (depending on what you order) and most of all, satisfying food goes, this place is the creme de la creme in westwood. it's as good as it gets for middle eastern in the village and probably most of the westside.

all the pitas are great, but i highly recommend the 'wowshi' selections with your choice of meat (chicken is my personal favorite). the condiment bar is perfect for being able to load up on as much or as little of whatever you want on your pita.

they also serve french fries and mexican coke bottles, which is the way to my heart. the staff there is really friendly and accommodating, which is an added plus. the only drawback is the lack of seating -- my friend and i usually go squat in the outdoor in-n-out seating a couple of stores down, but the security guard is kind of a dick.
Wow, chicken wowshi.

Wow, steak pita.

I ate both for lunch and they were worth every penny.  You can't go wrong.
Yum. This is my favorite "undiscovered" place to bring friends. If you can get a table on the terrace, I highly recommend it. I almost always get the pasta salad, and it never disappoints. All of the drinks are delicious, especially those that combine orange and mint. Overall, a great place to spend a few hours with a friend. Then you can see a movie at the Brattle!
5 stars cuz i've tried my share of Falafels and this place is still the best =]

I have the same routine...come in...stare at the menu...even though I know i'll end up ordering the same thing

_FALAFEL PITA!_

the guy busts out the tub of falafel mix..fries it FRESH in front of my eyes

and i THINK they use...uhm...not vegetable oil for the frying

then he hands me the Falafels blanketed in a SOFT pita bread and I fly over to it =]

load it up with hummus and veggies, not a fan of white sauce...and..

yuuuuummmmmm...LIGHTLY crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, flavorful, scrumptious 

and then it's all gone and i look back at the menu...and confirm:
$4.50 well spent =]
I've been so excited to see this place open, and finally went in for lunch today.  I was anticipating a little more Middle Eastern options (as opposed to Indian), but considering the fact that it is owned by the same people who run Bombay Grill, that isn't too surprising-- and I still love Indian food!  I got the chicken kebab roll.  It was around $7, with a simple salad and pakora-battered potatoes (like REALLY good french fries).  The rolls were some of the cheaper items on the menu, and the rice/curries and more dinner-suitable dishes were a bit pricier, in the $12 range and up.  So probably a bit more than I'd be able to spend unless I am treating myself.  

But- even if the prices are a bit more than ideal, the portions are huge! I could easily get leftovers from anything on the menu, so overall the deal is very good.  And the food is delicious!

And to the reviewer who complained that their mango lassi has yogurt.... mango lassi's main ingredient IS yogurt! That's like complaining that your milkshake has dairy in it, kind of an obvious/uninformed remark to make.
Delicious and fresh.  My wife and I eat lunch here frequently.  I usually get a gyro sandwich, which is consistently tasty.  The fries are awesome, too!
I am sad to say that I have to give tonight's meal 3 stars.  I loved the food, and yes, that's what we came for.  (We had already travelled 6 hours by car, and we'd looked for the right place to eat - worthy of the Yelp search and the extra 20 minute ride from our hotel, each way.)  This place sounded great... and indeed, it was true:  the food is authentic, tastily seasoned, diverse, clean... excellent quality and fairly priced.  Yes, we could say the atmosphere is homey in that it feels like we're in someone's extended kitchen.  But the on-going screaming of the owner's kid, combined with the mom's impatient reprimands at the top of her voice, and the children's continuous intrusiveness with other customers (and the place in general) so detracted from the pleasure of the food that we couldn't wait to get out of there.  Comparing this to other family owned restaurants we've been too, even late at night (it was 9-10 pm - and we still couldn't get a peaceful dinner!) we could only remember the pleasant experiences we've had. Not so here.  We have never been to Lafayette (or West Lafayette) before, but this whole dining thing left a big negative for us.  We had a sweet night guy at the hotel (Quality Suites) who made up for our dinner with an upgrade... but otherwise I know I'd never come back here unless I had to.  So if you're ok with high pitched screaming kids throughout your meal with no management / parental intervention (and no mom, we don't want to hear you yelling; just gently take your child out of the room), the food here is worth the effort.  Blessings....
I ate here two weeks ago and I was kinda disappointed with the chicken kabob I ordered. I felt it was a little dry and the rice pilaf was under-cooked and the humus tasted funny.  I like Anis Chicken in Montebello
Ordered two platters to go.  Service was fast and I was in and out in about 10 minutes. Pretty fair prices.

I had the falafel platter ($7.50).  Generous portions, came with pita, hummus, rice and choice of 2 sides! I had the tomato salad and the cucumber salad. I've only tried falafel a few times in my life, but this was by far the best falafel I've had yet.   My boyfriend had the Combination Platter - which came with shawarma, falafel, and choice of third meat- he chose chicken.  The shawarma was full of flavor and very tender....I would definitely order this the next time I go. 

Overall, good prices for someone on a budget and very tasty food.  Go for the shawarma platter!   : )
My advice to you - get the chicken wowshi and be sure to add the really hot sauce from the fixings bar. The chicken is so moist and tender, and the bread is warm and chewy. The only downside to this hole-in-the-wall is that there's barely any seating, so chances are that you will have to take a little stroll to your mealtime sitdown destination of choice, and by then your meal may be a little colder and a little soggier. But for the price, totally worth it!
I discovered Hummus during it's opening celebration and was lured in by the promise of free food (I know, I'm cheap). The jolly owner greeted each guest as they entered, offering a sampler platter of middle eastern specialties. 

Penn's campus has been missing a good Middle Eastern Restaurant. While I've frequented Middle Eastern food carts, they close early and aren't open on weekends. Hummus has great food and moderate prices -- exactly what college students are constantly looking for.
God I hate this place. 
Since there is only one other hookah place that has a perpetual minimum, i tend to find myself here. I always come with the hopes that I'll have a good night, but something always happens. The bathroom is dirty, someone vomits in front of me, it's too crowded, we wait too long, they add up our bill wrong... :( 
I finally decided to just use my friend's hookah, seeing as it is much cheaper and faster to get. Even though my friend's hookah is 50 miles away.
Saca's is one of my favorite, if not my #1, Mediterranean restaurant. After moving from their original location on Indian Hill Blvd to downtown Claremont, business boomed and it seems as though the food got even better (if that were possible).
Definitely try the shawerma sandwiches. If you're more hungry and in the mood for something heartier, go for the shawerma platters. I usually go for the beef shawerma platter, served with hummus, fries, tahini sauce, two pita breads, and freshly-sliced beef. It's foodgasmic! As I've gone through college I've found that I no longer believe in heaven and hell; however, every visit to Saca's makes me think that heaven exists, but that it's just on earth in a tiny corner of downtown Claremont.
They should change the name of this place before anyone who walks by and wants to try it will actually believe it actually serves middle eastern food. 
I haven't had bad middle eastern food in so long. I'd add this place to a short list of restos i will never go back to. If you want to try REAL middle eastern food, I'll even cook for you. Just don't go here.
I've recently been trawling Cambridge for tabouli (my new fav superfood), and decided to give Moody's a try when I passed it on the way home. It's storefront is unpretentious, and there's too little space inside for more than 2 groups to sit, but I love the old-world diner feel in this little shop. Moody's does a great version of the tabouli wrap; it gets the grill treatment, and was nice and warm when I took it with me. 2 hours later, the wrap still tasted delicious, and the dressing they put in the wrap kept everything just nicely juicy without the whole thing going soggy. Loved it! My biggest surprise was that the shop didn't display any more critic reviews than an old 1980s (I think) magazing clipping.
Got the beef Shawarma platter, filled me up and it tasted great. It was my first time having Shawarma or Saca's and I would have both again. The baklava was also excellent, great dessert after the meal.
Congratulations, Falafel Corner. You have managed to give me the worst delivery experience I've ever had, and believe me that's saying something. Late last night my boyfriend and I ordered several items, including two desserts. After approximately an hour we called to check in on it, and were told that our receipt was misplaced. The dude asked for our address, and then said that the food should be there in 5-10 minutes. 30 minutes later, we hear someone leaning on a car horn outside. Mind you, it's 230 in the morning. You can't ring the doorbell? Or call my phone? Really? The bag was kind of small, so I asked the kid delivering if he was sure everything was in there. He assured me that it was. Upon opening the bag inside however, we realized that one of the desserts was missing. Also the "larger" size shawarma wrap was TINY, the tabouli salad was 98% parsley, and the yogurt cucumber "salad" was a liquid mess. Super disappointing. Just because you're one of the only restaurants open after 1am doesn't give you the right to rip me off.
haha, first time i had a falafel, and it's pretty darn amazing! 
the owner here is quite proud of her business because she personally said, "we make the best falafels around here and no one can beat us". 

since it was my first time getting a falafel, the lady even offered me a sample. i got the super falafel, thanks to all of the yelpers who have recommended it, and i can definitely swear by it that they're really good. it felt fresh, with right amount of consistency and flavor, and it felt a lot healthier than eating a burrito. 

this place is nice because it's right across from campus. i've walked past here so many times when i used to live in unit 3 back in freshman year. i'm glad i walked in here today and gave it a shot. 

my friend ordered the lamb shawarma and it was alright. i'd recommend the super falafel for first timers :D
I've probably tried close to 20 different kinds of falafels at this point in my life.  My search for the ultimate falafel is still going but the ones here definately hit the spot and keep you coming back for more.
This place has a deservedly high rating: even if the food sucked, where else are you going to find food in Central Square at 2 a.m.? Fortunately, the food doesn't suck; I'm a big fan of the lamb shawarma. 

I do have a quibble with the service. It was considerate of them to post a sign explaining that they only accept credit cards until midnight (a fellow customer, clearly a late-night regular, explained that the card check line is down after midnight). However, it would also have been considerate of them to post a sign saying that they have a $15 minumum for credit cards. If, in fact, they do have a minimum, and therein lies my quibble. The counterman told me they had a $15 minimum, so I prepared to put away my card and go across the street to the ATM. Like magic, the credit card minimum suddenly vanished and the counterman could take my card after all. 

Word of advice, dude: If you hadn't been so busy thinking of reasons not to let me use a credit card, you might've been able to hear me better when I placed my order. "Lamb shawarma" doesn't really sound like "chicken kabob", but I guess it was hard to hear me over the sound of your own self-importance.
This a very nice hole in the wall place. The meat and falafel are amazing; you can place your favorite vegetables and sauces (ranging from creamy and mild to hot and spicy) to add to your pita. However, with food this good, they wouldn't reach their full potential without a larger location. That being said, this place is still worth the wait you may experience if you come right after a large group.
My favorite venue and place to grab an affordable tasty lunch. Love the lamb shank. Love the shrimp kebab. Did the lamb tongue get taken off the menu? That was great but I imagine not too many people ordered it!
There is nothing not to like about this place. Maybe I'm biased, but whenever I go in with my friend who used to work there, we get thrown pieces of baklava and a fruit plate and very attentive service.

As far as shows are concerned, the smaller venue (upstairs) is intimate but has spots where viewing sucks (right near the entrance). I like the drink specials, but sort of feel like a douche with the tallboy cans.

The larger venue, well, I haven't been there in years but I saw Don Caballero play there, hadn't been drinking or anything, and was in the front near the stage and felt like I was going to pass out, so I weaved my way to the back of the club and sort of tumbled/fell into this large guy and blacked out. Next thing I knew, I was on the steps with many people attending to me. They gave me some water and threw some money at me for food, and assured that I was all right. And the guy I bumped into came to check on me. Now that's service.

This is the place where every band that I like tends to play.

Sixty-seven thumbs ecstatically up!!!
Next door to work, so it's convenient.  Luckily it's also yummy.  A bit pricey, and the portions are a bit over-sized.  A bit less on the plate and out of my wallet would be an improvement.  Highly recommend the garlic sauce.  Always very fresh tasting.  Tip: visit at 11:45. Not noon.  Seems like everyone goes at noon, so the line can go out the door.  However, line usually moves fast and the food is worth it.
Super good food!  

Try all the wraps, there all amazing.  The rice and hummus are super delicious. Fast, very fair prices, always hot food, and never had a bad meal there.
Zankou chicken provides that unique taste and flavor in their food that will leave you fiending for more.  I am so glad this place is a short drive from my apartment.  I brought my family Zankou take out for dinner last night and they absolutely loved it.  I ordered a whole chicken ($9.99) and it comes with a stack of pita bread and garlic tahini sauce.  I also ordered a falafel wrap($4.99) for my sister since she is a vegetarian.  The chicken is absolutely tender and falls right off the bone.  I  ordered the shwarma wrap ($4.99) which i saved for my lunch at work.  The service is fast and the wait is not long at all.  Plenty of seating for dining in.  This place lives up to its hype, and is as good as it gets! SERIOUSLY.
As if I wasn't impressed by everything in Harvard, Algiers was a perfect icing on the cake. This college hotspot is way more than your typical coffee house - how many cafes serve an allday all-American brunch menu alongside a fabulous middle eastern menu and provide a perfect refuge for the hoi-polloi that throng those hallowed grounds. I had the best mujadara cradled in a bed of yoghurt and an awesome mint tea when I was here for lunch. With a ton of small tables crammed in every inch of available space on both floors, the place was a bedlam of conversation, even on a weekend afternoon. Very unique, very good, very Harvard!
Add my review to the list of Yelpers who love the Middle East for shows. 

The Upstairs is cool because it seems to showcase more local acts. The Downstairs manages to be both spacious and cozy, and unless you are standing behind 10 rows of people over 6' tall (ahem, Irving Plaza),  you'll be able to see. I like the bar area, where you can stand off to the side with an elevated view of the stage and crowd.  They also serve Magners. Cider and good music? Sign me up.
The gyro is awesome and the service is very, very friendly. Definitely the best gyro I've had in Pittsburgh - you absolutely need to get the gyro with the hot peppers though.
We actually entered Algiers to get help in finding another local sandwich place called Hi Rise Bread Company. The staff at Algiers was so nice that they told us about them. As we left, s Algiers' niceness  and the smell of the food and the overall cozy ambience pulled us back in. The lamb kabob sandwich was delicious! Coffee is great! Would go there again.
Not only is the Tabooley awesome, the hummus is my absolute favorite. i have no idea what they add to give it the distinctive flavor it has (it almost tastes peanut buttery, but it's not on the ingredients list), but it's great. I find a lot of places put too much lemon juice in their hummus, if it's supposed to be made like that, then i must be the freak who doesn't like lemon juice in their hummus!
the bartenders here suck. well, let me back up--they can pour beers and keep the counter moving, which is good. however, they don't know how to make...pretty much anything. if you want whiskey on the rocks, great. beer, awesome. vodka cranberry, sure. but don't ever order shots or any drink that is usually standard. they cannot make anything with more than 2 ingredients. why have a full bar if you cannot use it.

the dance nights are really hit or miss.
I came here with a few people and then a second time with my boyfriend. I ordered the same thing both times.

We were just walking around the Village around closing time for all the restaurants. My sister got hungry so we stopped at this place because it was still open. We ordered one gyro and we all had a tasty bite. It's so yummy! It had the perfect balance of flavors, the meat was tender, everything was just right. Their salad (which I had the second time I came) is also good. My boyfriend got the beef shawarma and that was good as well, but i prefer my little gyro. The husband and wife are very sweet and friendly.

I give it four stars because it was good for what I had. I haven't had anything else from there.
Will absolutely NOT be visiting this business until the fake reviews are removed and they can learn to be a little more professional and mature about how they go about things.  REAL human being Yelpers that have been here give it Three Stars so I would assume that is the truth.  The rest of the drivel on here is just unprofessional spam.  Get a life Stixs.

UPDATE:
The fake reviewer "John G." sent me this little "Compliment" only proving that Stixz Bistro lacks any iota of professionalism.  This is NOT the way to run a business or bring in customers.  Here is the "compliment" the fake reviewer attempted to post:

___________________________________

Thank You    11/11/2007
John G.

Austin, TX

For your review of: Stixs Bistro

Find a gun and use it on yourself, 

__________________________________
So ever since I started running the BON Run, I have literally ran past this place plenty of times.  It was always packed and I figured it was a good place, but I always noticed the terrible parking situation.

When my friend offered to drive, I was IN.  So he just pulls up and double parks like it's normal business.  In reality it is, you just have to tell your waiter, and if the people that is parked in needs to leave, then you move your car.

So onto the food.  We started out with the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer, it was good.  I opted for the mixed grill, which was a variety platter of most of the meats they have.  It was perfect for someone who has a big appetite and wants everything.  I also had a bowl of the lentil soup, which I had never had before, it was different but enjoyable.

My friend had the lamb thin crust pizza.  These pizzas are small, almost the size of a piece of naan.  It was enough to fill him up but I totally would have had to eat at least 2.

Also, the free bread they give you to start out your meal is delicious, and possible the best part of the meal.
I was really unimpressed by Mira. Their appetizer (we ordered the falafel) was alright. The falafel weren't bad (maybe a little dry), but the pita it came with was rather thin, dry, and tasteless. I wanted to order the  Kebbeh for an entree, but was told that they only had one left over from lunch, indicating that they were pre-made and were just going to be reheated in an oven or microwave. I decided to forgo this one (the entree normally has two), and order the eggplant and mozzarella cassoulet. I was overly disappointed. The dish made no sense. It was basically some chopped eggplant and cheap, rubbery mozzarella on polenta, drenched in what had the distinctive taste of store-bought jarred pasta sauce. I would not recommend it to anyone. My boyfriend's dish was slightly (but only slightly) better. He got the feta and lemon stuffed chicken. First of all, this chicken was anything but stuffed. It was just solid chicken breast except for a light lemon taste on the top (that you really had to concentrate to make out). It was extremely bland, and not at all what I would have expected from a mediterranean place. It came with vegetables, which were simple, but actually pretty good and potato wedges that were edible, but boring. We ordered "chocolate and raspberry red velvet cake" for dessert and once again were disappointed. There was absolutely no chocolate, and the only hint of raspberry was the raspberry that came on top. The frosting was clearly something like the canned duncan hines you would get a Wegmans and tasted like it. It was piled on top of this cake, which was overly dense  and clearly cooked in the serving dish. (Which in this case is not a good thing considering it was in a custard dish). THe atmosphere was also disappointing. It was nearly empty, with one waitress, and still service was a little slow. It did not give off a mediterranean feel and the music was terrible elevator music. There is much better dining in Ithaca, and I would not recommend Mira's. Hope this helps!
Love this place.  Everything is so good and I'm tempted to eat here everyday when I'm going to and from work.
It is a really good place for shawarma, and falafel. 

It is run by a really nice and friendly husband and wife team, and a Russian assistant. I always like it when the husband prepares my food, as he is very attentive and super generous with the portion size. The wife and the assistant are nice, but their portion sizes are really small. 

I go to this joint at least couple of time a month, good food and is inexpensive too.
Oh Cedars - you've found a place in my heart, a place that can drink a bottomless cup of sweet chai and relish in the smells of Indian curries. Go with the Tikka Masala Panner, Spinach Naan, and the cucumber-yogurt raita, and I promise you, you don't need to go to India!
For weeks, I have intended to write this review. But every time I think about writing the review I end up going to eat there instead. This is partly procrastination and partly because their falafel wraps are phenomenal. This has become a shining beacon of hope after months of disappointment living in Central Square.

I've only ordered their falafel wrap, and frankly see no reason to get anything else. They use just the right amount of tahini, the falafel themselves are moist and flavorful, and the ingredients taste very fresh. The lightly toasted pita is a great touch and heating the wrap before serving seems to give the flavors a chance to blend nicely.

The guys behind the counter take their jolly time, and the confined waiting/dining area is often very crowded with impatient people waiting. People who eat in seem to struggle to enjoy themselves with all the movement and lack of space. If you want to get that failed OkCupid attempt off your back try taking your date here - a guaranteed miserable time for romantics. I could not imagine eating here nor would I want to.

But with their late hours on Thursday through Saturday you have no excuse to suffer Hi-Fi pizza ever again.
There's a reason East Side Pockets has nearly five full stars--it's possibly the greatest place ever.

1. Cheap
2. Filling
3. Quick
4. Delicious
5. Friendly

The ambiance leaves a bit to be desired, but who the hell cares.  The staff are genuinely polite, ruthlessly efficient, and actually seem like they're enjoying themselves.  I dream about East Side Pockets.  I routinely finish my whole order, feel uncomfortably stuffed but still wish I could eat more.
I've been eating at Saca's since it opened. I think the falafel (green) is the best I have ever eaten, and I have eaten falafel in the Middle East. I also really like the French Fries when they are fresh. I am now a vegetarian, but I used to eat the meat dishes as well, and they were fine. The owners are really nice and they are almost always there. I believe that their cook has also been there from the beginning, so the food has been consistently good. And, they are really nice people. They have kept prices low by offering a nice but not fancy eating area, and focusing on a small set of the most popular Middle Eastern dishes. The location is nearly perfect -- right in the heart of the Claremont Village. You will not be disappointed.
I'm amused that some people are rating the restaurant, some the downstairs, and some upstairs. What a strange place. Strangely amazing, that is! I've never eaten here, but I don't like the layout of the restaurant and it always seems kind of chaotic and not fun. However...

The downstairs is such a great place to see shows. They have a great location and tons of fantastic bands here. I'm here about once a month at least for concerts. Upstairs is incredible if you're a fan of the band, because you're pretty  much sitting in their lap the whole time. I've seen the same band in both the upstairs and then downstairs at different times and it was a totally different dynamic. Same band, very different venues (upstairs vs. downstairs). I've never been to one of the electronic/DJ things upstairs, but they sound kind of cool.

Verdict: sticky floors, I love thee, sketchy bathroom that might give you herpes, j'adore, live music in a funky place with a bunch of underagers who get the main floor (damn non-drinkers)...priceless.
Moody's is an excellent place to catch a cheap ($4.19) meal, that fills you without making you sick. 

Yes, they put pickles on it. It says so on the menu, so ask for "no pickles" if you don't like them. 

It's crowded and uncomfortable to sit in there, so it's much better to get your food to go if at all possible. 

They're open until 3am on the weekend!!

It's housed in the building that once held the last White Castle franchise in New England. 

No, it won't be the best you've tasted, but at 2:43am on a Saturday or just for $4, try it and see what you think.
BEST HUMMUS EVER!

Enough said. 

Cheap. Good vegetarian food. The hummus has a lot of garlic, so if you don't like garlic. Don't eat it. It's that simple.

The falafels are decent, but I think you can't messed up a falafel... lol
This place is totally sweet. Cannot underscore enough how delicious the falafel is. Service is always quick and courteous. If you tip, they give you free baklava!
I went here for my birthday, because I wanted somewhere sit down that was also my favorite food, Lebanese food. My review may be unfair because this is the food of my heritage and I grew up on it, but I was not impressed. The lamb and beef in our appetizer platters was delicious, but not especially middle eastern. That was the best part. Everything was quite expensive for what ended up being small portions, especially when I am used to any Leb food being served in huge, family style portions-always. The food was good but not great, and the hummus wasn't even as good as the stuff I get at the grocery store. The owners liked me, and that we share a common culture, but I can't promise that I will come back here for dinner.
zankou chicken and me go way back. back in the days when i was young, but im not young anymore but sometimes i reminisce, wtf... haha. anyways, zankou is one of those places you have to try at least once and you make your judgement from there. their specialty is rotisserie chicken. as of couple of years ago the pita bread, hummus, and the garlic butter have to be ordered on the side. ordering the garlic butter is a must, without it chicken will taste whatever. might as well get your rotisserie chicken at costco. for you that get bored easily, there's a huge map of the la basin on the wall for you to memorize.
Absolutely love this place. The hummus and garlic sauce are to die for. I wouldn't say the chicken is the best part though, I am personally a fan of their steak meats with the pita bread mixed with greens and garlic sauce.

If you live in the area, make sure to try it out sometime. The prices are can be a little high but it's worth it and the plates are filling. Great for leftovers, too.
I typically hate falafel, but I love this place. If you love falafel other places, maybe this place won't suit you. But if you usually find the flavor off-putting and dry, try this place for a happy alternative.
This place is bomb. For the price you pay and the amount of food you get. this place is hard to beat.
  I must say, the prices are rising a bit, but the food is still well worth it. 
  Their pickled radish and garlic butter sauce (that come with most meals) are DEELIGHTful. I've never really had a 'dry chicken' experience, even with their chicken breast.
   I do wish they kept the place a bit cleaner, and it does smell a tad funky but the food is GOOD. And if you have some time you can go next door and get some comics. Oh...and the parking lot SUCKS. park on the street if you can.
Honestly the best falafel pita I have EVER had.   I first went to this place a couple years back.  Deciding to try it again I walked down from UCLA (parking is nightmarish is this area) and try the falafel pita.  The pita bread is baked fresh daily on-site.  The falafels are really quite decedent. No harsh tasting spices (too much cumin or salt) and cooked to perfection (golden brown on the outside and green on the inside).  I love how they have a toppings bar.  Their veggies are always fresh and crisp and sauces are one of a kind (special hot sauce, white sauce, hummus, and other assorted deliciousness).

This place has four bar stools at a counter as setting on and that's about it.  Another issue some might have is that its really hot in here during the summer.  Those very sensitive to temperature might want to have a friend go in and get their yummy, yummy pita.  What this hole-in-the-wall joint lacks in ambiance is definitely made up in food quality and taste. 

Bella Pita, thanks for adding some joy to my graduate school experience!!!!
Staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly and make great recommendations. 

The patio is great place to sip Angora White Blanc.
Went to the walk up window the other day. Ordered the falafel sandwich that was served with no hummus, dry flavorless pita bread, and iceberg lettuce. I am Irish and I can cook better Middle Eastern food than that.

Oh yeah and the guy who was making the food with his bare hands was also handling the money at the register and didn't even consider washing them.

Pretty disappointing.
The hours that are listed here on yelp may not be correct. I was at Al-Baraki for lunch today during hours that yelp said it was closed. Call ahead or check their website to be sure.
I think I stole my friend's gyro. And it was awesome. The best gyro I've had , not too much meat, fat, and sauce and with more veggies.  The smoothies were too sweet with syrup, but they have this awesome tea dispenser so you can choose 4 different types of teas. They get 5 stars just for the tea.
Mira's kind of irked me.  Maybe it was being the only people there, yet still waiting a full 30 minutes to order our food (we did get our drinks sooner).  Or maybe it was getting three dead unopened clams in my entree.  Or it could have been the music that alternated between cruise ship calypso and techno muzak.  

In any case, the tapas plate was good, my clams/linguini dish was very good (except the dead clams), and my husband's kebab was not good (dry and bland).  I would have liked to get a cocktail (it was that kind of week), alas - just beer and wine.  The malbec by the glass was insanely sweet.

soooo....  yes, a pretty blah review for a pretty blah place, unfortunately.  Goodish food, very bland service, generic atmosphere.  They're still new, so maybe there's hope?
Beirut came highly recommended by a few friends. I can see why they like the place, but I'm not sure there's enough awesome to totally outweigh the not-so-awesome.

The restaurant is a relatively small place on River St. with street parking. There is an air conditioner above the front door, but it was not in use when we were there on a fairly hot day. We decided to sit outdoors instead of being too warm inside. We were sitting in front of an apartment building's front door, so we were greeted by the people leaving. We were close enough to the street that someone getting into her car had to ask another dude to move his chair so she could get her door open. Slightly awkward.

The owner as super friendly. After your first visit, you're family, he said. There was a clear understanding that making people wanted and appreciated is important. More restaurants should make people feel that way. This would be a 2ish star place without the exceptionally friendly service.

I asked for water and was given bottled water. I don't remember whether we were charged for the bottles of water. We ordered what amounted to be a sampler plate for two ($16) plus a large order of garlic fries ($7). The sampler plate came out quickly and included tabouli, falafel (4), baba ganush, hummus, dolma, and a couple small vegetables with nuts on them. A basket of pita wedges came with it. I'm not sure anything was absolutely outstanding but I also didn't dislike any of the items.

A not-so-large basket of fries arrived once we were done. The timing was not ideal. Something about the fryer being small so it takes a while. In addition, ketchup was not available. The garlic paste was good, but it was a little intense and dry without ketchup or some other sauce. The fries themselves were fairly standard fries you'd get at a diner or whatever. Nothing special. Not sure they're worth $7. In fact, I'm sure they're not worth $7. There's a $4 small size, but I can't imagine how few you'd get for that.

For dessert, I got baklawa ($3ish). There were 2 pieces, each good enough for a small dessert for one person. It was pleasantly not super sweet as it was not drenched in syrup, but that also made it a little dry.

All of the service items were paper, styrofoam, or plastic aside from the baskets the pita and fries were served in. It felt very not upscale with prices that would imply upscale. This place could be a lot better if the food came out all at once and non-disposable service items are used. I'd be more comfortable paying the menu prices if it felt more like a serious restaurant rather than a family gathering.

I might go back to get a falafel or try shawarma to go at some point, but I'd probably swing by a fast food place on the way home to get more fries for less money and in less time.
This restaurant is actually called Beirut now.  I always want to give these guys a great review because they are so nice but anything i've ever gotten with chicken in it has been so dry i could barely finish.  My friend always gets the falfel or a falafel platter and never has any complaints so I'll just have to get that next time! Also a trip to Beirut wouldn't be complete without their garlic paste (not for the faint of heart). Take some home and try grilling chicken or roasting vegetables with it.
I'll keep my opinion of the owners to myself, all I'll say is that they are stingy and always appear overworked-except for the dad. 

But concerning the food, I have to say that it's fresh, simple and delicious. I don't like their filet, but their chicken kabob is my favorite and their Greek salad, basmati saffron rice and yogurt dip is fabulous. They also have a neat selection of drinks, including Mexican cokes in the glass bottles made with cane sugar. 

As for the location and interior; it's in a strip mall and the actual place resembles a liquor store, but it's fairly clean and comfortable. I'd rather eat at a blah place with great food than the other way around.
This is a drinks-only review.

The drinks are very good. Not WOW!!! But very good. Also, they are generous with the alcohol. 

The staff is attractive and nice, but not extremely friendly.

It's a small bar, so go early to get a seat!
DELICIOUS! I love this place so much. And not even because I used to live literally upstairs, making it super convenient. I still love it and go back regularly even though I'm all the way over in Center City now. The falafel is wonderful, the hummus is great, and the grilled chicken platter (with a healthy dose of their homemade hot sauce) always hits the spot for me. The service is good and fast, and the prices aren't bad at all, considering that a platter of any kind can easily serve for two meals if you aren't completely ravenous when you order it.
My friends and i have eaten here on separate occasions. For some reason we have separately gotten gastroenteritis afterwards... I think it's the falafels. I'm afraid to go back to try other stuff, despite the good reviews.
I just started my second year of grad school and recently tried Kismet Cafe for the first time. The Chicken was amazing! Moist on the inside, crispy on the edges and very lean and flavorful. I could have done without the Tabbouleh- too heavy on the celery and onions; I like more cucumber, tomato and grains in mine. The falafel was interesting, I definitely tasted cinnamon, which was new to me but delicious!

One thing that is almost a deal-breaker: The pita was thin and stale. Hard to bite and hard to chew. Yech. I'll probably go back because the place is so great otherwise, but the stale pita is probably going to  annoy me more and more.
It's weird.

I want to like this place.  It's plain but kind of modern looking inside.  And it's usually busy enough to suggest that the food is good.
But, it's not.  Not really, anyway.

The falafel, for which Amir's is supposedly "famous", has literally made me feel nauseous on more than one occasion.
And the chicken shwarma was kind of fatty and bland.
They give healthy portions and I recommend the lamb.  The hummus and garlic sauce is not as good as Zankou's though.

The food comes out in lightning time so that is definitely a plus.
My husband loves it but I say it's ok. I prefer the bowl over the naan wrap. I been there twice and the first time I had the steak naan wrap $8. I didn't care for the meat because it was super soft. The naan was doughy and so thick. The second time I had the spicy chicken bowl $7 which taste a lot more better. The only downfall is the chicken is dark meat. And, that is the reason why I won't go back again. 

Make sure you have extra money to park.
Zankou did not live up to the hype.

I ordered the chicken wrap, seeing as a plate of chicken, hummus, tahini and pickled turnip is overpriced at $10.99. I'm not sure if my wrap had been made a few hours earlier, but when I opened it, the pita was falling apart and the chicken was very, very dry. I should have complained to the staff, the quality was that poor, but I was starving and chose to make due and slather each bite with garlic paste. The garlic paste IS amazing...everything else was disappointing.

If you're looking for QUALITY Middle Eastern for an affordable price, go to Wahib's in San Gabriel (on Las Tunas). $9.99 for all-you-can-eat buffet, and the food is a lot better.
I want to hug the Middle East.  I want to bring the staff jelly beans.  I think I even may love this place as much as I adore TT's.

Awesome (and sometimes not) bands perform here.  I have so many great memories of watching Mary Lou Lord, Robby Roadsteamer, and about a billion other groups take the stage here.  This may not seem too significant, as it's a venue, but remember that someone books these bands.

I sort of wandered in, as it was my friends' hangout, and I always felt welcome.  I kind of felt like I was getting adopted.  The servers were always friendly, and one even helped me devise my own dish that wasn't on the menu (tahini salad with chicken roll up).  One bartender actually grew up in my neighborhood and we were able to compare notes.  *love*

Ahh, the hazy, smoky nights spent at the Middle East.  I may not remember them well, but I'll remember them fondly.  It's a happy, comfortable place.

I think I need to go back tomorrow.
ZuZu for the Puu Puu is more food than two people can swallow, unless you're one for a food baby. But the  Soul-le-lu-jah and Flavorhead dance party is what can't be missed! Come here to get your funk on! WHoo-whoo!
Great little place. I was there in the middle of the day on a weekday and the place was practically empty, but I could tell it could support a much larger crowd. The Thai noodle bowl with seasoned tofu really hit the spot, and my order of pita chips were a bit greasy but probably the best pita chips I've tasted (better than Stacy's bagged kind). Great little place!
4 stars

this place is average, but they make up for the rest in service and quantity.  

their chicken is really tasty and juicy.  i haven't tried their other meats.  the pita is yummy also.  huge portions so the price is well worth it.  i also like their wraps.  :)
i've come here to get grilled veggies and hummus to go on several occassions, they're really nice!  
the dude behind the counter has given me free desserts on multiple occassions.  :)
This is the place to go to for good Persian food! I've been here many times and have never had a bad experience. I've ordered the chicken kabobs, lamb, koobideh (ground meat), and even the lamb shank with dill rice. Make sure you come hungry because the portions are huge and you also get pita bread and a choice of lentil soup or salad. I would definitely recommend getting the letil soup.
BEST middle east place in town, I have tried others, they are NOT the same!!!
I'm hoping this is the right new location for the Falafel King haha.

So I've been to this location once, and the older location twice.  It's basically the same thing but a different facility.

Overall I like this place.  It's good for healthy eaters imo, most things are veggies other than the main meat portion of the meal.  I enjoyed my lamb meat with my sides.  I didn't quite like the peanut thing wrapped in leaves but everything else was good.  I've tried about 6-7 different sides and they're all nicely made.

Overall it's a bit too healthy for me? But I did enjoy the meal.

The service is good and the price is about 8-11 dollar per person, which is a good price meal for what you get.  I do wish they would give me more pita bread tho!
Mmmm...gyros!

The family and I were in the U-District and needed some good grub for dinner.  I had a really big craving for gyros, so I suggested this place and since I was buying, no one could say no. ;)

I ordered a mass of lamb/beef gyros, an order of dolmaths and a plate dinner with gyro meat.  All of it, every single morsel was eaten.  Down to the very last drop of sauce that came with the dolmaths.  Everything was delicious, freshly prepared and great flavor profiles.  When the food was gone, I wanted more!  Now, I have dreams about gyros from this place and want to try their falafels next!  I had some pretty amazing falafel in Paris, so they have some stiff competition!

If you haven't gone, there is no reason not to.  Good food, cool people and they take cards.  Win, win, win!
Ho hum at best. I was spoiled by the Pita Kitchen when I lived in the Valley so maybe these guys aren't really that bad but halfway through my meal I seriously considered stopping and going to grab a slice of pizza. Everything tastes as though it was prepared at the beginning of the week to last. Not fresh. They only give you one piece of pita bread and the chips are greasy. Not Delicious, thumbs down!
My roommate, Joce, and I decided to bike to the Algiers Coffee House today for brunch.  We didn't know what to expect.  As soon as I walked in I knew I loved it.  The restaurant is a two story building with lovely, authentic decorations and full of warmth.  We wound ourselves around the staircase to the roof deck where we sat.  Besides being flanked by a beautiful blossoming tree, we also had a perfect view of the sidewalk, which was great for people watching.  Joce and I split a big plate of the best hommus (very garlicky) and both ordered the grilled eggplant sandwich with sumac.  There was no rush for our table so ended up spending an hour and a half eating and reading, atop our Harvard Square perch.

Oh, and its vegetarian and vegan friendly :)
The show was great but security snatched  my soup ladle out of my hands, and "lost it". I tried to complain to management but they brushed me off. I saw a lot of other people get their spatulas taken. It's a shame that security at this place is just going to steal cooking gear from you. I wouldn't go to a show here, even if it's Lil B.
Ok I've had the shawarma and the stuffed grape leaves (vegetarian). The Shawarma was excellent and the stuffed grape leaves were very tasty. So Will I be going back again you ask....NO! This place is only open M-F 11-5pm when most of us are at work. And don't even think about sneaking up on the weekends because they are closed on Sat & Sun. The only reason that I was able to enjoy anything from this place is that I took my birthday off from work and just so happened to walk-in and give this place a try. I'm thinking there may be a correlation between the business hours and the number of reviews. Anyhow if you are a student or work in Oakland do not miss this place! I however, will have to look elsewhere:(
Hands down one of the worst venues ive ever partied at. Yeah the events can be cool but the venue itself is disgraceful. Staff are soooooo rude!! I was trying to be friendly with everyone but all i got in return were bad-mannered A-holes of a staff team!!

Other than that the music is good, but the venue is so grim, dull and dirty. Toilets are disgraceful (unless walking in puddles of urine is your thing). The smell inside the venue is horrendous, but i guess thats what you expect in a venue full of sweaty people when there is no air conditioners, just furnace style heat lol

The mid-east seems to be trying way too hard to be something its not, it reminds me of those old, wash-up bars you would find your college professors hanging out at.

There are much cooler places in Boston you can find good music and people at.
So the Arabic coffee was great. Strong, sweetened, very enjoyable.....now bring in the service. Not so strong, sweet or at all enjoyable. Just had a pot of coffee, no food.

I would not recommend this place for a "quick" anything. But if time isn't a concern I would come back...alone. The atmosphere is great!  I can't subject any of my friends to that terrible service though. Ick.
It's a rainy Wednesday afternoon and this small place is packed.   It's not on lake its nestled next to the parking lot of the east side of the buildings. I ordered the chicken schwarma.   Not the "best" I've had but pretty good.  

Comes with salad.  Hummus and pita bread.  No sooner had I ordered then the food was ready.  McDonald's could take a lesson from these guys.  

I was lucky to get a table.  There are maybe eight and a set of chairs on the wall plus a steady stream of people still pouring in 

I'll definitely be back !
Finally.

My wife and I lived out of state for nearly a decade.  We missed the snow and our families and blah, blah, bah.  Actually, we really just missed the frick out of La Shish's garlic sauce, pita and Mdjarda sandwiches.  We were crushed when we read of La Shish's demise, particularly since we were never able to have our culinary swan song at La Shish.

Enter Sheesh.  You know, like "Sheesh, what the F took you so long to rise from La Shish's ashes?"  Sheesh's garlic sauce is perfection.  Vegans, it also happens to be egg and dairy free.  How they are able to accomplish that heavenly creaminess without animal products is beyond me but I am pushing the "I believe" button.  Their falafels were first rate and the mdjarda sandwich was a homerun.

The only disappointment came with their pita bread.  At least they baked the bread fresh but it was far too thick and not at all reminiscent of La Shish's pillowy soft and airy pita bread.  Their bread was good but we were hoping for amazing.

Sheesh still merits a strong 5 stars.  Best middle eastern food in Ann Arbor.
I am always satisfied with the food at the Middle East.  The venue is a bar/restaurant complete with the odor of stale beer and pine sol.  At first the restaurant comes off a bit dirty but I would recommend sitting for a bite.  Also during lunch the restaurant is not crowded at all.  

My recommendation is the Beef Shwarma Sandwich.  Full of flavor and perfect portion size.  

Sadly, I am yet to see a show here.
I love this place. Best falafel in Providence! You will not be disappointed with anything on the menu
I ordered the chicken kabob sandwich on the whole wheat pita. The pita was super fresh and tasty. Everything tasted fresh, cucumbers, cabbage and onions were crisp. The only complaint I have is that some of the ingredients of the sandwich were not evenly distributed. For example, I didn't taste any of the hot sauce until the last 3-4 bites of the sandwich, and it seemed like all of the meat was on top and none at the bottom. However, I really enjoyed it overall and would stop by again. Their prices are slightly higher than I typically like to pay for lunch, but manageable for a treat once a month or so.
--Cappuccino average.  The foam was poorly made.
--Atmosphere (at least down stairs where I sat) pretty uninviting.  My table had some sort of sticky substance on it that was not going to come off even if I were to have one of the employees attempt to clean it.
--Expensive (especially when you include gratuity for table service)
--No wi-fi (what is the deal with coffee houses not offering wi-fi?)
--I'll likely try this place one more time, but if I'm not impressed, I won't be coming back.
This place is so money. 

6:30pm: Father and son: "Hello!"

6:30pm: you order

6:30pm: you pay and receive your food

6:30pm: Father and son: "Thank you!"

Yes that is real.

Plus they told me they get into the restaurant at 7:00am and it doesn't even open until 11:00am. That means they are there mixing chicken and beef around for like 4 hours. If they mix it around for 4 hours how could it possibly not taste good?
Pump is more or less dead on.  I enjoyed the food a bit more, but the overriding feeling you get right now is "Man, they need to get their act together."

So yeah, placing an order was tough.  Getting the food was tough. And yes, prices are a little high for getting served on styrofoam and plastic. But hey, my beef kufta was tasty and the potato curry soup was appropriately spicy.  Had it been a smooth experience, I might be tempted to even go four stars, only complaining about disposable dinnerware and blah ambiance.

I'm willing to give it another try. They're probably stuck at a three in my book either way, but hey, 3 star joints are still good enough for an occasional visit when the favorites are feeling a bit staid.
Sometimes, you just gotta have a gyro. And when you're on the Ave in Seattle late night, the place should be Aladdin. Keep in mind I take my own review with a grain of salt because all three times I have visited have been post drinking, which means at the time I was craving either a bean and cheese burrito, a greasy bacon cheeseburger, a hot dog with grilled onions and cream cheese.... or a lamb and beef gyro. 

That last drunk munchie only got added to my list after I studied abroad and got hooked on the taste of doner kebabs (it will never leave me, I'm certain). Now that shaved meat calls to me every time I exit a bar (not a bad thing in my opinion). Aladdin caters to this crowd late at night. The guys behind the counter are awesome and very patient with their inebriated patrons. You also have quite an entertaining crowd with people from around the Ave coming in.

The gyros are the only things I've gotten, but they are cheap (a jumbo for around 5 bucks) and tasty (again, don't how much of that I can attribute to my friends Jack, Jim and Don). Make a mental note for yourself before you go out and hopefully you'll be reminded sometime around last call. You won't be disappointed.
Delicious!  The kafta kabob , fattoush salad, hommus, and lentil soup are to die for. Really reasonable prices and consistently great.
Decent falafel pita sandwich, but the liquids in the wrap managed to leak out all over me -- not my idea of a good time!
I recommend getting a dish of the lovely, classic hummus and some pita to go. This is not a place I like to actually sit and eat in. Last time I was there a barefoot, drugged-out young woman started harassing the cashier and asking for a burger. "Come on, dude! Just a burger! OK, just a drink! Naw man, gimme a burger!"
Like most Greek places, Kismet doesn't have burgers, and bravo for that.
Had the chicken sharawama. Holy isht, Batman, it was amazing. AND different flavored fruit Snapples? No wai. 

Seriously. I'm a n00b at Mediterranean food. I literally went in there and was like "so what do people get? OK. I'll get that. OK, yeah sure. Uh huh." Price is great, amount is great.. large enough glass windows so I can creep on people walking down the sidewalks and not feel like a hamster. 

Yeah, so there was a.. mmm.. turnip in the wrap? Might I warn you that it is AWESOME. I'm so bleh towards weird sounding vegetables (SPINACH? Whaaaa..), but wow. Good food. So. If you ever decide to hit up the List Visual Center, this is a perfect place for lunch. Seriously. You like jammin' food down your throat, this is a good joint.
Went in by default, as other place we tried to visit was closed.  Appetizer combo platter was enjoyed by all, the babba is one of the best I've had - not too mushy or over mixed.  Bread is to die for.

The mixed grill platter comes with a little bit of everything for $16.99 - can't beat it.  Lacking a wine list - so we were forced to buy wine based on prices more so than any description.  Ended up with a cheap bottle (still $24) that should have been avoided (though others enjoyed it).

The rice pudding was the best I've ever had - more cream than rice (for a change)
This place is really bomb if you have never been here before. I personally went here to much times so i'm too used to it. 

atmosphere-very loud , modern music , lots of college kids/teens/ some adults

food-its alright not too bad...but not the best. I get the appetizer platter its cheap and has alot! The drinks here are good.

what's good-the vibe , hookah , drinks

what sucks-$10 per person , so loud at times...


BUT- so many hot guys there!
We just moved to this area and discovered this little place after going to the bank around the corner. We decided to go inside and Delia the owner is very welcoming. I didn't know what to get so I chose a Philly-Cheese-Steak sandwich. Go figure, in a place like this it was delicious! Very homemade tasting. We go there every once in a while and enjoy it. The lunch specials with the gyros are a steal and very good too! I highly recommend this place!
I don't like falafels. But don't let the name deceive you, this place is very good. I tried the beef and lamb gyro. I loved it so much that I got the sauce all over me... and I didn't even care! It was very good, my boyfriend loved his too. I am not a huge gyro fan, but whenever I am craving one again, I will definitely try this place again.
Good food and drinks, but a great place to see some live music.  Cheap covers and an intimate atmosphere.
Soul-le-lu-jah and whipped garlic.  SOLD.  Love dancing at Soul-le-lu-jah.  Great music and always have a blast.  Can get really packed and sweaty, beware.
Not the best hookah or drinks I have tried.... The guy helping us couldn't make the hookah work properly so we weren't able to really enjoy. The drinks were really soft....The taste was good in both the hookah and the drink but that was it.
So good. So, so good. I lived in NYC for 3 years and never found any falafel that was even close to being this good. If I could, I'd give them 10 stars.
Like others have said, we wanted to like this place.  The people were very friendly.  It could be a cute little cafe.  However it was so sterile looking it felt like just another "serve 'em up, shove 'em out and wipe up quick," fast food place.  The food was blah, average, nothing to brag about or go out of your way for.  The fact that everything we ate off of was paper, plastic and disposable really nailed that opinion.  Really, just between my husband and I we generated a mountain of disposable garbage.  Do these people think for a minute about mountain of extra trash they are sending to the landfill?  I guess I wouldn't care if I always ate at fast food places, I'm sure they're all the same.  Even regular restaurants send alot of food to the landfill that could be composted, but this place was TOOOO MUCH!!  I just really wonder where all these other people eat that they think this is good mediterranean food.
Literally as good as it gets! I have NEVER had a better falafel... and the price is right. Very fresh ingredients made daily and from local organic produce and "Haal grade a" meat. I've been a loyal customer since 1999 when I first moved to the bay and was shown this AMAZING establishment. THANKS SUNRISE DELI!!! ALWAYS ON POINT!
Although I have not actually been INTO the place, a friend of mine have always bought food from this place for study breaks. This place has the best hummus, tabouli, rice, and everything! The presentation is great, and from what I heard, they are very nice people. That money they make is directed to them, so that might be it.
This has been around for ages, and I always forget how gorgeous the upstairs is until I go back. They layout is funky, and there are some excellent nooks and crannies for large groups. The tables are shaky, the waitstaff are nice but not overly so; our server was very patient with the big group of crafters coming in and out and the small children. The sandwiches are predictable in a good way but slightly--just that extra 1.00--overpriced for what they are. But the other bonus that I forget about is they serve breakfast all day, which is nice if you want something sweet for dinner.
J-Garden is a wonderful bit of Ann Arbordom that I hope never goes out of business. I used to frequent J-Garden at least once a week when I attended Community Highschool (back in the day). Frequently I'd have my wee pet rat Freckles in my pocket (he was very civilized, never left the pocket so don't freak-out) and the old owner always gave me a bit of lettuce, carrot, or pita for him if I stopped by to pick up a sandwich.

Now that I've woolgathered a bit...on to the review!

It's 18 years later and J-Garden's still makes an exemplary Chicken Shwarma sandwich...you can get it with hummus, baba, garlic sauce, salad or tabouli on the inside. Very addictive.
Falafels are the best in town - not greasy/heavy and will not sit in your tummy like a brick. The staff are friendly and the entire menu is inexpensive and the wait-time is usually minimal.
This place is close to my office so I have eaten there a bunch of times.  I have very mixed feelings about it.  I really like falafel so the first few times I went to this place that is what I ordered.  However I have to say their falefel is the worst I have ever had.  I have eaten it three times just to verify that my findings were not a fluke.  It is mushy and extremely salty.  So offensive that each time I went there I did not even finish my food (which for me is unheard of).

  That being said after I gave up on their falafel I started ordering their chicken sharawama pocket instead of the falefel and it is actually quite good.  I enjoy the pickeled vegetables that are thrown in and the chicken is freshly cooked and juicy.  If it wasn't for the chicken this would be a one star.

  The price at this place is moderate for lunch considering the sandwiches come a-la-carte without fries or other sides, but reasonable for the quality.  Their is a reasonable amount of space to sit but it does get pretty busy at lunchtime during the noon peak hour.

  Not a bad place... just avoid the falafel.
Here is an equation:

chicken+garlic(To the power of a trillion)=Oh my God, my mouth is paralyzed

This is how I sum up Zankou Chicken.

The mix of the garlic paste they give you added to the chicken is pure amazing-ness. My mouth was literally tingling with this happy sensation of taste-overdrive!

Wheeew! Well this place is kinda cool because of it has a funky interior to it. Like an old school cafeteria. The food is incredible and sooooooooooooooooooooooooo reasonable! Like so cheap you can get a few things just so you can try everything.

I got the 1/4 white meat chicken and boy-o was that bird juicy. The garlic sauce they give you is not even an option-its a necessity when eating  b/c it is so damn good.

They have a good salad called a Tarini Salad and the best hummus I have ever had. And I am a picky hummus girl!

This place is fun b/c I know that me and my friends and boyfriend sat there forever reciting lines from the Goonies and we just felt so comfortable being there. The soda machine gives you unlimited refills so you can just sit there, fill your cup and keep laughing.  Zankous literally completed my weekend. 

I lost my Zankou virginity tonight and boy did it feel good.
They do it right.   It's simple, quick, and fantastic.  I'll almost always get the roasted chicken pita.  Can't ever go wrong with that.  The falafel is also dependable, as is the hummus, and the dolmas are excellent.  Even better, this place is a bargain for the quality of what you get.
Decent food. 

Okay drinks. Mostly attentive bartenders. 

HAVE PROPER ID. They don't bullshit about IDs. Be ready to get turned away. 

You can see some good shows here. Be smart, be early.
Upstairs seating is beautiful no matter how crowded it can get. 

The coffee is strong and delightful-- the food -- OH man. I think I got falafel, and I'm a strong judge on my falafel -- Algiers does it right!

This place is definitely full of dates -- first daters, long time gf/bfs, dating central. I came here and everyone was holding hands across the table, getting baklava or besbousa, sipping on some mint tea. Very cute.
I went here once, a while back, and had the half chicken and chips.   The chips are addicting, and probably the among most delicious I've had anywhere, but probably very unhealthy since they were extra-deep fried.

The chicken (which I think is either baked or rotisserie) was well-done, not seasoned too heavily, and delicious.
HUGE portions for a very reasonable price. I had the naang packed with rice, different types of sauces, corn + mango stuffing, peas etc. So good. Greed consumed me when I ate, and I stuffed the whole nang doown. It was so good, but my stomach felt like ripping... I had eaten way too much. 

So yes folks. It was THAT good!
I'd love to give Zankou Chicken 4 stars.  Its just that...its so inconsistent!  Depending on the time of day you get it, the chicken can be extremely dry or extremely moist.

If you've never been here before, definitely check it out.  Everyone raves about the garlic sauce for a reason.  Their elusive recipe probably includes some unicorn hairs and eye of frog - there's something magical about it that transmutes the chicken into something really special.

They have a parking lot, it just requires a really smart mouse to guide you through the maze.
I'm in Armenian heaven! Zankou provides a lot of bang for a buck. I wanted to try a variety of things so bought two plates--one plate with a chicken and lula kabob, and one plate of chicken schawrma, all that came with lots of hummus, pita bread, beet salad, and garlic dip for about $20. Way more food than I could eat in one sitting. Very satisfied!

Good luck finding the parking lot. I have seen it but after multiple trips I have not yet found the street that accesses it.

(Almost minus 1 star for service: waited over 20 minutes for my two plates!! Instead let me make a suggestion: call and order in advance if you want _fast_ food.)
This place is amazing. I'm from Dallas, but every time I come up to Providence to visit my friend I insist that we come here to eat at least once. I describe it to other people as a sort of Mediterranean Chipotle. I've never gotten anything besides the wraps, but they are so good that I wouldn't think of getting anything else. 

You can pick what you want in your wrap; they have plenty of vegetarian choices including falafel, grape leaves, hummus, tabbouleh, as well as different meats to choose from. My favorite is the combo of lamb and chicken, but the falafel is also fantastic. Then you pick your toppings - hot sauce, hummus, tabbouleh, onions, banana peppers, pickles, and tzatziki sauce. All of this wrapped up in a huge pita for around $7! If they were in Texas I'd be here all the time.
I love love love love love this place, even tho we moved out from Pasadena I always will try to make a stop and bring they delicious food home. Family business that cares about service, food quality and freshness of the food. Miss you so much chicken shwarma :)
I literally ordered the food,  blinked, and my food came out. Hahahhahahaha.....

The food is not bad. I enjoyed the shawerma, the sauce, and the rice. I wasn't a big fan of the pita bread, as it wasn't soft and fluffy. 

Come here if you're super starving and have NO TIME to wait for food to be prepared because you will literally get your food before you can whip your money out to pay for it. Bwahahah....
5 star fast food
Can get crowded, a reservation or going early in the evenings especially on weekends is definately recommended.  The food is great though.  They change their menu up every couple of months too, so there is always a reason to go back.  One of the best resturants in Chapel Hill.
all I can say is live belly dancing!  Salsa Fridays are fun as well.  Haven't tried the food yet but the nightlife, shows and drinks make my happy!
Hookahs and tobaccos sub-par. Difficult to draw smoke and even the premium tobaccos are not worth noting. 

Ordered dolma, which was average, but the server realized AFTER I was finished he had forgotten to bring yogurt with it.  Shawarma sandwich is pretty good.  

Fairly cheap.  Overall not that great.
The ambiance of this place is great: small tables with nooks to hide in and even a small roof patio.  I went here for lunch and got the majadara: a dish I had never heard of but was enticed by the lentil & rice combination.  I also got an order of Turkish coffee.  The dish was so so good and although $9.50 seemed pricey for lunch, the portion was huge and could easily been 2 meals or split between 2 people.  The coffee was good but for almost $5, seemed a bit steep.  Overall, a pleasant place to hang out with a really unique atmosphere.
I'm an Israeli and really picky about my humus,tabulech  and baba- ganush. 
 I was in West Lafayette for work. Usually  I hesitate to go to Middle Eastern places in US as most  of them quiet  disappointing and not comparable with the real thing which you get at the Middle East. 
 So I reluctantly flowed my colleagues who were craving for some Middle Eastern food. 
 And I was really surprised with this place it is almost as good as you can get it at home. 
 The Humus , tabuleh and masabacha are great!!!
 Also Falafel and the deserts are really authentic - 
In one sentence it was my first time in the US when I manged to have the food like at home, which I have missed for so long time.
...certainly can't cook a meal cheaper than eating at zankou's... ignore it's creepy past and just enjoy the food...
I am surprised by the 4.5 star 106 reviews. Maybe students here should visit Boston's restaurants. Food was strictly ok
If you want authentic Middle Eastern food, Blue Nile is where you want to go. I have had many meals here, both in small groups and large groups. As well as at lunch, dinner time, and late at night. I have never had bad service nor a bad meal. After eating here so much, here is my list of recommended menu items:

--Appetizers
Hummus with meat
falafel

--Lunch
Blue Nile Shawarma
Chicken Shawarma
Lunch portion lamb biryani (or chicken)

--Dinner
Full portion lamb biryani (or chicken)

Due to their resizing of the seating area, there is no longer a lot of space for many large groups. Therefore, if you are planning to have a large group of people with you, make sure to get there early and get tables pushed together. Other than that, this is a great place for large groups!
Eh... is pretty much all I have to say about this place.

Quick fix for food. Not expensive. Open late. A line often forms, which I thought was a good thing.. but EH. Food tastes..... ok. I didn't really get why the pickles, so good thing I like pickles. 
The guy was a bit rude, snatching money here and there, but my friend said they werent the regular people. EHHHHHHH............
I gave this place 4 stars because it was good, BUT not great...The best thing about this place are the prices..Good food for the price.  I will most likely return because its a great deal.  I still think Pita Pita a few blocks away on Colorado is better tasting although at Pita Pita your paying about $2 more.. I went in for lunch around 11:30, line was short..few minutes later there were about 5 people behind me, but the service is fast!
I found out about Tom's Tabooley while searching for vegetarian food on Yelp. Jackpot! I came here on a Sunday afternoon and had the $5 falafel special. I also ordered hummus and a Dr. Pepper.

The food was delicious. Good falafel, not too dry. Delicious fries. Yummy hummus. The guy who took my order recommended some Sriracha sauce, which did a really good job of rounding out the flavor of the meal.

The restaurant itself seemed to be a hodgepodge of styles and seating arrangements. I ended up sitting in an upholstered chair and pulling up a round table. Hey, whatever works! Now hurry up and get down here!
this is a fast food place, let's get it straight. everything is pre-cooked and under heat lamps. given that, it's pretty damn good. the price is reasonable for the amount of food you get, and it's all pretty tasty. it's not fancy or anything, just good fast food. the huge pictures on the wall of happy people picnicking is kinda weird
The owners are so friendly!  the lamb gyro platter was delicious, enough for two meals. I don't know the ingredients in the bright white garlic sauce -- how do they get it so white? -- but very good.
We visited Saca's this weekend for lunch and were not disappointed.  The lamb pita sandwich was very good and the kalamata hummus was excellent.  Everything was fresh and the service was friendly.  It was worth the walk, as downtown Claremont was busy and we had to park over by the train station.
This hole-in-the-wall place in the middle of a strip mall serves up some outstanding Mediterranean fare. It's a small family owned restaurant serving delicious food with a friendly smile. The place is packed during lunch, but come at night and there's no wait. I show up just before they close at 7PM.

I usually get the chicken shawerma plate. It's really moist dark and white meat cooked/marinated in some magical spice mixture. There's a very generous portion and it comes with rice, salad, hummus and pita. I've played with my food since childhood and like stuffing everything in the pita for a makeshift pita-wich.

Today I finally decided to try something different, the chicken kebab. I thought it might be on the dry side since it's white meat, but it's moist and tender! You get two large kebabs with their usual sides of rice, salad, hummus and pita bread. Eating this makes me feel healthier than the dark meat shawerma.

Ask for extra garlic sauce. I'm always too busy slathering it over everything to bother with the hot sauce. I'm sure that's good too though. Whatever you get, you'll leave satisfied and stuffed for less than $10. Excellent food, excellent value, excellent service.
Hot sauce? HOT.
Variety of sauces, vegetables, SO MANY THINGS!

Got the Falafel wowshi (really they give you two halves of pita and 1 1/2 falafels in each pita... really?) but it's pretty cheap.

Stuff stuff stuff your pita and you get a super filling amazing yummy food. (:

Just wish they had some space to sit or at least a little more room... eh what can you do. I also wish though that their customer service was a bit more friendly. Eh.
I'll be brief, just like mens' "der wear"

Their sandwiches are delightful, press grilled, which, though ends up a bit awkward near the end, overall bolsters the sandwich vehicle. Pita otherwise becomes a wet blanket.

Their falafel quality comes and goes.  In the same order, I have had falafel balls that were fluffy and perfect, others that were dense and somewhat burnt tasting.
Delicious!  Everything fresh, hot and just the right portion for a yummy fast food meal.  Loved it.
If you know your falafel, you'll know this is the best out there!
Between the falafel and the bean wowshi, this is vegetarian fast food heaven
The wowshi is yummy too, what a great concept.  Your bread baked with your favorite stuffing right in front of your eyes and so quick given the quality you get.  My favorite is the beef wowshi, so nicely spiced at an unbeatable price, and you can add to it all kinda goodies from the salad bar.
I agree with the other review about opening late, this would be the perfect place for that midnight snack.
pretty good, and pretty cheap- what more do you want?  the only thing i ever get is the falafel pita, and the best part is the self-service condiments bar.  pretty much, they just hand you 3 fallafel balls in a warm pita, and you go nuts and add as much hummus, tomatoes, lettuces, etc... as you want.  which is tight.  

oh also, they make the fallafel balls fresh when you order, so they're hella good- warm and fresh tasting.
I was enjoying my ham benedict and looking at all the other dishes the waitress was taking to other tables thinking "I want to try that! And that!"  Food was excellent. There was one waitress for the 15 or so tables and a line out the door, so service was a little harried. Will definitely be back to this place.
This Chicken speaks to me... meaning i can polish off a whole chicken (all dark Meat) to me self! The Garlic Spread is a must with the pita! i always get extra and use it on everything at home, or on other fast food places. I can just snack on the Garlic Dip and Pita all day long! This location is great, Close to my casa, not so good with the parking(street parking if you can find it) But plus side there is a Comic Book store next door! Score one for the Geeks!
Came to check it out with my relative because Damon and Pythias
was closed. The Chicken Wowshi was really good- huge portion- Good hot sauce !  The fried cauliflower was temperature hot and crunchy !  Will
definitely come back and try the other items on the menu !
The falafel was some of the best I've ever had. The same goes for the baba ghanouj (though the baba ghanouj sandwich overall was a little too lettucey). The gyro was pretty bad; the meat itself was flavorful, but it was very dry along with the rest of the sandwich.
GO TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT IF YOU WANT TO FEEL LIKE A CRIMINAL. I will absolutely NEVER go here after my horrible experience last night with their incompetent door staff. This place is run by a bunch of degenerates!
So I decided to drive out to Pasadena from long beach and this was the highest rated Greek restaurant here... Really? It is simply average food and there were flies buzzing around the food as they were making it. I was expecting a lot more from this place and it wasn't anything special. Come on yelpers!! Pull it together!
Always, always happy with their falafel with hummus, pickles and hot sauce. Loved the chicken shawarma when I used to eat meat.

Staff is usually helpful and friendly especially Frank if you catch him on a good day!

At times I wish there was more seating but I do like the intimate setting in a old tiny house.
I've tried the super falafel and lamb shawarma. The burrito-sized super falafel was excellent. Lamb shawarma was good too, but not as good Truly Mediterranean's in SF. You can get Airbears here, and I think they have their own wifi too. I'll definately be back for the super falafel.
Good food.  I really like their falafel, which tastes fresh and not overcooked, which I find to be a commonly occurring problem with most falafel.  Their Turkish coffee is good, though, admittedly, I know nothing about Turkish coffee.  I also like their mujaddara, which is pretty cheap at $2.95.  Their sandwiches are decently priced, but not the cheapest in town; 'Hummus and Tabouleh' and 'Falafel with Hummus' are both $5.00, compared to ~$3.70 at La Pita, though JG's sandwiches are better.
Funny, I ate here twice before ever even seeing a band play here. 
I dig it. Hipster hang out. Good local music scene club.
Great food great prices. The Doner Kebab is fabulous and at the time I got it only 6.49! (the o should have dots (umlaut) above it too lazy to get it from char map :D )  I was filled up by it as well.  Not overly pretentious but not ghetto either great patio now that we seem to be cooling down a bit.
Omg yes! This place was so good! Yay for meat that melts in your mouth! I can't wait to go here again, the ambiance is a little weird though. There is all this Egyptian stuff here and the cooks are quite loud and I have no idea what they are saying. The tv is blasting. The guy that rang us up was wearing a t shirt that said "Egyptian gangster" haha what?
I Love Zankou Chicken - the chicken is just about the juiciest on the planet, and the garlic butter is truly icing on the cake. And did I mention the thing they call the 'pickles' - the radish type food. It's excellent! 

Eight dollars is all you'll need to be unbelievably full. So be sure to come here on an empty stomach.
Lebanese cafe ... a self service where you choose between appetizers and entrees.. I also liked the shawerma sandwich. It only opens till like 4 PM, more of a lunch cafe ...
First of all, i can't believe i didn't know about this place until my last semester at PCC! and i've been there for 3 years. My friend introduced me to this place and i consistently come here at least twice a week now. I love there chicken kabob plate. Lean cutes of chicken breast, and lots of it. Very flavorful and tender even thought its white meat. They also give you a lot of food. Enough to split with another person and still be satisfied. The only thing i can think of that can use improvement is the wait time for the kabob plates. 15-20 mins is a bit on the long side when you only have an hour break in between your classes. Other then that, everything is great and i love the food here!
Ollie's, Ollie's, Ollie's.  I couldn't help but give it 4 stars  - the fries are tasty and the servings are large, the small staff is extremely friendly, and the atmosphere is MUCH cleaner and breezier than Applebee's, CStone, or Bentley's.  There is love oozing from this place, really.

That said, they do suffer from 2 problems that I think are hurting business.  The first problem, it's hard to do anything about - the location is across the street from CVS/Game Stop, or up the street from the parking garage. Unfortunately, you walk past a lot of other options for food in the 30 seconds it takes to get there from your car.  Don't get me wrong, it's not an inconvenience at all to the customer - more to Ollie's owners, since you do have to pick Ollie's over 5-6 other solid choices  2, they offer generally good, always personalized, but sometimes inconsistent product.  When it comes to 1, they're gonna have to get real creative with marketing on a tight budget. 

Let's elaborate on 2, since if they read these reviews maybe they can do something about it.  Their menu is HUGE. This is both Ollie's awesomeness, and its downfall.  On the awesome front: the Lebanese specials and such make it stand out from a normal burger place, and if you're not feeling exotic you can always get a Philly cheese steak or burger or a variety of other sandwiches.  Also, they recently added a couple Mexican things, like corn quesadillas (ask for veggies and salsa on the side, they're quite good and were free additions!).  The downfall front: honestly, the quality of the food is inconsistent across menu items (and sometimes the same item is inconsistent across different days, but they are quite nice if you ask them to add different things or make your food a certain way).  Some of it is GREAT! I liked my quesadilla a lot, and it was a tasty and unique take on it.  Some of it is okay.  The falafel is passable - I've had better, and I've had worse (ask them to keep it moist!).  The crabcake, well, didn't strike my fancy, but I'm a picky crabcake person.  

In conclusion, give this place a shot, or 2 or 3.  It's a nice place to be a regular at I'd say, once you find your groove.
I rarely give 1 star reviews. So let me tell you why this place sucked balls.

1. 15% for a party of 2. TWO?!? Who the FUCK smokes hookah by themselves?
2. Crowded as HAAIIIIILLLL, it's gotta be a fire hazard
3. shoddy quality of the shisha, even the "BETTER" one
4. EXPENSIVE AS HELL.
5. Do NOT come here as a big group. 15% tax on 2 people, a little more for 3, and even more for 4. I don't know how the math goes, I think they try to add the tax or fees or what ever the fuck they call it randomly.
6. Cash Only
7. My turkish coffee sucked BALLLLLLLLS
8. sketchy mc. sketcherson dude was outside the restaurant being sketchy as all haiiiiil tryna hustle..or SOMETHIN. 

So all in all, this place is sketch. the shisha is sketch, the prices are sketch, the gratuity is sketch, the coffee is sketch, the rolls parked outside with fucking CONES around the car like a douche is sketch, the people that work at the place is sketch, everything about this place is sketch. 

do NOT go here.
Delicious, fresh food at very reasonable prices.
I think that the food here is fabulous and the atmosphere is nice whether you sit in or out.  The small plates are wonderful and the is good selection of vegetarian dishes.  The bread that they bring to the table is like nothing I've had before.  The drinks are fantastic and make sure you cap it off with some Turkish coffee.  My girlfriend loved the place and I was the hero.  We are going back this weekend and I am going to try the Turkish pizzas.   This place is a little gem.
This place is run by really friendly Turkish guys!!! The food is brilliant and they are always helpful to suggest things on their menu. Try of some their daily specials. Lamb chops are amazing! The sandwiches are also really good. I would give the food four stars for it's authenticity and taste. The extra fifth star is for the price. For this price, I don't think you will get better food in New York.
i was impressed with the falafel [option of spicy (i got spicy) and not spicy] wrap.  i am interested to see how their gyro stacks up
Great fresh food, good service and ownership that cares deeply.  

I eat lunch here about twice a week.  Not only is the food good, but you cannot beat the prices.   It's the cheapest GOOD food in Pittsburgh.

But it's not all about the price.  The food is simple but authentic and delicious.   When my wife have dinner there -- about twice a month -- we usually order another three or four things to take home for the next day.

The service?  You ALWAYS feel welcome.  The wait staff are rushed at times, but friendly.  And "slow" is a relative term.  This ain't a fast food restaurant.  Relax, enjoy an appetizer and talk with your meal partner.  

And bring a bottle of wine.
Hm. Maybe I was in on an off day or ordered the wrong thing. I really hate seeing great Yelp reviews after I've had a less than solid experience someplace because I always wonder what happened and whether I should give them another try. Times are tough, and I can't always justify a re-try with a limited budget for eating out.

Anyways.

My dining partner and I had the gyro plate. I've had plenty of gyro plates (lamb is delicious) and this one was the worst: the meat was dry and the sides were somewhat tasteless. Even worse the entree was smothered with an overpowering sauce that completely threw off the delicate balance of the dish.

The total was just over $22 including cans of soda and the cutest little piece of baklava I've ever seen. Unfortunately it was the least appetizing, and I strongly suspect it wasn't made recently.
We had dinner there early on a week evening.  Service was friendly and, except for the check at the end, timely.  The room is darkish, decorated with attractive Turkish rugs on the wall.  At that time of day, at least, it was pleasantly quiet.

We had hummus for an appetizer, I had the Sultan's Delight (beef) and my wife had tilapia in phyllo dough.  And of course we started with their bread with olive oil dipping sauce, which was very zesty.

The humus was fine, the Sultan's Delight was excellent; tender beef (medium), tasty spices and some melted cheese that rounded it out nicely.  My wife's tilapia was reported to be excellent too.

We had a Groupon and I look forward to another chance to go there cheaply, but for a special occasion I would definitely consider paying the full freight; we had a very good evening.  I see I previously rated it a four.  Based on this experience it's a five.
Way better than anticipated!

We saw this place while searching for a middle eastern restaurant to eat at on here and noticed that we walked by it on the way to Pam's Kitchen the other day, so we decided to try it.

We ordered/shared the Mixed Grill Tray $14.99 and was very impressed with the portion and selection.  Our entree came out within 5 minutes.  The kebabs were really tender, moist and flavorful!  I was really impressed on the tenderness of the chicken, especially since it was white-meat.  All the meat on there was seasoned and cooked to perfection.

The only down side of it is you have to get your own utensils, glass and drink, but for the price you pay for it, its really worth it.  I believe the entire meal with our drinks came up to less than $18 and we were really full and pleased.  The owner/cook was very nice and he frequently asked us from the counter if everything was good.  

The setting is nice and they play middle eastern music, which i really enjoyed listening to.  I'll definitely come back here again and would recommend it to anyone!
always good.

garlic sauce & hummus

Tri Tip and chicken

these are some of my favorite things =]
Pretty good food and large portions. The menu is a little limited but excellent food.

I enjoyed the garlic chicken wrap and chicken shwarma wrap. Comes with pita chips!

Enjoy the frequent patron card where you eventually get something free for your stamps.

One less star due to the limited menu and sticky tables. Ewww...didn't like the tables.
I can't believe it took me 10 years to finally get to this place. I went to the restaurant side, no show. I peed, had a PBR and thats about it. Service was actually very good. The server kept checking on us, making sure we were getting enough to drink. (As if we wouldn't let her know if we weren't) I'll have to go back earlier in the evening...
Sorry all! Wrote this review for the wrong place. Please use this to reference: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cedars-restaurant-seattle-2

This place is unreal! A local friend now transplanted in the Seattle area took me here. "Wow!" is all I can say. I've never tasted curry this good. The flavors just come out and attack you. Sometimes, I just want to book another flight to Seattle just to have their curry. 

The bad news is I heard the owner sold it and opened a new restaurant. I'm not sure if the qualify is the same but I dont think that would stop me from dining here again. Yum!
I wish there were more places like East Side Pocket around New England. In college I ate here atleast once a week. Their falafel is always perfectly made with rich flavor and great sauces (get everything on it!). My mouth is water just thinking about one. The staff is always friendly and although it's small, it's a great place to grab lunch or dinner.
so...

beware.  this place is NOT worth your time, money, or, anything else it might require of you.  this place is a complete rip off.

i went with some girlfriends and when we walked up a quite good looking guy smiled and offered us a table.  nice, i thought as he ushered us inside to an exotically lit, hazy lounge-ish type room.

i could not have thought more wrong.

we were the victims of a classic bait and switch.  because as soon as you've committed yourself to overpriced hookah and food, the handsome waiter disappears.  

and all you're left with is mediocre to fair hummus (with not enough bread so you have to pay for more), poor quality hookah that is consistently ashy that you have no way to fix, and turkish coffee which (in the words of another astute yelper) does indeed suck balls.  or you can order the $3 soda.

also, unless you plan to smoke hookah alone, be prepared to fork over gratuity for parties of 2 or more.  that's right.  two or more.  and you will be paying for nothing, because the service is nonexistent.

the only good thing about the whole night was when some seemingly coked-out, spoiled kids from ucla (which seem to be their primary clientele) knocked over their hookah and almost set themselves on fire.  

it is also the most authoritarian hookah bar ever.  no dancing.  no drinking.  no smoking.

no thank you.
delicious, i am addicted. stop reading and go try it. they have specials for students on tuesdays.
Waltzed into this place not knowing what to expect. Got the falafel for lunch takeout but wasn't thrilled with it. Service was very rude, especially considering they were the worse side communication-wise. Definitely wouldn't return unless I somehow had to. Allegedly it's a cabbie hangout, per A Cook's Tour.
I once saw Jerusalem Garden referred to as the "Best Cheap Eats in Ann Arbor".  I have to agree.
something i miss about going to school and living in claremont is being able to regularly eat at saca's. it's affordable, reasonably priced and pretty fast. as previous reviews have already stated, you can't beat the falafel, chicken and lamb schwarma. although the food is good, the best part about saca's is the very friendly owner. prior to studying abroad in jordan, the owner gave me his sister's name and the name of her business in amman incase i needed something, or if i was just in the mood to say hi. taking that kind of personal interest in one's customers i think says a lot about one's business. i may have to take a trip soon to say hello and have some falafel.
Sells truly an inexpensive and superior falafel. The balls are crisp.
I have been here several times, and generally get the skender Kebab at the behest of my Turkish friend.  It is pretty delicious, and is great comfort food.

Today though I went with the Karsk Pide (Mixed pide) which is a cheese, eggs and meat pizza.  It is pretty much the best "breakfast" pizza I have ever had. I am not sure they consider it breakfast pizza, but I consider anything with scrambled eggs as an ingredient breakfast.  Also at about $10, it was enough for two at lunch.


Service was also very prompt, never was out of iced tea.

Also get the Turkish Coffee for some spring in your step on the way out.
I'm not the biggest falafel fan, however I LOVE this place.  They have the best falafel wraps I've ever had.  And they make them exactly how you like it, with or without as many toppings as you'd like (and there are lots of options).
This is the place that started my love for all things pita. East Side Pockets is really the ONLY thing I miss about living in Providence. 

I noticed that the store did some sort of remodeling? After reading reviews, I see that their quality is still great and their fanclub is hearty.

Funny story, flashback to 1999: one of the workers got into a fight with some drunk college bloke who was pretending to pee on the floor. The worker jumped over the counter, grabbed a 3 foot long sword (yes, a real sword) from the wall over my head and threatened to kill the frat boy. The boy ran out, sword was replaced on the wall, and the cook returned to his cooking station. Of course, I kept on eating my falafel pita like nothing was wrong. That's how good the food is....I will flirt with death to finish my meal.

Please tell me that the swords are still hanging on the wall.
Came here for dinner this past weekend since my friend recommended it.

Parking in the back of the establishment and when you walk in, it's a very long hallway. This place got pretty packed after we arrived and ordered.

I got the half Tri-Tip Shawerma and half Chicken Tarna combo plate. Sides were hommus, sesame sauce, pickled turnips, tomatoes, pita bread and garlic sauce.

There was so much food for this place, it was big. Tri-Tip Shawerma was very tender and juicy while the Chicken Tarna was nearly dry. I didn't enjoy the chicken too much but the Tri-Tip Shawerma was awesome. Pita bread comes out nice and hot. The hommus tasted better than the sesame sauce. Lots of veggies for the salad as well.

The place was a little dirty but it wasn't too bad. The wait for the food took a while as well.
If you are a student or work at UT and you don't know about Kismet Cafe... there's probably something wrong with you. It is one of the few places within walking distance to campus that serves Middle Eastern food, and it really isn't all that bad. 

They have a cheap lunch special, $5.55 for a pita, fries or chips, and a drink. You seriously can't beat that! However, I went for lunch yesterday and the line was rather long, they were not calling people in order (I was #14 and #23 got their order before me!), and it can get pretty cramped downstairs waiting. But until I find a better shwarma/pita that is so close, I'll probably keep coming here!
Yum!  I've been here several times for the rotating lunch specials and I'm always happy with the food.  I typically get a side of fries with my pita-of-the-day, and the pairing is just enough food to satisfy me without feeling stuffed.  I usually have to wait a bit to get my food, but it's always fresh so I think the tradeoff is worth it.
If you won't cook bacon to your customers' liking, you fail at breakfast. Sorry, restaurants of greater Boston, I'm not budging on this fundamental principle. Your regular customers may be willing to make a virtue of mediocrity; I won't.
The food was great, but not quite what I was expecting. Since the restaurant is a "kebab" house, I was expecting to find a döner kebab somewhere on the menu. Unfortunately there weren't any but the lamb kebab roll I ate was good enough. 

The naan bread was delicious, and so were the potato fries that came with it. The service was good, and I got my food pretty fast after I ordered. I liked that the food was easy to take home, but not so good as leftovers. 

Casablanca has a great location, and I will definitely be making a trip back.
Good spot for a quick bite (that is what I went in there for but the platters looked big and could be a good place for a dinner to share with ppl). Its reasonably priced for the portion size (I got the falafel sandwich with everything on it).
 
Seating is cramped, when we got there it wasn't too busy yet most of the tables were dirty. I wasn't expecting a 5 star dining experience but a clean table would be nice. 
That being said, if I'm in the area I'd probably go in again.
I just reactivated my acct so I can write about them.  Will definitely not go back there and I bet they won't stay open for long either.  
The food was bland and tasteless.  The hummus tasted somewhat watered-down.  My friend and I ordered a Kibbe platter, which comes with salad, rice, and hummus.  All were piled on together in the box.  And well, I have never been to a place where they gave you one HALF of a pita bread!!!  Asked for hot sauce and the guy responded with a cynical comment.
The attitude wasn't great either.  I had to come back to ask for a second fork because we could only find one in the bag (I specifically asked to make sure they were bagged along).  So I came back, I got an attitude from the lady for *ohhh* asking for another fork.  Then, the guy behind the counter responded that I only paid for ONE person...implying that one dish only is entitled for one utensil.

Two stars for keeping that place clean.  Wrapro first and last time for me!
While the Falafel Palace has numerous "pros" working for it: walking distance, central location, late hours, decent prices, variety of options...there are too many "cons" and the "quality" (or lack of quality) of those negative points that bring out the rating that it deserves. 

Having moved from an area that offers a variety of fresh, low-priced, and delicious choices - I have tried not to let my previous experiences affect the lacking options in the greater Boston area. Keeping that in mind, I still cannot allow this place to be recommended. 

The items are often dry, rubbery, flavorless (and sometimes, really strange flavors), and mushy. I have tried their falafel and shawarma wraps - and just can't get myself to come back anymore to try anything else. Service can also be spotty and inconsistent. 

Yelp is asking me to rate what it's "Good For" (i.e. Lunch, Dinner, Late-nigh snack) and I wish there was a "Barely Sub-par Meal" option. 

While it's reputation may rise as the hours get later in the day - that is not enough to warrant it anything more than 1 star. And appropriately so. Don't waste your time here.
The food is good and I love the lentil soup.
WARNING: Do not try Zankou unless you are prepared to become a raging addict! I first tried it several months back, and now I may be forced to move to Pasadena because I can't live without it. 

As the name implies, Zankou Chicken is known for, well, chicken. But, if you ask me, I say it is the beef that is beyond amazing. The Lula kabob meal, which comes with Basmati rice, hummus, flat bread, and assorted tasties (with which to garnish), is basically a huge helping of awesomeness. If you want something smaller, go for the tri-tip shawerma, for it will completely satisfy you with its juicy flavors. 

I can say no more. If I do, I will go into mouth-watering withdrawals.
I really love this place for their kabobs. I usually get either lamb kabob or chicken kabob. Its a perfect place to eat lunch and one box usually feeds two people.
I love this place. 

Though they use standard Gyro meat for their Shawarma sandwiches, they still taste very good, and I love their tahini sauce--which is, in my opinion, way better than their tzatziki sauce.

Their falafel is unrivaled in the area. It's deep fried to that perfect crunchy texture, and drizzled in that amazing tahini sauce. 

 When I spend time in the U-District, this is a place I find myself returning to again and again.
Oh, Bella Pita. Let me count the ways I love thee. 

1. Thank you to your fabulous staff who always recognize me, greet me with smiles (and perhaps a chuckle or two) and have memorized my order. I am not ashamed to have a "usual" at BP. 
2. Chicken wowshi--you have redefined well-seasoned chicken, delicately caressed in your heavenly pita blanket, and have subsequently changed my life. 
3. All three sides (falafel, fried cauliflower, fries) are always made fresh. Fries are arguably the best in Westwood. They're so good, I burn my tongue on these tasty little morsels served piping hot every time because I'm impatient.  Tip: ask for a sauce cup.  
4. On that note, sauces. Dear god, the sauces. How you make my taste buds dance with joy and ecstasy. The trifecta: white sauce, herbal dressing, and really hot sauce. I'm particularly partial to the really hot sauce. This is not for amateurs. This sauce means business. But the good kind of business where everyone leaves a winner. Really hot sauce, you are a winner. You are like the kind of friend I'd like to have by my side at all times, especially in times of blandness. Or when ordinary ketchup just isn't enough. Like with chicken nuggets. Damn that's a good combo. 
5. Your low prices have induced me into many a food coma with a college budget. Despite my extreme desire to crawl back into bed and avoid all tasks deemed productive, I can't be mad at you. 

My only complaint? That you haven't expanded to Hermosa Beach where I have moved. But fear not Bella Pita... For you, I, of course, shall return.

Addendum: fries have since changed and are no longer the deliciousness they once were = :( + broken heart
I haven't eaten here yet but discovered that it is a great place for drinks! I went with friends that know the bartender really well. He's a great! Next time I go I want to try some of the food it looks really yummy! 
I've been here for a concert downstairs too. I thought it was a great spot for bands to perform. We had a great time here and I look forward to going back!
great new place!  The pita is the fluffiest I've ever had.  Everything else is simple but hits the spot.
Algiers is a strange and special place. Or maybe I should say "special but strange." The decor is authentically Arabian -- which, among other things, results in handcrafted octagonal tables that wobble no matter which way you turn them. The menu is deep and varied, with coffee prices that are too high for what you get (even by 21st-century coffeehouse standards) but also mouthwatering entrees that, while not cheap, give you all the bang you could wish for your buck. You wouldn't expect a coffeehouse to serve lamb chops; you certainly wouldn't expect them to be this good, and to be served with fries, hot sauce, pita bread and a salad.

As for the service . . . it's hard to judge, because I always seem to get stuck with the same very young, very skinny, very beautiful waitress, for whom English is very obviously a second language and service is at best a distant third or fourth. There are servers at Algiers who can keep tabs on their customers. I've seen them. I just never seem to get them.
Pita Pita is one of the better Mediterranean places in Pasadena.  The food is usually fresh and served in large portions.  Chicken kabobs, shawerma, falafel, tabouli, hummus and pita chips are all tasty and recommendable.  It's best to order multiple items and share.

Rarely, some of the dishes are served too salty or tangy, as consistency is one of Pita Pita's weaknesses.  It seems like a different restaurant every time.  That dish you ordered last time with rice and salad is now served with hummus instead.  Next time, expect it will be a different arrangement.  There's a bit of a language barrier while ordering but misunderstandings are easily resolved.

There's a peculiar hallway between Pita Pita and Japon Bistro, and apparently both share the same restroom facilities as well as neglecting the responsibility of cleaning them.  Parking is limited and it's often easier to park behind the Regency and walk over.

All minor complaints aside, Pita Pita does often serve some of the best Mediterranean food in the area.
This is definitely one of my all-time favorite restaurants here in the Boston area.  They are opened up all the time - even until 3!  I love their chicken falafel wrap with hot sauce, and maybe a little hummus if I have extra napkins. 

The ground beef and steak wraps have a little too much connective tissue, which is why I avoid them. 

The chicken plate is excellent as well.  

Their pastries don't seem to be home made.  I would avoid that.
Dear Middle East,

I love you. You're an institution, and you deserve your acclaim. But please, please, PLEASE fix the sound in the ME Upstairs room. If the band playing the room has more than three instruments, the sound turns to mush. I don't think it's the fault of the resident sound guy; I put the fault squarely in your lap(s). 

Don't be like TTs!
I've been eating this stuff all my life. It's just that amazing!

There "specialty" is there rotisserie chicken, but I usually get the Tarna. It's absolutely delicious!

The prices are pretty cheap, but not fast food joint cheap.
This was an amazingly fast and fresh meal!  The food tasted great, and the service was friendly.  The only thing that we didn't like was the baklava.  It was dry and tasteless.  Free parking behind the shopping center.
I LOVE BELLA PITA!

it's definitely one of my favorite places to eat in westwood. i'll get it to-go before a road trip, for a quick dinner, or even as late-night munchies after a night of drinking (its open till 2 i believe!)

my favorite here is the steak wowshi.. honestly i feel like wowshis are a better deal than the pitas here, beccause it's cut in half so it's almost like you have double the amount of food! there's a big salad bar with extensive sauces...so you get to build your own wowshi/pita to deliciousness :)

warning: the really hot sauce is REALLY SPICY. so be careful.
My favourite falafel place by far.  The falafel is always fresh, crispy, and the perfect temperature.  The lettuce is fresh, the tomatoes are fresh, and the seasoning they toss on top is great too.  

Try it without the yogurt sauce if you can stand it.  I like it better that way since the falafel stays crispier, the pita stays dry, and the sauce doesn't accumulated at the bottom of the wrap for a big mushy mess at the end of your meal.

They also have delicious fries that they make fresh sprinkled with seasoning.  

I would not recommend this for a first date, because it's not very attractive to bite into a wrap the size of your entire head.  It's also very messy (perhaps this is why they serve it on a cafeteria tray).  

It's cheap too!
NOTE: I'm only commenting on ZuZu's Saturday night Soul-le-lejah:

1) It is WAY too crowded. The space is tiny and it fills up by 10, and then it is a mosh pit. There is no dancing to be had, just bouncing around and getting smacked in the face by drunks who think they know how to swing dance. 

2) The DJ is not a DJ. He simply plays one soul song after the other, with terrible pauses between. While the individual songs are great, paying any amount of money for a dance night whose DJ cannot even transition from one song to the next, (let alone actually DJ) is not. 

3) Despite points 1 and 2 above, I have enjoyed myself over the years at soul-le-lejuah. Probably because I got there early and was drunk. But, after this past Saturday, I will never go again unless the owner offers my friends and I, and all the people who were waiting in line past 11pm, a private evening of drinks, appetizers, and music by a real DJ. Why? Because at 11:30, after my friends had been waiting in line for close to an hour, the doorman let in the editor of the Dig and his group of 15-20 friends, ahead of everyone. 

Come on ZuZu - I thought highschool was over.
- hot tea (hot water provider in a mug along with a tea bag of a cheap lipton tea)  $4.5
- small generic bottle water (special Habibi branded water ) $3.50
- Hookah : $17.00
- Automatically Added gratuity (under a Subtotal line item) $2.5 

Getting the worst service by possibly the worst restaurant while sponsoring for the owners expensive car collection : PRICELESS

DONT GO THERE, NOT WORTH IT, Gypsy Cafe is much better
I really am surprised by the terrible reviews Amir's has!  I think they're great!  I use them as a catering service and they always deliver the food on time and delicious.  We used it for a student function and of 125 students I didn't hear any complaints only compliments.  I'm using them again this year, let's see if they're as good as I remember!
Good food, quiet atmosphere: it's great place to do your homework and grab a bite. if you are a fan of Turkish Coffee, this is one of the few places that serve them in Boston. Definitely try their Hummus, it's not bad  at all.
One downside to it: the service is generally pretty lousy. If you are in a hurry, this is not the place to go, but if you want to kill 2hrs while reading a book...
Ollie's appears to be nothing special, at first glance. But I've been here a few times now and know that simply is not the case. The older gentleman that runs the place - usually a one-man operation - is passionate about his menu. Always trying to advise me on my order, even though I always end up getting the same thing - a veggie burger and fries. And I have to say, for veggie burger lovers (like myself) - Ollie's serves an excellent one. Something different, certainly not your average Boca burger. The fries, of course, are fantastic and well-seasoned. And I've also tried my boyfriend's falafel and fried cauliflower pita sandwiches, and those have also been rather tasty. Frankly, my only annoyance is that they charge $0.50 for a refill. 
For downtown College Park, this is a nice little shop, offering something beyond your average chain eatery.
Alright, I am ONLY giving this place 3 stars for the atmosphere. I could live there within it's lovely walls if I I wasn't crammed in, elbow to elbow, like a sardine- if sardines had elbows.

Okay, I could live there only if I could sustain myself with contraband sandwiches, cookies, and tea from home because this place is overpriced with a capital $$. 

My tiny $4 Earl Grey was tasty, but sad. Sad because it cost $1 for 2 rinky dink serv pacs of honey! Sad because it became over-steeped without a decent way to separate the tea leaves from the teeny tiny pot. Sad because the $2.50 apricot cookie that accompanied it was small, dry and decidedly apricot-less. 
 
I really want to like this place, but the overwhelming sadness it's tea and cookie have produced has prevented this. Boo.
Use stale/store-bought pita and dry, stringy meat. Like eating shoe-leather wrapped in sandpaper. Vegetables relatively fresh but otherwise a waste of Shwarma.
Great food. Nice people. Awesome atmosphere.
To begin....I give it one star for it's cleanliness. That's best thing I could say about this place.. 
A little background on me...I tend to go out a lot and always eager to try different places and different food. As far as Felafel's go...I been to several places and carts...LOL..I have tasted some very good and some not so good. 

I was in the area..and decided to give this place a try since it looked very clean. The first thing that turned me off slightly was the price...but I guess in that area...its understandable. I like my Falafel with everything on it. What I got was a Pita with large chunks of tomatoes and other vegetables...the sauce was watered down and had no taste. All this can be forgiven if the Falafel was good. 

The Falafel was cold...and overly crisp which makes me think it was sitting there for awhile. I would think running a Falafel place, you would try to make the food to order...it's a Falafel after all and only takes a couple of minutes to make it fresh...what I had was not fresh at all. If you like Falafel or middle eastern food...this is not the place.
The best place to see a rock show in Boston is actually in Central Square, Cambridge.  Arguably the most famous rock spot in the area, The Middle East has two stages; the downstairs is larger than the upsatairs and hosts better-known acts.  Two bars downstairs and one bar upstaris serve a handful of decent draft beers in plastic cups along with High Life and PBR pounders in cans.  Prices for shows range from $8-$20, depending on the act, of course.  The upstairs has a pretty good restaurant serving tasty Middle Eastern food (surprise!); good place to grab a bite before seeing a show.  The upstairs can get crowded during a show as people have a few drinks before venturing into the noisy concert room.   Hipsters congregate at the restaurant bar on weeknights.  I've been going to The Middle East for over 15 years now and it's still a great place.
Since I live on a budget, I've only ordered food from the take out window. One day, I would like to sit down and traverse their whole menu. However, despite my limited knowledge of the menu, almost all of my experiences here have been positive. 

I think Cedars may prepare one of the best Fattoush salads that I have ever had in my life. I used to work in a Lebanese restaurant, and I have tried many Fattoush salads, but the guy who made mine must have it down to an art form. 

I also like the vegetarian rice and lentil pita wrap, along with the Foole M Damas (mashed Fava Beans) pita sandwich.

If you have a sweet tooth, they serve great halawah and baklavah.
If you want to smoke low-quality hookah, be forced to buy $.50 bottled water for $3.00, get charged a 20% gratuity for horrible service with a party of 4, and hang out at the dirtiest hookah bar I've ever been to, then check this place out! I've only been here once and had the worst experience I've ever had at any business [whether it be a hookah bar or not]. Only go to Habibi Cafe if you want to be ripped off and have a horrible time.
Most times that I am in Central Square, I end up at Moody's for two basic reasons. The food is pretty good taste and portion wise, and their prices are very reasonable!

Best place to eat in Central when you are skimping on money. I love their hummus and falafel sandwiches!
This review is solely for The Middle East Downstairs.

I came here one Sunday night to see Little People and Emancipator. Acoustics were decent and everyone was having a great time. Dancers with LED hula hoops in the back, hurrah!

Bouncers were kind and reasonable, asked to see my wristband once. Drinks were priced reasonably ($4 Coors, $6 Magners) for a venue of their size and popularity. No tabs, they'll just close out your bill after each drink. Bartenders were quick and courteous.

Big props to them providing free water for those that needed it. Not many venues are willing to do that and would rather charge you an arm and leg.

I have no compunctions about coming back and seeing another show here.
What type of food is this?!?!?! They claim that it is Middle Eastern, but I think it's part Mexican.   Our dishes came with sides of beans that seemed totally out of place.  We tried several items on their menu that included the following:

lamb stew: gamey and not for the unadventurous.  I am a fan of lamb, but this dish I could do without. 

vegetable platter: meh to say the least.  

spicy chicken: spicy??? not at all! tasted like chicken in tomato sauce.  

hummus: not enough flavor.

pita chips: either fried too long or in old oil.  

To keep this review short and simple, this place isn't gross nor is it good.  The food didn't look fresh either.  I say skip it... Mediterranean cafe blows pita pita out of the water.  Too bad Mediterranean Cafe closes so early.
What can i say, i was raised on this food. never had a disappointing meal there.

 Their tri tip sandwiches/ plated are a must have. the garlic spread is Delicious  and their portions are fairly large.
As good as when I went to college, best arab food in the midwest bar none, and I've eaten in chicago, no one compares to this place.  they have a special home made spice if you want heat things up a bit.  If there's any place you go to eat in West Lafayette, this is it.
Anyplace that stays open on most nights until 3AM and serves falafel is amazing in my book. Add in that it's cheap, fresh, and convenient, and it can't get much better than that!

I was "privileged" (if that's what you want to call it) to work in Central Square for a few months and discovered Moody's. It quickly became my favorite lunch stop. Any combination of salad or wraps ordered with chicken kebabs or falafel are awesome. Highly recommended. 

It's sometimes a little slow, probably due to lack of space and workers. If you're in a rush, call ahead.
I stood by their little "walk-up" window looking at the menu and the gentleman was quick to offer advice and eager to take my order. I loved the place before I had even tasted the food because he was so friendly! 

I had the chicken plate and it was super delicious. I'll definitely be returning!

Only knocked down a star because $10 did seem a little much.
It's there, and it's an option, and I'm glad it's there. Definitely not the most delicious middle eastern option in town, but at 2AM, I may think differently, and you gotta love having access to it!
There's not much to say about Ali Baba other than that it's decent Middle Eastern food in Oakland. The menu is fairly large, the hummus is good, and it's inexpensive. Good lunch place.
I have yet to find a really good Middle Eastern restaurant in this city and its making me wonder where are all the Arabs and why can't one of them open a real restaurant?!!! Falafel King, not to burst your bubble but your just not cutting it anymore.

I'm actually surprised anyone can find this place its so hidden. Overall not too shabby of a deli.

I'm not a big fan of cold warag aenab (grape leaves) but its worth a try for those who have never tried it. The hummus is average, the sandwiches are average. Overall everything they serve is not that great but its edible. I still prefer Cedar Market's sandwiches and sides and if it wasn't so far away i'd probably go there more often.
A little overpriced, but the ambiance Algiers cultivates is divine.  If I ever find myself in Cambridge again I'll make a bee-line for this cafe.
MMMMM Chicken Shawarma....Meat melts in your mouth -- so good. The staff is really nice and you get to listen to some sweet ass music while you eat. Love this place.
Really neat breakfast place. The menu is simple and straightforward, but they do breakfast really well. If you can spare a weekday, the restaurant is usually really empty but you'll get your food without having to wait.

The Eggs Benedict comes with different choices of addition, e.g. bacon. The egg dishes even come with a side of vegetables. The eggs are well-poached, runny in the middle, solid whites on the outside.

The home potatoes are crunchy and complement the eggs well.

The artwork comes from the local art gallery (Blue Heron?) on the other side of Mass. Ave. on Prospect St.

The location makes it tough to find, but once you find it it's a real treat!
Rumor has it that this Kabob place has disappeared and in its location has been replaced by a Chinese eatery. I ate pita sandwiches here during some art fair or other and it was ok, but I think that's obsolete info. Watch the Observer, source of all good "marketplace changes."

UPDATE: yes, the Observer confirms the change -- a new Chinese place called "Asian Legend."
I like this place, but let me tell you it's no Falafel King (Boston: Downtown Crossing).  The gyros was the frozen strip kind, thank God I caught them pulling it out, so I could change my order.  I ended up with yummy deliciousness.  Next time I'm going to skip the hot sauce (too sweet) and I think I'll obtain perfection.
Reasonably priced and good quality Middle Eastern food.  Best things on the menu are the kebab plates and it's great for vegetarians--they have wonderful hummus, baba ghanouj, and tabbouli.   The rice and beans served with the kebab plates are delicious.  Their lamb kebab is especially good.  

I've had Pita Pita make party platters for events and everybody loves them!  The owner is a really great guy and does right in the community.
I really liked this place.  The food menu looked interesting although I only had a arugula salad which was pretty good.  It could stand to use some "sweet" cherry tomatoes though.   The hostess was a older blonde lady who was super friendly.  Loved her personality and how she went out of the way to make Me and My companion feel comfortable.   Didn't even get annoyed when I had to have My dirty martini perfected 3 times.  The 3rd time was a charm.  *thanks bartender.*

I loved how the place is dimly lit and has a very comfortable feel to it.  I really really like this place and hope to cross its threshold again one evening this upcoming fall.
The best lunch in Pasadena.  The kebabs are freshly grilled and the chicken shawerma spins right to the top.  At $8 for the lunch plate, there's no worthy competition.  

And to make it all better, the service is redefining efficiency. 

I go every Friday.
Good, yummy food. Nice, unpretentious atmosphere.
I LOVE THE FALAFEL PALACE!!!  Although the falafels and baklava are wonderful all the time, my favorite time to visit is Friday or Saturday night between 2-3am.  Everyone is there waiting in line because the place is packed but it fosters the most fun conversations and atmosphere!  The guys behind the counter are wonderful!!  As a cornerstone to my weekend nights in Central Square this place gets 5 Stars without question!!
I love the taste of the hummus here.  The chciken plates are nice, good portions.  The pita chips are so tasty but i am sure that they are extremely fattening.  Get the wraps if you stop by for lunch.  Zankou's down the street is the only other good place in the area.
I think I've lost count of the number of times I have harrassed the lady owner for her hot sauce. I have even suggested she bottles that shit and sells it (I expect a cut of the profit). It's seriously a taste sensation!
I love Brookline Lunch: it's dirt cheap, delicious and 3 blocks away from my place. My 2 personal favorites are the feta and tomato omelette and the Benedict eggs, and if you don't like their breakfast potatoes (specially with that hot sauce), you can come throw stones at my car. 
If you are doing brunch, make sure you come in early or you'll stand in line for a while...in the sun...hangover...not kosher.
A gem, I crave this place at least once a month.  The lavish bread is to die for.  Menu has pictures so you can see what your ordering,  i have no clue about this cuisine so it help me expand my options.  But like I always have been told if the restaurant is serving people of its own ethnicity it is probably a good place to go to.   I am a huge fan!!!

If you are into high end restaurants and not little dives don't bother.  If you are like me and go to eat the food, and enjoy a slice of the culture, then go. 

Parking can be a pain, and seating is limited, probably less than 15 tables, but its worth it.   If you need a hint on what to try start off with  get the Lavish bread and the sampler for an appetizer and  Curry Iskender fr dinner/lunch.  You will not be disappointed.
Best shawerma I've had so far. 

Food: I got the chicken shawerma plate which was filled with an array of delicious items (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rz_EYBuygGYz-xCRZ7042g?select=x8BBkkBAqKhNnkazIyKL-Q). The chicken itself was moist, abundant, and perfectly spiced. Underneath the chicken was a bed of seasoned rice which was also crazy good. The plate comes with salad, humus, a pita, and two kinds of sauces. One of the sauces consists of what appears to be garlic lard. Despite it's hazardous appearance, it goes great on pretty much anything on the menu. The other sauce is a spicy red. 

Service: Walk in. Stand in extremely fast moving line. Order. Pay. Grab food. Exit. There is zero wait time after paying. How do they do it???

Atmosphere: There are quite a few seats, but it gets busy at lunchtime. Plus, if you eat inside you'll have to deal with the line that snakes through the restaurant. 

Synopsis: So glad this is close by.
I can't believe I am reviewing a chain but given the serious lack of food options in College Park, let alone in the Student Union at University of Maryland (i.e., McFattys, Taco Smell), I had to preach the Word!

Good lawdy, the lamb Barreh ($9.53 total) is ridiculous! The lamb is grilled on an open-flame so it has a nice smoky flavor. The smoke flavor is enhanced by the near-perfectly marinated, tender high-quality lamb. 

The gyro is above average---seasoned well but a little dry--- not at the same level as the barreh.

NOTE. Give the staff a *Wink* and they will hook you up with a few more gem pieces of lamb flesh---you will thank me later!
Oh man I've been eating here for the past week because my coworkers decided to all have their lunch evaluations happen here. STILL AS GOOD AS I REMEMBAR.

While the super falafel is still my favorite, I've gotten more accustomed to the large veggie plate with babaghanouj, hummus, dolmas, salads, etcetc. if you wanna just have a large spread of food.

Falafels as good as evarrrrr. EAT IT UP!
This place should be called the Awful Falafel. The falafel was truly terrible. The rest of the food was OK, and the service was friendly, but steer clear of the fried chickpeas.

Before going here, I read a yelp review that warned of the stale falafel and complained that the guy working here refused to cook him a fresh falafel. At the time, I rolled my eyes at this review, thinking what a snob he sounded like. Fried food is fried food, right? Wrong. That other reviewer is totally right. Don't know how falafel can be stale, but it is. They bring you your order so fast they must have the falafel just laying out all day.  Who knows when they actually cooked it. 

The Greek salad was good, and the rest was just OK. I don't see myself going back anytime soon.
Amazingly quick, delicious, healthy...I could eat here 4-5 times a week! You order and before you get your change, the food is packed and ready! If there is a line of 20, don't fret they should have you all settled in less than 2 minutes. It's some secret telepathic thing, I don't know.
Normally I'm a late night at Algiers kinda girl, but today I had made plans to meet a friend for lunch, and instead of meeting her Brookline (which is what I normally do), I thought "why not meet in Harvard Square"?? And at my favorite spot, to boot!? And that we did. It was perfect, rainy, dreary weather for Algiers cozy-ish, Moroccan style atmosphere. Unfortunately, they did not have any chicken today, but they DID have chocolate cake. So, no worries. My friend really enjoyed her meal, as did I. Their couscous always hits the spot. 

AND our waitress was FANTASTIC!!! Very attentive (a rarity) and sweet, but not too sweet. Great service.
This is the best Persian restaurant in Pasadena and one of the best in Southern California. Prices are reasonable and the food is cooked to perfection. Definitely worth a drive.
I was slammed by this place. It was recommended by a friend and when I finally got by there I was very impressed. One of those meals where after about the third bite, you're saying to yourself, "Okay, this is really tasty." By the 7 or 8 bite - "Damn! Is it too early to order dinner, too?"
As a DC native, I am accustomed to finding great Mediterranean hole-in-the-walls.  One of the big things I've missed coming out to little suburban Claremont for school is fast, cheap, and delicious ethnic food.  I'm amazed I didn't notice Saca's sooner.  I was wandering around the village looking for coffee before a late night and passed by Saca's and decided to buy myself dinner.  My falafel sandwich was very tasty. The falafel was crispy, but not hard, the tahini sauce was flavorful, and the veggies tasted fresh.  I also ordered tabouleh which was fresh and not too soggy.  All in all, a very satisfying and cheap place for students to go in Claremont (there are not a lot of places that are this friendly to a student budget!). It's too bad it's not open later--I bet they'd get a lot of late night studiers otherwise.

4.5 stars for Claremont area (food around here doesn't get much better!) and 3.5 stars on a general scale.
A good place for a casual breakfast between Central Square and MIT. The veggie omelette comes with a generous heap of roasted vegetables, and the coffee is pretty good (for a diner); you can enjoy both for a little over $8 plus tip. Cash only, so come prepared.
Almost an oasis between the two Middle East clubs this is a surprisingly low key, fun eatery. Local artists adorn the walls (usually very good, for a change) a small bar where you never have trouble being waited on and good food.

You can get typical Middle Eastern fare with Falafal, lamb kebobs, etcs, but, believe it or not-- they have a really good burger and fries.

Seeing a paticularly long show at the Middle East? Skip one of the crappy bands and go upstairs for a decently priced meal.
Wow! wow wow - this food is amazing! Perfect balance of oils, flavors, protein.  Amazing hummous, fantastic shawarma! This is the kind of food that is made with love, I can't wait to go back, I'm try to save room for dessert next time, probably the halva! I love the Egyptian (?) tv sounds in the background.
People find it unimaginable that I'm a vegetarian who doesn't like falafel. Every once in awhile I give it another try just to placate their insistence that maybe I've never had good falafel.

I still don't like falafel. If I did, though, I'd probably like Samir's version.

I can say that I liked the garlic fries a lot. I was expecting just some chunks of garlic on fries, but instead it was a delicious sauce.

The hot spicy tea was tasty.

The prices are very reasonable - $4 for a sandwich.

As everyone else has commented, Samir is terribly nice. The place is wallpapered with photos of him and customers/friends/family.
Had lunch here with some workmates.  As noted by others, the place is fairly quiet, though it picks up a little during prime lunch hours.  

Hummous was super-fresh, as in just made that second.  Good ratio of chickpeas to tahini, though it could have used a touch more garlic and lemon juice.  Needed a little zip, in my opinion.

I had falafel, others chicken shawarmas.  Solid, substantial, and cheap.  Nothing to write home about, but it's a good place for a fast lunch.
First time going here, and I won't be going back. I got a beef/lamb pita sandwich, and it was pretty bad. At least I had baklava to hopefully save the meal, but alas, it was bad too. I'll stick with Daphne's Cafe.
I've been here twice in 2 years. The first time the food was not bad, it wasn't good, it was boring. The second time was 2 nights ago and I was charged $10 for something that was about $5 on the printed menu. I was in a hurry and hungry and didn't catch it but once I did, I was not happy. The food itself was worth $5, not the $10 I was charged. I don't like businesses that have one printed price but then charge more hoping people won't call them on it. I didn't call them on it that night but I am now.
I only had drinks upstairs here so I can't comment on what goes on below nor can I comment about any of the food.

 I did find however, that the atmosphere was interesting and the drinks were priced OK and full of a decent amount of alcohol. My only real complaint was the disgusting state of the bathroom. Like I understand a lot of people go here but I have been to a lot of busy places and never was the bathroom so gross. If I didn't have to go so badly after all the drinks I might have held it. 

It was an interesting experience also listening to three different kinds of music at once, upstairs, downstairs, and the live band that was setting up upstairs. Made it a bit hard to talk, probably wouldn't recommend going here to chat.
Quite solid, and what little I tried I'd probably put in the 3-4 star range but I had some trouble with my debit card when I went to pay and the lady there was very understanding and nice and it worked out great - 4 stars it is.  

The falafel is really good and flavorful, however, I would avoid the red sauce they put on there if you don't tell them you don't want it - it tasted too ketchup-y to me.  Also, I would maybe not get the pickles on it next time but hey!  The whole reason you go the first time is so you know what to order better the second time.
very great food.
I highly recommend the tri tip and chicken skewers plate. I love to mix everything they give me especially the garlic. . . but the chicken can be dry, but the tri tip is always just right. The only thin is the wait is 15mins but i now its fresh. I tried ordering a head of time but its a waste of minutes on my phone its never ready when I get there. My first time here I tried the fried chicken didn't like it and my boyfriend got the meat ball and he hated it so skewers are the best way to go.
There were two separate rooms: the strictly hookah and the hookah & meal place. Each had their own blaring speaker that directly interfered with the other creating an irritating noise. It's totally dark and everyone is cast in strange red lighting. The waiters were attentive and the hookah was moderately priced. I just can't get over the fact that you must spend $10 per person. As a party of six we bought 2 hookah's ($40) but were required to spend an additional $20 on ridiculously overpriced beverages we did not want in order to meet their demand. The chai I had was literally spiced sugar water. Cash only. Later, eating Diddy Riese from across the street salvaged my evening. Apparently the sketch character is part of the experience when one goes for hookah?
Okay, they got a lot better. Even though I thought it was bad before, I continued to go because its right next to my building. I'm glad to say they do not suck anymore.
You're better off sticking with pizza or buffalo wings at Ed's as the name implies!  The salad is no good and the gyros are not exactly the tastiest cuisine but at least the cheesesteaks are good here and my favorite is the cheesesteak hoagie with American cheese and sweet peppers. (They use finely shredded steak though as opposed to slices or whatever....I'm a huge fan of the slices)

My favorite pizza is the western pizza!  It has shredded chicken, bacon, mozarella cheese, bbq sauce and ranch sauce!  Yum!  The pepperoni cheese fries with wiz are also pretty spectacular.  For dessert - definitely go with the Oreo Cookie Cake or the Chocolate Cake!

You can order online from campusfood.com or eatnow.com but one thing that always irks me is there is a $10 minimum to use a credit card at Ed's (Not a problem if you're using the websites but ordering in the store is a pain in the ass if you only want one cheap little thing.  You usually end up walking away with WAY more than you wanted)!
Good Mediterranean food.
Like others, I was thrilled to see a new Middle Eastern restaurant pop up near Harvard Square. I've been here three times now, and never been disappointed. The falafel with hummus sandwich is delicious -- and a steal at around $5. And even though they only offer counter service, you feel  well taken care of.
I enjoy pretty much everything about the Middle East.  Upstairs, Downstairs, Restaurant.  They're all good!  I have lots of good memories of shows at the Middle East over the last ten (!) years, and it remains one of my preferred Boston-area venues for live music.  But the restaurant is great too!  Delicious vegetarian fare, all at an affordable price.  Plus they have a wonderful iced tea!  Thumbs are way up.
Best place to eat after 12. YUM. It feels way healthier than In-n-Out and Fat Sal's, which are both located within a couple dozen footsteps of the store. Haven't tried much of the menu, but so far, I'm really impressed. The line's not long when I've visited, and the falafel/wowshi is customizable with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and a variety of sauces.

Definitely recommended if you have some late night cravings!
The food is decent enough but I just don't get how they can serve Indian food and Lebanese food in one restaurant. They are two very different cuisines - both amazing  but not the same. I usually order Lebanese food when I go there because that's what I love to eat. The mezzes (appetizers) are okay and the shish taouk is decent. Nothing is great though. I have yet to find authentic Lebanese food in this city.
I tried to really like it, but I just didn't. My main thought about it was "mehhh". I had the chicken gyro, which wasn't exactly what I was hoping for. Maybe it was my fault, but I was hoping for a chicken gyro slightly similar to that of TIno's. The pita bread was bland, and was very similar the Pita bread I buy from Phoenicia, which I don't mind, but I usually expect a more thick bread. Also, I thought that it would come with tzatziki sauce, but I didn't even notice a sauce of any source on my gryo. 

It really wasn't that bad; but I'm not going to make an effort to eat there again unless a friend wants to.
I want to give halfs!  So think 3.5

A tasty brunch place (haven't had lunch or anything here) with a funky family feel.  It is small and usually crowded and quite slow.  Go there and be patient and all will work out well.  You can even feel less guilty about the bacon and hollandaise because of the extra greens they add to the potatoes.
I can only speak for the gyro here, since it's the only thing I've ever ordered there. 

I've now been there 5 times.  Get the meal with the soup and a drink and you have delicious comfort food.
Zankou Chicken is good but not great. I know many people rave and rant about their chicken and the garlic dipping sauce but I don't really find it to be that special.

First off, I've been to this Zankou Chicken in Pasadena twice. The first time the chicken was very dry. This second time the chicken was pretty moist but it's no different than the roasted chicken you can get at Costco. I heard that the quality of chicken at the original Burbank location is much better but I've never been.

Their hummus is actually really good. It's lemony and creamy. I wish they had more sides option though. It's pretty much just hummus, flatbread, and a red cabbage salad.

The service wasn't great both times. The women working the counters aren't very friendly. Overall, I'm not a fan. Maybe I'll try the Burbank location one day.
I eat a falafel here like once a week.  I'm a believer in the myth of the greatest falafel on the planet...but, till then I'm OK enjoying a falafel at moody's.  For a dollar extra they'll mix in baba ganoush.  Yum.
The Middle East as a concert venue is totally 3 stars to me, but I have a few good things to say:

* Cheap Ticket prices (Suck it, Orpheum!)
* Even cheaper ticket prices if you walk to the box office which is open 1-7pm all week (Take THAT, Ticketmaster!)
* Small venue for great views (Boo on you, TD Banknorth Garden)
* Intimate space gives that up-close-and-personal feel. You can bump into guys from the bands watching the other acts or doing their own merch. Rawk on! (Jealous, Bank of America Pavilion?)
* Free water at the bar to rehydrate after you sing all night along with your favorite indie band (Read it and weep, Tweeter Center.)

Still,
* The sound levels are overwhelming for such small spaces, both upstairs and downstairs. Bring earplugs.
I am literally the only person there every time I go (FOREVER ALONE) so there's never any wait. Their beef shawarma is pretty good but Saca's is still stylin on 'em in the falafel arena. Go easy on the sauce because it can get soggy. Still better than Yiannis. Yiannis is the wackness
So again why is this place closed on Sundays? Some Mediterranean holiday?

Wanted to try this little joint located on the ever so secret shoppers lane. First attempt - Sunday. Closed - Epic Fail. Had to settle for Wahoos, next door and listen to my mom raving about how she loves Wahoos and these are the best tacos (their not). 

Second attempt, friday during lunch. Met up with some Yelp Elite Elogence members  - James S, Laura S and JR C. First thing noticed, extremely popular during lunch, lines forms and tables get rapidly filled. Luckily we are like vultures and can instantly spot and grab and open table like a BOSS. 

Looking at all the reviews, its seemed Chicken Shwarma was the thing to get, was it because of Avengers, not sure. But I can see why people would get it. Two pieces of Nan bread with a side of hummus, salad and Chicken Shwarma over rice. You also get two containers, one of hot sauce and the garlic spread, so you can make little Mediterranean tacos, which I did. I did enjoy eating my Mediterranean meal, but I wont say I was wowed, maybe high expectations and such, but it was quite good and would like to try something else on the menu. One thing, I dont know if I was really hungry that day, but I Kind of felt there just wasn't enough meat on my plate.
Middle east is a great place because it is inexpensive and the food is good. I love their hummus, the ambiance, lots of different people and they have concerts of great music downstairs. Great place and you do not have to spend lots of money.
So I guess I'm not the only one that thinks this place blows.

I don't know about the food so this is strictly a review on hookah and service:

Lets's start with service:

The service was pretty good, they changed our coals when need and made their rounds regularly. 

Now for the hookah:

I've been to a lot of hookah lounges all over Los Angeles. The small ones that are little parts of strip malls to really big places much like Habibi's. I have heard people talk about habibi's and how great it is and oh so close to UCLA and I always assumed it must have really good hookah. Sadly, I was INSANELY DISAPPOINTED ! I cannot stress just how terrible their hookahs were. They lacked flavor, they sure as hell weren't smooth, I could taste the tobacco rather than the flavor and what little bit of flavor I thought I tasted....was gross. We even asked them over and over again that it was harsh....but I knew It had nothing to do with the coals....it was just terrible hookah. blech, thinking about makes me cringe. 

All in all, if you want to stop in Habibi's to strictly socialize and have a good time....go for it! But it you plan on spending money on hookah....think twice.
Ive only ever ordered delivery from them, but their Chicken Kabobs are faboosh! My girlfriend and I love the falafel and my favs: spinach pies. 

Best part is every time we order it always ends up being less than $30 for so much food which means I usually have leftovers for lunch the next day :)

3 words: Nom Nom Nom.
I love hummus.  I love falafel.  But you know what I love more?  Jerusalem Garden's veggie grape leaf sandwich!  These are literally the best grapeleaves I have ever had.  They're unique because they make them with tomatoes - different from any others you'll ever have, but trust me, AMAZING.  And since the veggie grape leaf sandwich comes with hummus - ugh, I've died and gone to heaven.  There is absolutely no question that when I graduate and leave Ann Arbor, THIS will be the dish I miss.

p.s. If you are a yogurt lover, get their yogurt and cucumber appetizer.  Delish.
If you're looking for Lebanese this place is excellent.  I usually get the meat combo dinner platter which is always cooked very well and has an excellent flavor.  The baba ganouj is very good as well.  It is a straight forward restaurant so if you're looking for dazzling presentation this isn't the place but if you want very well done Lebanese food.  This is the place. Been several times and look forward to returning.
I'm sorry, I just don't get this place. Parking is a nightmare, the food is disgusting, and the inside looks like a crack den. On top of everything, the people who work here are extremely rude. If you don't know what something on the menu is, they will give you an attitude (sorry if I don't know what chicken shwakljrealk is, that's why I'm asking).  

If you want good food, go to Med Cafe on Lake. The guys who work there are friendly and the food is quick and delicious.
I order the shawerma wrap without lettuce and tomato, then add feta and eggplant. Granted, it's a $10 wrap but oh-so-good! Plus, the wrap is huge so it's two meals in one.

I tried their spicy fries for the first time today. Wow, what a lot of flavor! Paprika and smoked chili pepper plus parsley coat crispy fries. The kicker: a lovely gently cooked clove of garlic nestled in between sticks of fried potato goodness. Love it!

I never get out of the place spending less than $10. I dunno, am I being cheap? Zankou down the street has wraps for $4. Shrug.
The worst chicken shawarma I've ever had.  It tasted like one I might make at home from store-bought ingredients.  Some cold, stiff lavash.  Some cold chopped chicken, barely spiced.  Some iceberg lettuce and tomatoes.  I asked for hummus and hot sauce inside, which were the only good things about it.  

I wanted a grilled wrap with piping hot grilled chicken, at a minimum.

They had fresh-squeezed lemonade, and it tasted like it had cleaning agent in it.
They have bomb falafel and it's really cheap. Made fresh and fast right in front of you, and comes on a thick, tasty, chewy pita with some veggies (I think tomato and lettuce) and delightful tsatsiki. Love this place!
I love the falafel here. It's fresh and delicious. The sides and salads are super tasty, too. I cannot get enough of those crispy potatoes! The turmeric batter is amazing! I highly recommend Falafel King. It's delicious and a good value.
Going with a pact with a friend to stay within the vicinity of veggies for evening meals has been torture for this yelper.  Sure it was only the second day of said pact, but for someone who so loves all kinds of animal flesh, it's been hell I tells ya.

When I got here, I really resisted the lamb despite me loving lamb.  So, instead, I opted for their spicy eggplant in tomato chili sauce.  I have to say that the eggplant was cooked nicely and was indeed very tasty.

Sent it all down the gullet with Honest Ade (orange mango with mangosteen).

Not bad.
This is my go-to middle eastern take-away in Harvard Sq, our neighbourhood.  I've been going for 7 years, and the services is unfailingly good, as has been the food.
Kismet is pretty satisfying if you just really crave a decent gyro, and cheap on those, too. 

As other have said, the people are really nice. They're from Jordan and if you come in by yourself and it's quiet, they'll chat with you. 

The reason for the 3 stars and not 4 or 5 is that I'm a big fan of lamb, and I've had it twice here. The flavors are good, but it was just dry and chewy. I've had great Mediterranean style meat before at the Greek festival in Houston, and oh baby, when it's cooked right, it's flavorful, tender, and has that melt-in your mouth goodness. This was disappointing for the price. Good tabbouleh and knock out hummus though!

I visit this place a few times a month, as long as I stick to gyros I'm not disappointed.
Man. Their falafel. Dude. It's so good. I love how the cook wraps it, too. He wraps it in a way that makes it so easy to eat, not messy at all. Their falafel is fresh and hand-prepared in the kitchen you can tell. It just tastes so good.

I love their chicken shawerma. I love their hummus. I love saca's. They're family owned and the same Mr. and Mrs. have been running this place hella days. They keep the same employees, too. I love the cook.

Their prices are pretty steep though, so that's why I gave it 4 stars. If you go here you really won't be let down, but your pocket might hurt a little.
That's certainly a great place to eat, especially for those who are from Middle and Central Asia, like me. Also I want to mention a wonderful atmosphere inside Kismet, arab pictures, national instruments, Amr Diab's songs playing and Koran hanging on the wall. 
The best food from menu is Shawarma Arabi. It's big and tasty, but it takes 20 minuts to cook. 
Finally, not only food and decoration makes this place arabic, but also cleanliness inside and outside, and staff's hospitality, which is inherent for Islamic countries.
Love this cheap eatery!! Great tasting, inexpensive and HEALTHY food served fast by super-friendly Lebanese family. They treat you like an invited guest in their home kitchen. Nice to have a lunch option with friendly ambiance that doesn't leave you in a fat/salt/empty carb induced coma.
I was close to giving Brookline Lunch five stars, (decided against it because of the chaotic service), but in general I'd highly recommend it. The food is really good and cheap, and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed too. I've been to a few Cambridge brunch places now, and it was by far the cheapest option around, and I feel one gets really good value in everything. The portions are good, and I really liked the veggie omelette and the pancakes - they serve a spiced up version of strawberry jam too, and that's really good, so definitely try it. I've had to wait both times I went there, but it was on a Saturday so I guess that's to be expected... although last time we had to stand outside in the pouring rain as there wasn't enough space inside to wait - so be prepared :).
Good falafel sandwich in Claremont.

I love the way the sandwich is snugly wrapped in the paper sheet.
The falafels are made to order. They are no greasy and taste great.
I love the pickled turnip placed on top of the sandwich. It gives a beautiful color accent to it.

The place is not so crowded before noon. After the waiting time increases. They do catering and pick-up for groups.

It is rather inexpensive. A better option than subway for $5.
don't come here for the ambience or service, because it's all about the chicken!  the chicken is tasty, and the prices are cheap.  the falafel ain't bad either!

(zankou is also proving useful to us for our wedding, as we will be feeding it to our wedding party before the wedding.  since they are fast, take orders a day in advance, can be picked up easily, and are in close proximity to old town pasadena, it's really a no brainer!)
I love eating here at the MIddle East. Yummy Mid-Eastern fare (like pumpkin kibby - sigh) and plenty of beer to wash it down with. Bizarre art hangs from the walls, loud rock music blasts, a hip but sometimes harried waitstaff holds down the fort, and there usually isn't a wait to be seated or for your food. Try the grape leaves, the kibby, and the beer.
A pint of hummus (hommos hehe) 2 little bags of pita chips and pita (one bag is $1..so I asked for one and one bag comes with buying the hummus)= $5ish

not too bad. yummy hummus. i took it home and sprinkles some cayenne on it to give it heat (MADE IT SO MUCH YUMMIER!!)

they have REALLY yummy pita bread!  I'm pretty sure they make it there

the guy behind the counter was kinda like..emril lagasse haha

ill go back next time to try a wrap or plate or something.  it all looks so good! :)
One of the best Gyros on the Ave for sure.

Reasons why I like this place:
1. Service is pretty good.
2. Delicious food.
3. Your total always comes out to an even dollar.
4. Open as late as possible.
5. Close to school.

I highly suggest Aladdin's if you're hungry at 2 am.
mmm... black bean wowshi with feta and kalamata olives. (not on the menu that way; I pay for the extras. sigh.)

Definitely one of Westwood's good finds. Not much I can add to everyone else's yummy pita imagery. But I can say that this is one of the better places that is open when the bars close. (Other options are a bit drippy with grease. So those are great when you're drunk. Not so much the next day). I haven't actually eaten here post-booze, but I imagine a pretty good handful of students frequent BP after O'hara's shuts down.

My one gripe: they have a "salad" on the menu for some obscene price. Their "salad" consists of whatever you can pick out from under the sneeze guard. In other words, you're paying ten times too much for extra veggie toppings. No thank ya. (I just stuff my wowshi extra full of veggies and viola! free salad!)
This place has it backwards!  I love any place that offers 'restaurant quality at a fast food price', but this place is backwards... What they offer is 'Fast Food Quality at a Restaurant Price".  The food is fine, but  a Shwarma (sp?) plate is $8.95, and a sandwich is $7.50.  No, that's not a terrible price, but in a college town, with a limited menu, I feel that this place is overpriced by about $1- $1.50.  Not a big deal, but if you're looking for quality value, go down the street to Chipotle.  Also, the sandwiches are SO messy that it takes away from the enjoyment of eating.  Not the kind of fun messy that gets you into the spirit of the cuisine, but just the unnessary kind of messy.  It's a "hair up" sort of sandwhich.

I must give credit for their potatoes though.  They come with your order and they're like giant, flakey, fresh, potatoe chip type things.  they're great!
I think a great way to shuffle off this mortal coil would be to eat falafel until permanent braindeath and/or digestive system shutdown. So needless to say, I was very pleasantly surprised when stumbled onto the great falafel they offer here. It was quite simply top notch.

The baba ghanoush was also awesome, but it was unusually tart (from the lemon juice). Personally, I found this to my liking, but your mileage may vary. Absolutely wonderful on a quiet Sunday.
My favorite go-to at 1:30am after a show at the Middle East or TT The Bears.  Since it seems nothing in Boston and Cambridge is open after 2am for food this is the go to place!  They are open till 3am on the weekends (Thurs - Sat nights). SWEET!

Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. I only get the falafel though because it's consisnt, quick, and easy to walk and eat with.  Is it the best falafel in the city? No there are certainly much better places. But is it amazing at 2am? YES.  Also they will cut the roll-up in half so it's easy to split with a friend.

There used to be a young guy that worked there for many years that I thought was super cute but he isn't there anymore. I used to like ordering from him between 2005-2008.

The place can get crazy crowded at 2am when the bars let out, so be prepared for a line and wait.  Otherwise it's pretty quick.  Usually you can find a place to eat though since people are in and out of there pretty fast.

Last Fall they were doing rennovations to the place so it was closed for awhile and I got so sad thinking they were closed forever, but glad to know they reopened!!

Also if you don't know of the secret parking space late at night, well then you are missing out! =)
I have a great fondness for Habibi. 

First of all, its across the street from Diddy Reese.
They have hookah there with a variety of flavors.
The food is halal and decent.
The staff is really nice, especially this one guy that has been working there for forever. He always gives me great advice on what to order and he works on Christmas - he should get a bonus.

During the day, its a cool chill place to just hang out with friends.
At night, it gets packed.
I give out 5's sparingly, and I want you to read this knowing that this really is like a 4 and a 5 for me, but I bumped it up because it deserves recognition over Maoz.

The first time I had Fa-La-La was from a guy handing out samples of the herbed chicken in pita. That got me somewhat hooked, because the chicken was flavorful and the pita bread was so pillowy. It was unlike any pita bread I have had before.

I came to the actual store two times, one thanks to a 40% coupon and one thanks to MunchonMe.

They have "special" pitas each day. They rotate flavors. When I came in the first time, it was rosemary; the second time was oregano. No extra cost for the special pita of the day. You can also ask to have a whole wheat pita.

I ordered the #chicken in rosemary pita# ($6.94, around $4.50 after coupon). They put a lot of meat in there. It is also organic chicken and very flavorful thanks to the lemon, garlic, and herbs. Tender and juicy. It's so nicely tucked in the thick pillowy pita. Honestly, I love their pita because it doesn't rip apart at the bottom like most classic pitas. I put the pickled purple cabbage, pickled carrots, tzatziki sauce, and fried eggplant in it. Sooo good.

Second time, I ordered the #falafel pita# ($5.95, but I had $5 for $10 so I got falafel AND a 6-pack bag of yummy pita to go!!!). Great falafel. Crispy hard and dark on the outside, but creamy steaming hot and bright green on the inside. So great. Again, stuffed with the aforementioned salad bar condiments. Soo good. And you can just keep getting more.

One pita sandwich is VERY filling. The pita itself is 270 calories, and all that luscious carbs will be felt in your stomach later. But they are so worth it. Every last bite (well, maybe the last bite of just pita bread necessitates some salad bar toppings to prevent carbolicious semi-dryness).

What I love about Fa-La-La is the attentiveness of the owner. He comes to the front and takes care of the customer. There are also salty pita fries and cinnamon sugar pita fries at the cashier counter as you wait! Think churros but better. Just gotta watch out for the oil. The salty one could do with less salt.

Furthermore, the inside - although somewhat small and a little hard to find in its tucked away upstairs corner - is quaint, with nice tables, chairs, a bar-counter, and bamboo and mini palm trees as decoration. They have the awesomest metal holders for your pita when you have already taken a bite and need your hands for something. The holders allow your pita stand upright so the innards don't spill out from being placed flat on a tabletop. And, they have composting!

This place is really great. The workers are nice, chatty and fun, and keep the place very clean. The food is tasty and affordable (think, it's ORGANIC chicken, ORGANIC GRASS-FED beef!). Although maybe $1 more than Maoz, I would argue it's superior.

Comparing falafel across Berkeley, I must admit that I like Fa-La-La's better than Sunrise Deli's because SD's is too oily. It seeped through two napkins I purposely wrapped it in to soak the oil, and  it was still was oily.
Amir's is the place to grab a quick and tasty falafel pita/plate.  Like someone else pointed out, the decor is no frills and that goes for the food too.  Simple, but good!  Prices are reasonable too.  Just about everything on the menu (except the platters) is in the $4-9 range.  I consider this a great value, especially compared to nearby take-out options.
This place is 'da bomb for these very simple reasons: it's incredibly delicious, hot meals that are served faster than lightening, and super terrific owner and son to greet you and share his wisdom for the day. The only downside, if there is one, is seating is limited and line ups for ordering lingers surrounding eaters at their tables. No biggie, just adds to the manic excitement in my opinion, because nothing can dissuade me from coming back time and time again!!
Get there early because there will be a line on the weekend. A line that can expect great music, cheap drinks and a dance floor full of people having a good time. 

It can be crowded in there, but I always found the people here to be very chill, not like Faneuil Hall where one bumped elbow could unleash a steroid-induced fury. So if you really want to cut loose and rest assured that you won't hear the same old thing, there's no place better in Boston.
Got the shish kebab plate, which comes with rice and a salad.  The beef was very nicely seasoned, and perfectly medium/mid-well.  Awesome.  The salad was fresh and tasty.  A couple dollars pricier than I'd hoped, but oh well.  They do take credit cards.
After catching a movie at the Varsity about dervishes wandering through the desert I was in the mood for some Arabic food.  My buddy recommended Aladdin and it didn't disappoint.  The Gyro was great, the fries were awesome, the soup was a tad cold but had great potential, and the baklava was a perfect way to polish it all off.  What is it about Hole-in-the-Wall status that makes the food stashed within so good?  I dunno but this place certainly benefits from that quality.
Zankou chicken you make my taste buds explode with your  delicious pita bread and hummus.
I was pretty reluctant to give this place a try, but my friend who works at UT coaxed me in.  
WHat I found was a nice haven for vegetarians and health-nuts like myself.  Two huge skewers of grilled tofu and vegetables in a delicious chimichurri sauce with a side of potatoes was (really filling).  I can't comment on the meat dishes, but the tofu was char-grilled and perfect.  
The staff seemed nice and eager to please and checked on us twice while we ate (its counter ordering and they bring your food to you). 
Since I am around campus quite a bit, its a nice alternative to madam mam's thai food that I would probably eat at 3 times a week.
Oh I love Bella Pita, if only I lived closer this would be one of my regular eateries. Reasons why I'm in love with this place: the fact that it's a place where I can quickly satisfy my Mediterranean craving for an affordable price, and in addition I like how there is a topping bar - that way I can control what sauces and toppings I want in my pita sandwich. I usually get the falafel pita. The falafels are perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, the mixture of chickpeas and whatever else ingredients they use to make their falafels is just so heavenly.

The only thing I can complain about is that the place is a tad bit small, which makes it difficult to wait for your order, move around, and get to the topping bar because it often gets really busy and jammed packed. They have a small counter where you can eat on, but I normally enjoy my Pita outside or at the In-N-Out next door because the stools are normally occupied. Other than that, I LOVE IT!
Awesome food. You can't go wrong with anything you order here. They have the most interesting French fries that have a lemon flavor, with strong but tasteful seasoning. I would definitely suggest this place to everyone!
HUGE, HUGE, HUGE gyros. Like, Andre the Giant versus Wesley (you know, the rock fighting scene, "were you scarred by poison?" "no, I just think that theyre terribly comfortable..."). And YOU are Wesley. These are cheap, like, 5 or 6 bucks for the lamb and beef. I wasnt able to finish mine, but that just meant i got to stick in my fridge, and enjoy melon that smelled like gyro and leftover gyro content omlette the next morning. 

The only downside is that the last time I went in there, one of the guys behind the counter checked me out. Thrice.  Eh.
This is the letter that I sent to Scoutmob after eating there and finding it a VERY, VERY, VERY disappointing experience.

Hello:

I went to the Middle East last night to use this coupon and unfortunately, was sorely disappointed from start to finish.  I haven't been in about 6 years or so, but it is definitely not a place that I will return to.

Before I state my case I must say that our waiter was accommodating, friendly, helpful.  No complaints concerning our service, or him.  My friend ordered a lemonade and we had to send it back because it was tasteless and flat.  Obviously something from a mix and it seemed that it was sitting around for awhile.  It was replaced with another bad tasting beverage - a strong tasting/lack of fizz/flat diet coke which was sent back for a plain glass of water.  We ordered Kimmee (spelling?) and I ordered chicken Kebab.  To start with his;  his dish was cold, no heat detected.  My chicken was dry and the beans were again cold/no sign of heat.  It was if no one cared if the food came from the kitchen with any sense of pride.  My friend said his dish tasted like it was at least a day old.  My chicken tasted as if it was cooked hours before.  The salad was ok, but I was initially asked whether I wanted feta cheese on my salad.  Not until I asked if there was a charge was it mentioned that there was.  The amount that I received certainly didn't resemble $1 worth of cheese.  We finally complained when the waiter asked about our meal - in a friendly manner.  He apologized and we stressed that we knew that it wasn't him.  He told the person in charge and they offered a 20% discount which we accepted.  Any other place with a staff that cared would not put it on the shoulders of the waiter, but come over to the table to express their apologies.  Many times they have taken the price of the meal off.  Not here.  That wasn't what we were looking for, but it would have been nice.  Fortunately, we were able to use the discount coupon and our total was about $5 each.  We remembered to tip the waiter appropriately.  We will not be back, and will tell many of our friends of our experience.  I would rate it a 0.

H. F. Ray
This place is very good, well at least on the night i was there. Good people, BEER and music. Especially when Ur boy is spinning all the records. Ya know I'm looking for something bad to say but uhh.... i can't. This place was the shit. I highly recommend it to just about anyone. Cant say much about the service cuz it was to crowded. So if ur looking for a place to get ur dance on, ZUZU is the place for you.
I could eat here once a day! I recently discovered falafel and I am obsessed!! 

East side has become a staple for me. The staff is so friendly, the food is delicious and it is so affordable you really can't go wrong. 

Don't let the line worry you, it moves really fast. 

The only reason they aren't getting five stars is because I can never get a table so meeting friends there can be difficult. 

Try the pita chips, you won't regret it!!
Can't decide where to eat a quick lunch?  Go ahead, decide on J Garden.  Call it in first and pick it up.  They have a fabulous vegetarian grape leaf sandwich.  The chicken schwarma can be dry, but still good.  Make sure to snag a baklava on your way out.  For a good cheap eat, a falafel plate comes with some veggies, hommous, and three falafels.  The falafels are definitely deep fried goodness.

Their patio seating is awesome and among the bushes you can catch a glimpse of a wire sculpture of a local artist.
In the food wasteland that is Westwood Village (I pity the UCLA-ers and those that didn't go to school in the bounty of cuisine that was Berkeley) Bella Pita stands out amongst the rest.  There are few places I could feasibly eat at everday day and not go broke or get tired of the food - Bella Pita is up there.  

Surprisingly, a decent amount of my UCLA friends are unaware of this hidden gem tucked between a nail salon and an amateur improve club.  I always go for the Black Bean Wowshi (dump the entire contents of the salad bar in to it) or the Burger Wowshi (fill these up with just cucumbers, lemon juice, and some of that green herb sauce), and always with kalamata olives on the side!  The fried cauliflower is pretty good too but it might be an acquired taste.
Toms Tabooley stands alone in all of its delicious falafel glory. Having gone here since a wee little college student and employee of Buffalo Exchange, I think I have had 50+ meals here over the years, and I can't say enough good things about this eatery.
 
Fresh, healthy falafel, gyros, salads, coffee-- if you're in the mood for a homemade Mediterranean lunch, this is the spot for you. The owners of Tom's truly believe in what they are doing, and cooking. I have never had bad service here, and always feel like I am making a friend with whoever is working behind the counter at the time. Years ago, their son worked there, and would give discounts to regulars who went in a lot. Noah! I remember you! Thank you!

This is definitely a place for locals, they even foster the local music and culture scene with nightly music and comedy shows on their stage next door. I believe they now rent the side that the vintage store used to be on and have expanded! Now with more seating than ever, you have two rooms to choose from, and comfy couches, chairs and benches for anyone and everyone. It is never busy, and you get a decent amount of quiet and space to yourself in a side of town that seems like it's creeping in on everybody. And they play really great music, to boot!

Here's to another many years in Austin, Tom's. You're my favorite.
This is not the most authentic North African food out there, but it does a decent job. The hummus, baba ganoush and mint tea are all pretty good, if not a little devoid of individualism and creativity. The orange mint hot chocolate is delicious, though, and worth the $4. The couscous stews are pretty savory and perfect for a cold day. I often get the murguez (lamb sausage) wrap, which is wonderfully flavorful and delicious. I docked a star because they used to serve salad with their wraps but have now taken that away while offering nothing else as a substitute and still charging the same price. Not cool.

Where Algiers excels is in atmosphere. The furniture, decor and colors are very reminiscent of a Moroccan cafe and definitely contribute to the laid-back ambiance that permeates throughout. On a warm day, they leave the front door open and the airy breeziness makes you want to linger over your meal for hours. The staff are friendly and never rush you, no matter how busy they are. 

One time I was here, I had the rest of my murguez wrapped up to go. The waitress rolled it up in aluminum foil, then shaped a handle with the rest of the foil to make the entire thing look like a purse. How cool is that?
Really good falafel sandwiches, good hummus and tabouleh too.  I have been going for lunch a couple times a month for years and have never been anything other than happy.  

Super nice people, good food.  It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kind of place.  Perfect for lunch, but good for an quick and good dinner or take out too.
This is a decent little lunch spot. They've done a great job of putting as many tables they can in a small space w/out making it feel too crowded. 

The owners are beyond nice and really care about their customers. Excellent customer service. I think that's why the place is always abuzz with people (my guess is there are lots of frequent returnees). However, when the owners are not behind the counter, their staff will nickel and dime you. I asked if I could have the garlic spread on my shawerma sandwich instead of the tahini and they wanted to charge me .50. That's silly, I cannot imagine garlic is more expensive than tahini, and surely not .50 worth. I heard them nickel and dime the woman in front of me as well.

The prices of the food are good. I've had a couple items with chicken. Both were decent. My colleagues have tried other things they've liked as well. One thing that needs to be fixed is the fountain soda flavors- they taste watered down. My colleague has ordered a soda a couple times and each time it tastes underflavored and feels like it's a waste of money. 

For this area (the IE), this might be one of the better places in terms of flavor for Middle Eastern/kebap type food. I wish they would thinkly slice the shawerma instead of slicing it off in big chunks. It's not as appetizing.
One in a thousand.  That's what I estimate the odds are that yelp steers me in a completely wrong direction.  Meet the last bad one out of the last thousand, Falafel on Broadway.  The reviews are brimming with compliments, almost to a suspicious level.  Yet, when I meet my friends for lunch here, I get the worst tabouleh and hummus I've ever had in my life hands down.  The hummus has a very offensive peanut butter taste to it and is covered in slimy eggs or something.  The tabouleh was dry and lifeless.  The parsley tasted old, there wasn't any lemon or salt, and no hint of olive oil.  The pita was room temperature and tasted like the pita you'd find at a generic grocery store from the South like Winn Dixie or something like that.  I had high hopes for the shish tawook sandwich, but when I opened the tin foil, I see the smallest joke of a pita sandwich I've ever seen in my life.  They were trying to get away with something because there were only 3 little pieces of chicken, a lot of disgusting old lettuce, and the put pieces of broken pita inside the sandwich to make the sandwich seem more fluffy.  I've never been more thoroughly disappointed in a Middle Eastern establishment.  

Making authentic and delicious tasting hummus and tabouleh is so easy that even I can make it better at home than what these people served me.  The only redeeming quality this restaurant has is the quality of the falafel patties themselves.  The falafel sandwiches aren't good because the pita is bad, there is no good tabouleh or hummus to add to it, and once again the falafel to lettuce ratio is too small to compute.  I've been eating all kinds of Middle Eastern cuisines my entire life in so many different cities.  I had no idea today that a business that gets 4.5 stars on yelp would end up being by far the worst Middle Eastern food I've ever had in my life.  The owners of this restaurant must think their customers are stupid or something.  I can't believe they try to give you 3 little pieces of slimy chicken for the shish tawook or 3 tiny falafel patties for the falafel sandwich.  I don't have a problem with smallness, I have a problem with smallness under the disguise of largeness, especially when the quality of what they're gypping you on is subpar to begin with.  No thanks, I'll never go out of my way to this tucked away abomination in timbuktu ever again.
You cannot go wrong here.  The place is uberfriendly, the food good and plentiful and the prices very reasonable for good, from scratch fare.  This is not gourmet dining (the sald is simple romaine, not fatoush like the guys across the street) but it is well executed and presented with love.

The highlight of the meal is when Samir puts it down in front of you and say emphatically "please enjoy EVERY bite".
Hands down East Side Pockets serves the best falafel in Rhode Island.  Their food is always fresh, large portions at reasonable prices, and friendly service. 
 Highly Recommend.
Whoa Baby! Yelp reviews got me here... my dining experience will continue to bring me back. The quality of the chicken and their sides is top-notch. The chicken is to die for---- literally. I've never had basmati rice that soft and tender--- add some garlic butter to that (hence the Whoa Baby!). I'm new in town, and Zankou makes it on the 'favorites list' hands-down, I'm hooked!
I love love love Zankou. My faves: Their chicken (of course), garlic sauce and eggplant hummus. Their food gives you some kickin' breath, but I personally feel that it's worth it.
This place makes awesome falafel! Everything is so fresh all the time and I go there at least once a week! Everybody is really friendly and it's cheap too.
I went to Israel last year and had the best falafel ever. I've been on a hunt for the best falafel in LA, and have yet to find anything close.

Bella Pita's falafel itself is only so-so. What is great is the medium hot sauce. I love spicy food, so the problem with the hot hot sauce is not that it's too spicy. There's just too much horseradish. The medium hot sauce, however, tastes amazing.

There's another location a few miles away, south of Santa Monica Blvd.. Same food, same taste. This one's a little smaller, and parking is much more difficult here.
Jerusalem Gardens (or just "JG") is one of the outstanding eateries in A2. The flavors and menu have been consistently reproduced over decades of service. They serve the best locally produced coffee (Roos Roast) instead of some mass-produced, dried crapola. I've been eating there since I was in High School in the early 1980's. 

I always enjoy the friendly service because everyone there seems genuinely concerned with making my visit enjoyable. It's a good place to eat and nice place to be.
Pasadena is one of those cities that can drive me crazy deciding what to have for lunch.   Between all the proven eateries and all the new eateries constantly popping up it can really make someone like me literally spend an hour just thinking what's for lunch.  So, I hit up my yelp app and I can't help but notice this place keeps popping up.   After eating at raffis' place for so many years and constantly being disappointed by all other kabob places, I'm skeptical to say the least.  I got my order to go opened up my plate and staring at me were two chicken skewers and a luleh kabob for an addtl. $2.50 which I thought was great.  The chicken pieces are thin sliced chunks of meat well seasoned and grilled just a Lil dry but the sauces are pretty decent as well so all is good.  My order came with one slice of pita and a side salad that was also pretty good and not withered which is important.  All said and done I was happy with my choice although the rice was a little heavy for my taste nevertheless I can add this place to my long list of favorite pasadena eateries.  Four stars for the value 3.7 for te food.
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat! I eat here as often as I can. I usually get the chicken shawerma plate or the beef kabab. Both come with hummus, rice and salad on the side. They also include a spicy red sauce and a garlic sauce that I can never get enough of. To top it all off, the service is FAST! They had you your food as soon as you pay. LOVE IT!
Large greek salad, hold the red onions, drown in olive oil, topo chico, perfect lunch
Best food at Lobdell.  It's relatively healthy, prices are similar to the other restaurants, and lines usually aren't too long.  

If you go during the week day and the server seems nice, get the Chicken Maklouba.  It's delicious and is a lot of food for the money.  

If it's the weekend or the server seems annoyed, get any of the wraps.  I personally like them all.  Fresh vegetables, the protein/falafels are usually well seasoned, and the sauce is tasty.
So I ended up here after work for a meeting.  When we walked in, it was little smoky, but we got seated right away, got salsa and bread.

We ordered the combo for two, which came with One kabob, two tawook & two kafta along with salads. The other two got Chicken Shawarma sandwich.

The food was good, same as the old La Shish, same as Palm Palace, the price is up there in the same range with others as well.  The service was good, I would go back for sure.  The only downsize... street parking.
Echoing the other reviewers here, but working at One Main street it's great to have Aceituna nearby. i really love those pickled turnips that are included in the roll-ups/
I'm basing my review entirely on the nostalgia I feel for the middle east. I haven't been in years (I haven't lived in boston in years) but during my salad days, the middle east was ground zero for independent/underground music in Boston. Now there seem to be more options for bands coming through town...something I wish we had 17 years ago when I first was allowed in for an over 21 show.

I remember when the middle east was just a tiny club upstairs with crappy sound, okay food, and the occassional fire safety violation. In those days, the club crammed the upstairs room well beyond capacity, leading to the eventual opening of the room downstairs, which I always hated. Terrible sight lines, muddy sound...an ex-bowling alley is just not a good venue for a show. 

I had all kinds of adventures at the Middle East. Met my college boyfriend there at a show, was doused with water by the talentless urge overkill, saw Merzbow play to a room of three - me, my best friend, and the guy who brought him over, and was kicked out of a bikini kill show by a guy who, later that month, killed his girlfriend point blank one afternoon in Allston in front of patrons eating steak at a local watering hole. 

I always preferred the Middle East to TT's. No matter how bad the Middle East was, TT's was always worse. The sound, the employees, the sight lines -- yep, the Middle East was better on all counts.

And Billy Rouane. Man, that guy was a genius. He made the Middle East fantastic, and wasn't afraid to book anything. I wonder what happened to him?
2.4.12 Re-Visit

Went back to Ed's today after my wonderful experience the other day in the new environment, and have to say that I was not disappointed again.  

Tip: You NEED to try the Veggie Parm Grinder with cheese.  

Honestly has to be the BEST veggie grinder that I have ever had.  Highly recommended, for herbivores and carnivores alike.

Again, a MUST visit in the UC district of Philadelphia.
One of Boston's very best venues for a show.  Every year they get numerous bands that play real genuine music that is so hard to find anymore.  It's small and it gets very hot, but that is part of the ambiance that makes it so special.   Convenient to the red line or you can circle around and find parking fairly easily most of the time.  It's nice that you can buy drinks and not miss a thing as their is a bar less than 20 feet from the stage.  Earplugs are recommended as it can be really, really loud depending on the act you are going to see.
Wrigley's need to make some INTENSE mint flavored gum to neutralize the garlic sauce here.

Like many, I came here skeptical and wondering what the hype was.  Even though I do like Mediterranean food, I find it hard to believe Zankou's could be THAT much better.  I decided to try the chicken tarna, and before I even took my first bite, I was surprised by the amount of food.

It's a lot of food.  The chicken itself is shredded, sitting on top of lettuce, tomatoes, and beets.  In the stryofoam box, one little section was dediated to sauce.  It turned out to be the famous garlic sauce everybody talks about and one dip into it, I can see why everybody raves about it.  It's garlicky, creamy, and it just picks up your appetite like no other.  I was hungry but I did not think I would be able to finish the whole thing!  They even give you a container with mashed garlic to intensify your sauce or anything else you want to garlic-fy.  The tomato and lettuce with pickled beets is there if you need to take a break from all that garlicness.

The side of hummus and pita that it came with was great as well.  It's good to see fresh hummus with olive oil.  It's easy to mess hummus up even though it's so simple to make and Zankou's got it right. 

Pita Wraps are different protein with lettuce tomato and the sauce.  Good if you want a smaller meal. Next time though, definitely trying the roasted chicken and their kabobs.

Parking is a pain.  The hidden lot in the back doesn't have many spaces so just hope you are lucky to find one during prime time.
I allocated a Saturday last month to drive from Somerville to Providence just to get an East Side Pocket. That alone should be testimony to the greatness of this fabulous little restaurant. Going to school in Providence, I would save my pennies just to make the trip from the PC ghetto to Thayer Street to order a falafel pocket. I have searched high and low for a comparable sandwich in the Boston area, but alas, I have been unsuccessful. Anyone looking for a satisfying lunch in Prov, I urge you to check this place out, get a falafel pocket with everything (even hot sauce) except onions, perhaps a side of stuffed grape leaves, and an order of their famous baklava. You can thank me later.
I was exited to try this spot.  I am a big fan of Med. food.  This place was bad.  I got the shawarma plate.  The meat was so dry that it was hard to chew.  The dill rice was clumped and lacked flavor.  The sides are allright.  I would not reccomend this place.  I spent close to $10 bucks on this bad shawarma plate.
I was shocked when I first tried this place one night when a friend dragged me against my will. Oh my goodness am I glad she did. I absolutely LOVE Bella Pita. Whenever I'm feeling down I walk to Bella Pita and treat myself to a delicious meal.

Although the pita and the filling itself is delicious, the real amazing part of Bella Pita is the fillings & sauces that they have available. I'm a big fan of their herbal dressing with pico, but to be honest they are all amazing. I definitely think you have to make your way through the salad/condiment bar. 

Only criticism is that the place is way too small for its popularity. There are a meager 3 (maybe 4?) chairs. Definitely a place to get food to go.
Very good food.  Traditional lebanese fare.  I had the chicken tana plate.  The hummus and tahini were homeade and the chicken was succulent.  Very crowded at  lunch time so come a little early if your dining in.  The lemon butter is like crack.  Next time im gonna try the tri tip schwarma.
Holy smokes, I'm not sure what this place's secret is, but everytime I show up when I'm staying in Pasadena, I show up to try something different....and I totally fail because I always go back to ordering the Chicken Shwarma Plate w/ extra garlic. OMG so good. 

The super fast service is like magic too.
One of my favorite cafes in Harvard Square.  Let me correct myself.  One of my favorites in metro Boston area.

First of all it has a good jinx for me, this was the place where I had my first date with my darling.  Back then, the 2nd floor was smoking and the 1st floor non-smoking.  I am a non-smoker so not that I care personally, but my clothes smell cleaner now, although some of my friends (and yes they are foreigners like myself) miss the Algiers' smoking days.  

Their food is good, their balcony is nice in spring/summer/autumn.  Nice for chilling/reading alone or with friends, or even on dates.  My darling and I've been together now for 4 years+, we got married since and are expecting a baby soon, so see? Good jinx!

They also hosted Palestinian Film Festival fund raising night.  I met the art director  (...I think?) of the film "Divine Intervention" there.  So this cafe happens also to have similar political opinions and social awareness to mine.
Very small Lebanese restaurant (only a few tables). The food tastes good, except the portions are rather small.
One word of caution: when there is live music, it's deafening, so if you're looking to study or have a conversation, avoid live-music nights.
Their chicken shawarma has the most authentic taste.
The food was utterly delicious. The chicken tikka masala was one to die for. It was very creamy and rich, and had a great taste. I also tried the vegetable jazifir(sp?) which was very good as well. The spiciness could have been a little better, I ordered the medium-hot and it tasted more mild than anything. Next time I will get the hottest you can do. All in all the only reason this place does not get 5 stars is due to the service, we were sat in a very small table that was in the walking aisle and constantly had our elbows bumped. But the food made up for it!
Just seeing a picture of the exterior makes me hungry. I have never had anything but the falafel sandwich, Really, why bother with anything else? I like to eat in at the counter and watch the world go by...Central is not as weird as it used to be, but there's still some sights. Sometimes they even throw a couple of tables outside--that's nice, too! I am a total carnivore so someday I guess I should try some meat, but just can't tear myself away from the falafel. It's delicious. The pita is also perfect and the vegetables are fresh. Man am I hungry. I have also been told that it's not that good, but I don't care. I like it.
okay, i've never been there, but the fact that they leave the baklava in the display case 24/7 kind of creeps me out.  i love baklava, but i'm not going near that.
This review is strictly for the hookah lounge, not for the food.

And I give it 5 stars because it's PROVIDENCE, people.  Hookah doesn't exist here outside of the lovely little hookah dens that we call our apartments.  And yes, doing it at home is way cheaper.  But if you want to get out of the house, you pay up.  And it's cheaper than in LA or NYC.  So cope with it.

$18 for a regular flavor of hookah.  I believe you can combine two flavors for $25 but why bother.  One is enough.  I think it was $30 for premium hookah, which is the Al-Fakhar brand (the best in my opinion), but I'd rather do that at home since the whole box only costs me $12-15.  But for all you cheap folks: it's $25 per person (not per hookah) at Tangierino, and at least $20 plus extra for coals in Westwood, LA.

They didn't charge us for extra coals, and the tubes/hookah was clean.  Super ventilation here.  They have food, but I had just come from dinner.

Bottom line, this was the best place to be around Thayer Street/Brown on a Thursday night.  Wish it was here when I went to school.

Only negative: no real mint tea.  It's out of a teabag, and it's not very good.
I absolutely love this place and am lucky enough to work very nearby!  Their prices can't be beat and the place is so awesomely compact and great.  The outdoor seating is a lovely oasis on a busy street.  I have been known to go through phases where I get a chicken shawarma sandwich, a side of rice pilaf and ice tea - EVERY DAY!  My shawarma addiction has been known to infect my co-workers as well!  Also the fact that this is a FAMILY owned ann arbor institution makes it even better to support.
I've tried making FesenJan before (chicken in pomegranate and walnut sauce) but it hardly compared to what I had at the International Market

It's a small cafe but you can tell the owner takes pride in getting his food right.  The Fesenjan was seriously one of the best things I've eaten in a long time.

Very friendly atmosphere and delicious food.
Best falafel in Berkeley, definitely!  This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall restaurant across the street from campus, which seats maybe six people, and is not always open when I want it to be.  But it gets 5 stars for the quality of the food alone.

I'm a big fan of the "Super-Falafel," which includes all sorts of other stuff like veggies and potatoes to make a sort of Mediterranean burrito.
This place doesn't deserve 5 stars, it deserves 6! The staff are jolly and generous, the ambiance is a cut above any other quick eatery, and the food tastes like homemade (in a great way). Veggie combo is great. So are the sweets. I waited a long time for this place to open and it looks like they have an appreciative customer base whenever I walk by. I am really rooting for them--please go there and see for yourself!
Summary: Good food, good prices

While the reviews for this place are rather lackluster, let me assure you that this place is still quite good. It isn't 4 or 5 star worthy, not by a long shot, but still, the food is decent, the prices are reasonable, and the falafel (after all, it IS called FALAFEL house) is actually quite good.

Having had falafel at some of the other eateries and carts in the area, these guys stack up squarely above average. My favorite falafel in the area comes from Pyramid Pizza, a food truck located behind the Main Building on Drexel's campus. Speaking of Pyramid Pizza, if you go there, you MUST get the veggie burger with hot sauce. I'm not giving you a choice - 'tis the law. Plain and simple.

Back to Falafel House, while I certainly wouldn't be taking a date here or coming with high expectations, it's a good place to stop by when craving that fried ball of chickpea goodness.

They deliver too!
I love the place, and as an Egyptian, the middle-eastern food in this place is awesome
I've been to many concerts at the Middle East but had never eaten at its restaurant until this weekend. 

Firstly I have to say that staff was very friendly. I had a feeling that the man serving us may have been the owner or the manager of the restaurant because he had a very confident and charismatic way about him. He made my friend and I feel very taken care of. 

My friend and I shared some hummus and pita bread and a falafel roll. Delicious! It was so tasty I wished I didn't have to share. The only thing I would have wished differently was that I wish the pita bread was warm. But the hummus was great. 
We ended up staying for a while after our meal and enjoying just sitting and sipping some tea. 

Really nice time =)
The food was delicious and the service very friendly.
I used to love this restaurant in my neighborhood, particularly the whipped garlic. We figured this was the perfect restaurant to entertain two out-of-town guests and a local, distinguished visual artist. The waitress had been friendly and the night was enjoyable, and we were planning to leave a large tip, particularly since this was a business deduction. Unfortunately, the waitress took it upon herself to add the tip onto the bill even though our party was one less than the number of guests when the restaurant automatically does so. When I inquired about what I thought must have been an accident error, she told us that they often automatically add the tips for foreigners and others that they don't think will leave a tip. My guests were quite offended by the presumption, and I was stunned, and so my husband and I have never been back there or to any of the other related restaurants.
I surely miss Mongolian BBQ.  That's what this place used to be a loonng time ago, like 4 years ago.  Now they're replaced it with this greek establishment.  Based on my visits to Zankou Chicken & Mediterranean Cafe, I have a slight feel of how greek food is.  I usually order the Chicken Shawerma so I know how to compare between these places.

Yep, you guessed it, I ordered the chicken shawerma plate here and got exactly that.  The price was $8.95 and the plate was huge.  However, you surely do not pay for the flavor since the chicken is not quite as soft as Mediterranean Cafe, nor is it as good as M.C.  The hommus is also not up to par with M.C.  In fact, it has a strange taste to it.  They're stingy on the pita bread though, as they only give you 1/2 of a whole round pita bread, which is small to begin with.

My co-workers ordered the lula dish.  The description was 1 skewer (ONE skewer only?!?!?) with rice and salad.  The beef that came with the dish was not skewered.  In fact, it looked like one long piece of feces that came out of a cow's ass and that cow had been sitting on the toilet reading and FINISHING a book.  Truly unappetizing.

What's even stranger to me is that they serve beans with all the dishes.  They're like mexican beans, but not refried though.  They taste ok, but I thought this was a strange side-dish.  I most likely will not go back.  I prefer to go to Mediterranean Cafe for much much better food.
I had lunch here with Jenny & Skraggle, whose company was as much a delight  as was this cute informal restaurant, which had been Jenny's choice.  
The friendly and accommodating staff offered us tastes of the different foods as we tried to decide what to order.  I ended up with a simple salad, drenched in freshly-made dressing, the way I like it.  Jenny got chicken, fresh and tasty.  Skraggle ordered a beef dish.  The owner of the chain of Zankou Chickens sat at a table next to ours and chatted with us as we enjoyed our meal.  Of course we told him about Yelp and he offered us a tour of the food preparation area.  Unfortunately, we never did manage to connect with him before we left.....maybe next time.  He told us about his dedication to offer the freshest food possible and how it is prepared with love.  
Although I didn't have one of the main dishes, it was obvious to me that it would be hard to go wrong here, and I would go back.
This place earns 5 stars for its ability to excite my Persian mother beyond belief. And for much more. My family and I stopped here for lunch and unanimously agreed that it was the best meal we'd all had in a long time! So simple and so good.

We ordered several kebab sandwiches and a house kebab plate. The sandwiches looked big but were actually pretty light. Mom, sis, and I didn't finish ours...but I think we were just being weenies because we'd had a big breakfast. The chicken kebab pieces were thick, tender, and juicy, surrounded by veggies that were as fresh as you could expect. The sandwiches were wrapped in lavash (Persian bread that is like pita, but thinner), and came with a side of fresh, creamy khyar bi laban (a Persian tzatziki; I believe the Greek version uses dill and the Persian version uses mint). The saffron rice that came with the kebab plate was also quite tasty. 

And then there were the desserts...Mom went crazy over all of the Persian/Middle Eastern snacks and treats that she recognized in the market. We bought some baklava (the Persian stuff is like Greek baklava, but with pistachios, cardamom, and rosewater glaze) and some other sweet little items, the names of which I don't know how to spell in English, sorry!! However, my parents very excitedly assured me that these were authentic Middle Eastern treats.

Service is slow, but I don't mind that since they cook everything to order and that's what makes it so yummy...but definitely don't stop in if you only have a few minutes. It's just a little shop/market so there isn't much in the way of atmosphere, but if you want some GOOD food for under $10, this is the place to go!
Falafel wrap. double thumbs up.
The perfect place to grab a quick bit to eat, when they are open that it.  The hours here are a bit off, but the food is right on!  I've only had the chicken shawerma and the beef kabobs.  The chicken shawerma is delicious but the beef was not as tender as I would have liked.  The rice is fluffy and flavorful, and the salad is also very light and tasty.
This is the perfect place to stop in for a quick lunch or dinner if you're in the village or at the Claremont Colleges. I usually order the falafel sandwich (a pita) because it is the perfect size for lunch and always tasty, but my friends have pretty much done the whole menu and I've never heard a complaint. The staff is friendly and the prices are great for food in the village. There is NO REASON for Pita Pit when you have a place like Saca's in town.
While I've only eaten here a few times (it was very good), this place is known for its music.  The upstairs houses local bands and smaller touring acts while the downstairs gets larger shows.  There are other spaces for more intimate shows as well.  This is my favorite place to see live music in Boston hands down.
Sure it's noisy, crowded, and a bit grubby.  And yes, the menu can be confusing.  But it's all still really good -- especially the garlic sauce.
2.5 stars, but 3 if I'm really hungry.  A great improvement to Greek Corner II and the falafel is the best and cheapest in the square.  This isn't saying much, though, as the only other option (Sabra) is terrible.  Falafel was OK - not outstanding, but at least it wasn't microwaved (again, Sabra, ugh).  Sandwich is warmed on a press which is nice.   The dressing is a garlic cream-type thing reminiscent of ranch dressing.  Traditional tahini would be much better.
Ordered gyro plate, rice was very hard, however meat was tender.  Rice ruined the entire meal. Can't recommend.
I love Zankou! 

I had the usual, 1/4 white meat chicken. For around 8 bucks, you get a large breast, hummus, pickled beets, tomatoes, pita bread, and a garlic spread. Amazing. I love it. At this location, the beets were so sour and salty. It was perfect. I really can't say more about it. You eat it anyway you like it. Wrap it, dip it, mix it all together. Who cares? It is great! Hummus is awesome, chicken is moist and crispy skin, what puts it over the top? The garlic sauce! YUMMY! You must try for yourself. I am definitely going to try their kabobs next time. 

-Give it a try!
Finally got to come here to try their chicken n man was I ever so happy.  I ordered the 1/4 dark meat chicken.  Everything was unbelievably delicious! It came with hummus n garlic sauce as well as diced tomatoes n what I think is pickled turnips.  Everything went into the pita bread for some yummy lovin in my mouth. Drool...

Warning- Along with complete satiation is horrible kickin garlic breath after so beware lol
Jerusalem Garden was another good recommendation from a friend during my limited exploration of Ann Arbor. I had the chicken shawarma along with their "yogurt & cucumber" starter (it tasted suspiciously similar to tzatziki :) ) The food was good, and I got a good variety of tasty things on my plate for about $10.
Jerusalem Garden is easily my favorite food venue in AA. Their price, quality, quantity, and service is unmatched. JG is my first destination when showing a friend around Ann Arbor and NO ONE has ever had any complaints. Most of the sandwiches are an excellent bargain of under $6 (including tax) and are more than enough for a meal. Often I save half of my sandwich for later, though this can typically be attributed to my ordering a starter. I have tried most of the menu items, my favorites including the fattoush salad (with fried pita), kafta kabob sandwich (add the rice and tabouli), and the chicken shawarma plate. The falafel is also good, but I prefer other places for this item as I don't care for how long it is fried at JG (too long IMO).

I have never waited for more than 10 minutes for food when ordering take-out and the wait is rarely more than 15 minutes for a table. Parking is always available in the lot just South, and I have never paid more than a dollar for parking.
There's two things that I think are important to a falafel sandwich. One: must have falafel in it. Two: must have tahini sauce.

Granted, my falafel sandwich had (der) falafel in it, but where was the tahini sauce? This wrap was wrapped so tightly, I thought that liquids would explode once I took a bite (like the tightly wrapped crepes on Seinfeld). And pickles?? Why are there pickles in my sandwich? It was totally ruined with that gross briney stuff permeating every little nook and cranny. The sandwich was so dry, I should have dipped it in some water or maybe some of the sweat that the guy making my sandwich kept emitting.

But everybody raves about this place? Did I do something wrong? Is it my face??
We have started picking up lunch here on a regular basis.  We have been walking by this place for years and it always looked busy and we figured it was probably OK based on the traffic, but somehow we never bothered to try it until a few weeks ago.  We were really pleased, and we've been going back regularly. 

The menu is pretty basic: pitas and wowshi with different kinds of meat.  They have a sort of toppings bar with lettuce, radishes, tomatoes, white sauces, dressings and so forth that you can add to your order after they give it to you.  I have had some wowshis and they were pretty good.  More recently we tried some pitas, including the lamb pita and the turkey breast pita, and they were both pretty good.  This is basic and straightforward fare so the key is the quality of the meat, and they do well on that.

If you're looking for a place for take-out in Westwood, this should definitely be on your list.  There is a small counter if you want to eat in, but this is really take-out.
I love this place!  Service is friendly and attentive and they have a wide variety of menu options.  Its often hard to settle on one item alone.  I also have to say that they serve the BEST hummus I've EVER had!  I have tried hummus over and over again but never like it.  This time I was shocked and pleased to find that Beirut has perhaps the best hummus you'll find out there!  Very small establishment and casual atmosphere.  A great place to go if you're looking for something new or if you want something affordable and casual.  If you go, be sure to try both the hummus and falafel.  Both are top notch!  A pleasure and I WILL be back...again and again!
The complaints I've heard about this restaurant are numerous, ranging from bad food to the infamous Soup-Nazi-like owner.  So why did I give it so many stars?  Many people would hesitate before eating at Jerusalem Restaurant, and I can't blame them if they have been spoiled by American restaurant standards.  In defense of these kinds of restaurants everywhere, I would argue that you have to be at least a little adventurous (and patient) when it comes to eating ethnic food.  

I've become a regular customer because Jerusalem Restaurant is just so STRANGE, and kind of endearing in its own way.  I know that there are limitations to excusing poor service/attitude because of cultural differences, but I have never thought of the owner as malicious or incompetent.  Every visit, one of my friends makes an attempt to get the owner to smile (I've witnessed it, and it is a truly uplifting sight).

Below, I've documented some of my observations while eating there.  I know that these are probably factors that cast the restaurant in a bad light, but personally, these are the type of experiences that have made me come to enjoy (at least for humor value) my visits to Jerusalem Restaurant.  Read on:

* I first came into Jerusalem Restaurant with friends, and we all decided to order the daily combination plate.  When we got to the counter and placed our orders, the owner just asked each of us, "Meat or vegetable?"  We all requested meat, assuming that we would just receive whatever he was making for the daily meat dish.  To our confusion, when we received the meals, we each had been given a different meat: lamb, fish, and chicken!  (We learned later that you can just request a specific meat.)

* I have struggled to decipher the numbering logic used at this restaurant; this is the first example.  When you look at the front counter, there are sheets of paper that show a condensed menu, just the most popular items served at lunch.  Instead of writing Combo #1, Combo #2, etc., their items are listed as #576, #708, etc. (not even in sequential order!).  

* This is the second example involving weird numbers.  After you order, the owner will write a number on a piece of scrap paper and hand it to you.  This number is separate from the receipt, so it does not correspond to the price of your meal.  My friend and I thought it over, and we interpreted this as the same system employed at fast food restaurants, where your number is called when your order is ready.  When we looked, my number was 16 and my friend's was 28 (again, not sequential, even when he had ordered right after me).  Then, when our food was finished, the owner just waved at us instead of calling our numbers.  ...Huh?

* Unlike most restaurants, the owner doesn't leave unlimited boxes of napkins at the silverware station or your table.  Instead, he leaves just a few napkins (less than 10) at the front counter, so you always feel bad about taking more than necessary.  Great economic/environmental tactic...?

I'll briefly summarize a few more important points if you decide to try Jerusalem Restaurant:  (1) Order the spiced hot tea in the winter, (2) the restaurant is only open for lunch, not dinner, and (3) no matter how much you're initially intimidated by the owner, he is actually a warm person once you become familiar with him.
To quote John E: "Everything else--they need to get their act together." Except, I wasn't really happy with anything- and we even had a "Texas Salad" at our table as well. As for the skewers, I'd much rather eat Chipotle's fajita beef off a kabob than any of the beef I had here.

I'm not going back for at least another year or so. By then, maybe they'll be out of business and something better will have taken its place. *crosses fingers*
Unconventional, but a good experience. 
Our server was a smiling young lady called Ezgi and she adapted to us quite quickly.
The first funny thing is the lack of wine list, so we decided on red. We were then presented with three bottles of Anatolian wine (secretly good) and I suggest that you pick the middle one.
We ordered feta with olive oil, stuffed mushrooms, beef kebab and lamb chops.
A strange mix: the feta was a hard and salty version, authentic to the region, and the olive oil was spicy and fruity.
Their table bread is hot from the oven pizza crust and is superb.
The stuffed mushroom appetizer came out after the entrées which was funny.
The beef was superb, and the lamb chops were tasty despite being overcooked from my point of view. 
The Turkish variation of tzatziki was excellent and both main dishes were accompanied by a salad of no excitement.
The real shock was the cost, the meal for two, was just over $40 +tip
For that location I would have expected it to be a bit more pricey, so the cost/quality ration was spot on. At higher prices it would have lost at least one more star.
I think I will be back to try the pizza.
Nevermind my mediocre, detail-less review. I had a great experience the last time I was at Aladdin. I was pulling an all-nighter to catch an early flight and felt hunger grow as the night wore on with nary a bite to eat in the cupboard.

I trekked down in the snowy U-District and found that Aladdin's and the rest of the ave was deserted. He said it was the slowest night of his life and got my delectable falafel sandwich at a heavily discounted blizzard rate right when I needed it most. I couldn't have been happier.
Occupying the former 24th Street Double Dave's Pizza space, The Italian Longhorn continues the location's student-oriented pizza legacy, but also adds mediterranean flavor as well.

The menu includes your regular pizza offerings as well as Panini, Pasta, and a full-range of Mediterranean cuisine. Signs and the menu talk about an all-you-can-eat buffet and salad bar, but these were not happening on my evening visit.

Since I'm always on the lookout for a tasty Gyro, I stopped in on a whim to check out their goods.  The Gyro sandwich (wrap as they say on the menu) was only about a 5 on the "Nevets Gyro-o-Meter" (which goes to 11). Very oily, not much onion and just a little tzatziki sauce. But it did have nice soft pita and decent leatuce and tomato quantities. The gyro meat was very small slices and appeared to be the pre-cooked/sliced stuff that is just reheated on the flat-top grill. I really prefer the sliced-off-the-roasting-spit gryo meat since it gets a little crunchy on the edges. They do get a plus for the Gyro only being $3.49. Cheap eats, but not even close to the best gyro you can get in town.

I can't comment on the pizza, but I figure these guys might do good business with the students and the legacy of the old Double Dave's location.

A second visit might be in order to see if thier falafel can redeem my not-so-fantastic gryo experience.
I'm sticking to my guns here and giving Moody's 2 stars.  I wanted to move up to 3 or even 4 after finishing my Chicken Shawarma roll-up with Falafel 'cause it was so good, but I'm forcing myself to go with my initial instinct.  Why?

The service is just awful.  Every time I go there, I wait an inordinate amount of time for my food.  That is, when they remember what I ordered.  Or that I ordered anything at all.  Tonight, I went with my roommate.  They took my order, and left him standing there in front of the register, money in hand, for at least 5 minutes.  Then they take his order, and we sort of fade back into the crowd to wait.  He got his roll-up and finished it well before the guy making the sandwiches looked at me confusedly and asked "did you order something?"

I don't know how one could organize a restaurant more poorly.  Here are some easy suggestions for improvement in case anyone from Moody's cares about their poor service, though from how pissy they seem with the customers, I doubt they do.  How about a system in which orders are assigned numbers, which are then called out when the order is ready?  One time I got a block away from Moody's when I was chased down by an employee to be told that they had given me the wrong roll-up.  For god's sake, how does that happen?!?  Second, how about some sort of line system, so people aren't standing around going "did you order?  did you order?"

Etc, etc.  But man that's such a good roll-up.
I have to say, this is one of my favorite places to eat in rhode island. the falafel is outstanding. the owners must make a fortune.
Leena's has my favorite Gyros in town and the owner Mohammad is there every day ensuring you are served the highest quality middle eastern foods!
FYI I'm not reviewing the corner.  The restaurant connected to the Middle East Upstairs is a great place to have a few drinks with friends.  I probably come here once a week just to eat a falafel and have a beer (yay for comfort food).  The crowds vary as each different band to play at the venues brings a different scene(metal heads, when they're around for a show, seem to pack this place to capacity).  Lots of booths and tables that are all very condusive to loud reckless amounts of fun.
I've been a vegetarian for a dozen years and I often eat Falafel...  This is the best I've ever had.  I love the falafel sandwich and I love that it is only $4.25.  Sure, it takes a little bit of time to make - but thats why its so great.

The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is because the place is microscopic.  Also, one of the tables is always kinda sticky...  Whats up with that?  I have never figured that out.
I will give 3 and half stars for this place. Hummus was ok. Ordered mixed Grill. Still hungry after eating the whole entree and Lentil soup. It was $17. Turkish pizza was not good. Service was good. Food could have tasted better. Went there because of Groupon. This is place is way better than Pasha down the street. They have a bigger outdoor seating than indoor seating.
I think this place is the only decent place to eat at in Westwood regardless of cuisine. The lamb is seasoned a little on the saltier side but that isn't necessarily a bad thing when it comes to lamb. I also like the steak pitas as well. The salad bar for your veggie toppings offer fresh vegetables and their tahini sauce is pretty good. My favorite has to the their spicy sauce, it actually does deliver the heat and really kicks up the flavors of the pita tenfold. Hey, it's also open late, so what more can you ask for?
I eat here about once a week usually after midnight & after a few beers. It's really tasty. Prices are low but they are cash only which is a pain. Pretty much one of the only late-night places aside from High Five. Worth it.
Pretty good Middle Eastern fast-casual place. The staff is friendly. I haven't tried the falafel, but the chicken is good. The soup is really good, too. This is a nice, simple place to eat.
I need a coffee. NOW! 

That's my first thought off the bus every morning. And I usually end up at Finagle a Bagel, but today, after numerous passes by Algiers, it seemed the time was ripe for something new (also, I got to Harvard Square early because for once I didn't miss the bus.)

It feels like an olde-timey apothocary or general store. That's good. Tiny wooden busts of Jesus and piles of fezzes: also good. Breakfast served all day: excellent.  Almost $4 for a latte. Hmm. And a falafel sandwich for $8.50 seems about a dollar too high. The latte was good and all, and I like supporting local businesses, but really, for the price, it should have made me weep with joy. And there was none of that.
This place is absolutely fantastic.  I eat lunch here twice a week on average.  The father/son duo are extremely friendly, they know my order by heart and have it ready by the time the credit card machine finishes charging me.  Their food is killer, great flavor and just the right amount of food to tie me over.  It's by far my favorite med food.  If you haven't tried it already you are missing out.  Every single one of my friends I've brought there love it too.
We've eaten there 3/4 times, and have enjoyed their food and service was excellent. I think that because of reviews like the ones I've seen is the reason why so many restaurants in Ithaca fail and it's a shame!!!!!

As far as prices, what city prices is the reviewer talking about?  Where do you find tuna for $17, clams with linguini for $16,  etc.  Most of the entrees if not all of them are under $20!!!!  I guess the reviewer hasn't been to one of the downtown restaurants where you can have sea bass for $32.95

I wish the owners good luck, we like your food
I went again and the food plus service was much imporved.   Good food at a good price and good service.  Fair enough, they deserve the upgrade to three ***
You know what attracts me to The Middle East? Music and special events. From a couple of nasty DJs and a smattering of rockin' live bands to a Lamb Cook-Off that left me totally teetering out of the place I was so full, events here are always a good decision. 

Despite the general chaos that seems to be the foundation to every happening in their raucous, rankish basement, there's just something about crowding around in the dark, dank underground with like-minded peeps bobbing their heads, tapping their feet or chowing down on crafty grub. The beers are cheap, the lines get long but the vibe is always just right.
I'm relatively new to Pasadena and have been searching for a good falafel joint.  This is not it.  Their falafel has the hue and taste of cardboard.  I would not in good conscience recommend it to anyone.

That said, it's probably unreasonable to expect a restaurant with chicken in their name to excel at much anything else.  It's probably a decent place, but vegetarians would fare better elsewhere.
Order the lamb kebob, is a bit dry. My co-worker order the chicken one look much larger portion and fresher cock.  In other restaurant, you usually has to wait good 5-10minutes before get you kebob ready, here is like instantly, therefore like the one you had is been done for sometime. but consider so many customer come by there is not suprise they do this, other whise line will al.
Algiers is one of the few coffee places in Harvard Square where you don't have to lurk creepily next to people who are on the last bites of their sandwich, hoping to grab their table. There is always plenty of room here, and It's surprisingly beautiful inside with funky decorations, an open foyer, and a deck upstairs. Seat yourself at one of their octagonal tables, and never feel rushed to leave.

As for food: HUMMUS HUMMUS HUMMUS. Served with olive oil, a dash of paprika, fresh cucumbers, and strips of pita, chickpeas never tasted so good. The kebab sandwiches are also a good choice for something more filling, and they come with a tangy side salad to quench your veggie quota.

One drawback is that service can be very slow, but I feel sorry for the waitresses who have to schlep up and down the stairs. Algiers seems severely understaffed, so don't expect to get in and out quickly. But if you're not in a rush and want a leisurely(turkish) coffee, stop in.
this will always be my favorite bar. forever. i spent much of nights on those red pleather seats, which since have been updated. if my life were a sitcom, it would have been based here. drama, laughs, bands, groupies, vomiting. it all happened here for about ten years straight.
sadly, things have changed since i lived there ten years ago. i don't know all of the servers anymore, they all look so young! but i still know the bartender and the owner always greets me with a big hug. 
the food is decent and cheap. especially the hummus.
kick ass bands have been in and out of there for the last twenty years. 
not sure if this is still the cool spot to be anymore, and franksly i don't care, i'm too old for that anyway. but i always stop in whenever i'm in town to relive my golden years and cry a little about how old i am.
Pretty ordinary falafel and hummus. This was the first place I ever had falafel but I took to eating my falafel with pickles and I don't like their pickles so I usually go elsewhere.

The staff is really friendly.
okay middle eastern food, impressive rock show lineup
I've had both the shawarma and falafel wraps, which are good for the price and the helping is a nice size. Lovely staff and friendly environment.

Unfortunately my rating above is directed towards the plate meals. The plates in my opinion were just deconstructed wraps ... comes with generic salad, pickles and fries with a pita bread thrown on top. Now that's kind of unusual for anyone whos had plates in toronto or elsewhere since it normally comes with a side of rice, potatoes or other dishes and no plate has ever come with a slab of pita bread. The dressing was missing and the fries I got were seriously undercooked. I think there is a rice option but I guess it wasn't available or they didn't ask?

Get the wrap not the plates if you ask me. Same stuff minus the fries (which weren't even good anyways)
Ordered the chicken kabob togo. 
Their chicken was cooked very well. 
The meal included salad, a cooked tomatoe, hummus and pita bread. 
It was quite delicious but kind of expensive. 

Service was quick, and the workers were nice.

I would definitely come back!
This review is based on a single visit.  The food was ok, but nothing special.  There are so many great Mediterranean restaurants around Ann Arbor & Detroit in general that the bar is higher here than in other cities.  I would frequent an establishment of this quality if there were no other options, but I will not return to this one knowing that La Marsa is just 1 block away.  I also noticed that the lunch special I ordered was $1 cheaper at La Marsa ($6.99 vs. $7.99), and considering the quality difference there is no reason I would return to Hommus Express.

I ordered a chicken shawarma lunch plate.  The meat had a great flavor, and I appreciated that they made it with lean chicken breast, but it was more dry than typical shawarma so I doubt it was cooked on a traditional vertical rotisserie.  The lentil soup was in the bottom 25% of any I've had (at a real mediterranean restaurant).  You'd be far better off getting that either from LaMarsa or even Jerusalem Garden (which is also 1-2 blocks away).  The last straw was that they provided only cheap plastic silverware to eat with. It's a small thing, but if you're going to serve soup, at least get some plastic soup spoons.
The wowshi, a stuffed pita baked with beans and cheese or meats on the inside, is a fresh break from the same falafel you can get everywhere.
The "very hot" sauce is tangy, sweet, and oh so hot. It's the sauce I swear by when I crave spicy.
But good lord it gets so slow. I can come in there when it's absolutely empty and I'll have to wait 15 to 20 minutes for a pita. Completely absurd and the one thing that keeps me from going there.
We went after a long hike and really enjoyed the meal.  I had the veggie combo plate which had 2 grape leaf rolls, 2 falafels, baba ghanoush, hummus, rice and beans, and a huge mound of tabbouleh.  I really liked the falafels and the hummus the best although the baba ghanoush and the tabbouleh were not bad at all.  The rice and beans on the other hand, what's that about?  It's not even basmati.  The pita was flat and dry, but I won't fault them for that since they don't make it themselves.  Service was super friendly and the location was easy to find since it's on a main strip, Colorado.
I unabashedly feasted on brilliantly-made lamb shank while taking in a nostalgia-inducing (NYC) West Village bohemia interior - pleasantly shocked at how wonderful the food was to my palate, and pleased at the fantastic and attentive service. And: purple is an excellent choice of wall color - it must be said.
Who would guess that little fried ball of carbs coul bing so much joy into my life?

I've passed moody's fo years,  but for whatever reason never went in (I  was always drawn to the more surly and greasy hi fi for my drunken post-club reveling).

Wow, do I ever feel like a bufoon.  Moody's offes up some amazing deep fried chick pea love, and if that isn't theeogh the tabouli is ZOMG just-hook-it into-my-veins good.

Oh but wait there's more,  you don't need to dail now becasue from thus- sat tey're open till 3. . . .THREE AM!!

And here I was getting munchies on crsing the late night food gods that my only option as sketchy chinese.

Moody's I'll be see you again real soon (and probably real late. . and perhaps really drunk. . .probably not but maybe.)

LOVES YOU!
My new favorite Middle Eastern spot. Felafel is excellent, grape leaves are flavorful, and the cauliflower with tahini sauce was one of my favorite dishes ever!  Food is fresh, owners friendly, and restaurant is small but clean and pleasant. This spot is a gem.
This place is near my work so I frequent it a lot....and the food is great every time. The service is good, the food is always hot & delicious and the portions they serve are huge (enough to have for dinner). The lines look long but they move really fast.
It's quick and cheap food.  It's right outside the Eliot Street bus stop so it makes for a nice quick stop before you jump on and head out.  Yay for no more rumbling tummies on the bus!
This is a cute place to do some work/people watch. The prices are decent, even for the mint tea because they come over (on their own) to fill the pot with water.
My favorite A2 restaraurant. The best outdoor dining in A2. The food is honest. Fairly priced, flavorful and healthy. I reccomend A bowl of lentil soup and Grilled chicken with fattoush salad.
i can't believe all the times i've been in westwood i've never noticed this place. bella pita is kinda easy to miss since it's a rather small establishment. i was meeting up with some friends in westwood for lunch and as usual no one really knew where to go until one of the guys was like.. let's go to bella pita. it's between in n out and buck fiddy (or what used to be buck fiddy). 

i got there first and was confused about what the difference was between a pita and a wowshi. in the end, a wowshi is like a calzone, but made from pita dough. 

i got the beef wowshi, which i gave half bobby c so i could take half of his chicken wowshi. sly, right? haha. 

i stuffed my wowshi full of lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, hummus, and 'white sauce'. it was tasty, but super messy. my wowshi was dripping all over and luckily we got a spot at the counter so i could eat over something instead of trying to stand and devour my wowshi. i also got the fried cauliflower and a drink. 15% off if you make it a meal. =] 

i'm not a big fan of cauliflower, but decided to try it because it's fried. everything taste better fried! they ended up being tasty, but super greasy, so beware. 

overall, an a-ok experience. i may be back if i know i can get some counter space.
The falafel with hummus is delicious and the shop has a homey feel. $5 well spent.
If yelp had an option for no stars .. It would get just that 
This place has great potential but the service is horrible !! The servers are way to pushy .. They are rude! We asked for orange grape .. And I admit it is a funky mix but it is by far one of my favorite! The waiter looked at me and said "you have never had hookah huh? You don't know what you are doing " ... RUDE ! DO NOT COME HERE .. Way over priced for crappy service and badly prepared Hookah ..
Eh. Food wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. Go to Providence Byblos instead.
Lots of food, and lots of variety with ingredients in the dish (the homefries especially).  The breakfast food is good, and I really like the crabmeat sandwich.  Very good value.

Sometimes service is a little bad, but service isn't what you should be coming here for.  The hot sauce is somewhat uninspiring; I prefer tabasco.  The jam is pretty cool (though really sweet).
Ah yes, piping hot Lavash bread from the brick oven makes me oooh and ahhh. I love ripping up this puffed up centerpiece and dipping it into that yogurt and dill sauce. This alone, is enough to entice suburban folks out of their comfortable dwellings.  Save Friendly's for another day, eat Lavash today!

The dishes all look incredible, and I've seen every single one. That's because there is a picture of every single item on the menu. How else would I know what Guvech is?  

The Chicken Durum is brilliant and although I generally order this on a street corner, I order in at Ali Baba to experience the Lavash with a glass of mango juice. If they branched out and set up a street meat truck in downtown Albany or Saratoga Springs, drunks would be in a late night food frenzy.  

Outsiders take note.  It's very easy to get here. If you're driving on Hoosick Street, just  turn on 15th Street and drive a couple of blocks to Ali Baba.
They don't stay open too late, but they are great!

I really like the med food here, it's quite good.  From the fatoush to the falafel, the kibbeh to the kebab, you can't go wrong.  The hippie wait staff is also very nice and the food is surprisingly not that expensive for downtown Ann Arbor.
Better over-all Persian food than most places in LA with less hit and miss issues than its beginning.  Great fragrant exotic rices, great stews, good steaks especially when the owner Shahram is there).  Friendly eager-to-please staff though slow and a bit out of it.  Please realize the best Persian food cannot be had at a restaurant.
Decent falafel. The sandwiches benefit greatly from the sandwich press, and are even better with hot sauce. Probably the best I've had around Boston, and more than passable (which is more than I can say for most), though not earth-shattering like a few of my favorites elsewhere in the world. Service is mixed, but usually professional and rarely bad. Prices can't be beat.
Got the quarter white chicken plate, which comes with hummus, some fluorescent-pink pickled turnips, pickled chillis, and diced tomatoes. The chicken was quite good. Crispy, golden brown skin, buttery, moist, fall off the bone chicken meat. A very good rotisserie chicken. There was garlic sauce that came with the chicken--kind of tangy. I liked that. The hummus and pita were also good. I didn't care for those fluorescent pink pickled things that so many Mediterranean eateries like to use though.
YUM!!!!

They have amazing bread here! It tastes a little garlicky and salty, and a little yeasty, but it's still so good. They serve it hot, so it's soft and just kinda melts in your mouth.

I had some of the Lebne, which is like this yogurt based dill kind of dip. It's tangy and sour, but it still has a lot of flavor. It's pretty heavy, so after a while, you might need to rest a little bit. 

I also had the Gyro, which to me, was kind of a disappointment. It was different from all the other Gyros I've ever had. They need to put some more meat in there!!!!!! The meat was sliced pretty thin, so it was less of a Gyro sandwich, more of a Veggie sandwich with some Gyro added.
Meh.

Customer service was really excellent. Our server and all the other employees were so nice!

I'll be back, but I think next time I'll try the kebabs or something :)
Blah..that's all
Crazy fast service.  I love their veggie and falafel pockets  (really wraps).  My husband has a tendency to want to eat lunch at the same place every day.  No really he will eat the same exact thing for 60 days straight and not get bored..  But with this place I don't mind at all..it's good enough to over look the frequency/boredom issue. 

Don't forget to get a big tub of hummus for the road...YUM!
I have been hearing about this place for a while, and finally just visited Beirut this past weekend.  This is a hole in the wall, but it is so cute!  The owner greeted us at the door and is really a sweet man.  I shared the mezza plate, and then ordered the falafel plate as an entree.  I was practically licking the plate at the end of the meal.  Definitely wish I left room for dessert - perhaps next time!
Do you ever wish you could relive your days of drinking in dark, crowded, smelly frat basements, only you yearn to pay money for such a privilege rather than simply visiting a college campus? Then have I got a place for you!

I used to go here in college when I'd visit my brother in Cambridge. The bands were always decent but the crowd was mostly neo-hippies in perfectly coordinated J Crew flannels and cargo pants falling over how counterculture they all were. 

Maybe I'm just bitter though, since I once got kicked out when a bouncer saw my 21+ brother handing off beers to me and my 21- friends.
Tried this place on a weekend trip to Houston and it was pretty good.  We had the lamb chops (special), the Turkish Pizza, and beef lamb kabob combo.  The lamb chops were the best.. outstanding.  The Turkish pizza was interesting with taste of lamb.  The beef lamb kabob combo was OK.  Atmosphere was good as we sat outside.  The bathroom was utterly disgusting and I had to change my 7-year old standing up. Not happy about that.  The prices are a bit steep for your portions so overall I give it a "3". I have been to Istanbul in person so I am not blown away by the chance to eat Turkish food.  I probably would have posted 4 stars, but the bathroom killed it.
Good food at reasonable prices. The daily specials are a bit pricy, but worth it. I am a sucker for gormeh sabzi.

Plus, they've got the best deal on persian cucumbers in town, and a wonderful selection of crumbly white feta-like cheeses. I prefer Bulgarian style. It's also the only place in the area that sells labaneh (aka lebni), a white, sour-cream-like farmer's cheese. Slather that onto a warm piece of whole wheat lavash bread, add some sliced cucumber and onion, and be happy.

Don't miss out on the respectable array of Middle Eastern olives, pickles, spices and ingredients (one of the only places that sells inexpensive tehina for humus, if you're willing to get it in bulk)
my GO TO SPOT for drunchies.

cannot go wrong with this at 2am:

1) seeing all your friends drunkenly walk home
2) cheap cheap food
3) delicious chicken wowshi!!

first time? i would recommmend the chicken wowshi, and dont forget to fill it up with toppings. especially the spicy sauces if u can handle it! also nice: fried cauliflower. i would recommend this to any drunken soul at 3am.
The "yes" for waiter service should be changed to "yes, if they remember that you exist".  After asking for my check multiple times, I waited 45 minutes for my check on a recent evening before receiving it.  When the server finally arrived with the check I had my card out, ready to hand it to her once I glanced at the total bill.  I tried to give the card to her and she shook her finger at me to wait (some more) and left!  My BF finally went up and handed her the bill with card.  This place accepts cards!  There were three other servers working the not-so-packed room!  I have never, in my life, received service so bad.  What should have been an easy meal (two wraps, hummus, two beers) turned into a two and a half hour debacle.  

The only reason for two stars is that I went to a show downstairs after dinner and had a great time.  The staff there was friendly and sane.  

Restaurant: negative two stars

Downstairs: positive four stars
I was having a pretty bad morning, what with the axle falling off my car and whatnot...yeah, I spent three frikkin' hours getting the car towed to the dealership, browbeating the service employees there, getting a rental car, and driving back to Pasadena to go to work.

I was super hungry by the time I was nearing my office, especially since I hadn't even had a chance to have a cup of coffee before my ordeal began. By sheer luck, I remembered Mediterranean Cafe and started drooling. Since it was still early - only around 11:30 - the free parking lot in back was only half full, so I was able to park quickly and run towards the scent of food like a starving wildebeest.

There was already a line (a short one, fortunately), a testament to this place's popularity. I ordered the chicken shawerma and a Diet Coke; I had the food in my hot little hands within moments. (Only $7.25, too, what a deal!)

SO. DAMN. TASTY. The chicken is perfect, the lettuce is crisp, the garlic paste is ultra yummy. I only wish there were a few more tomato chunks, because I am a tomato whore.

I know I'm a lot more generous with the stars when I eat at a place when I'm famished, but seriously, people, I keep licking my lips in hopes there's a little bit of the garlic paste left on the corner of my mouth. *sigh* Now, if I only had a cupcake, my day would really be taking a turn for the better...
Once again, have to wonder what the raves are about. Went at lunch time, ordered the shwarma. It was dry, tasteless, the presentation totally boring, wrapped tightly in a pita, looking like a wrap from the grocery store. At first, the presence of shwarma was not evident, the portion size being fairly small. Supposedly came with hummous - none was present. Oh well, not having good luck with Lebanese food...
And the service was ridiculous - one waitress who couldn't wait to get back to her reading material.
Nom nom nom nom nom.  An LA institution.
Came here during lunch with my boss because we both love Mediterranean food.  I ordered a beef kebab plate and had the salad and hummus.  And it was pretty good.  I can say I've had better but it definitely hit the spot.  The food came out with a quickness so I'm not complaining. 

If you're craving Mediterranean food and are in the area, it will definitely get the job done.  I wouldn't drive out of my way though.
today i arrived after a busy morning sleeping in, i ordered the chicken shawerma with double hummus and an extra pita bread. 8.25 well spent

service: excellent and polite
food: simply amazing
only con is that it's busy! and hard to get tables but the food is worth all the wait! :)
Moody's is one of the best Falafel places you can find. The prices are reasonable and the portions are filling. Ideal place to go grab a bite when you are really hungry! Be sure to try out their cashew filled dessert wrap or whatever it's called. It's delicious!
Althought I have yet to eat there, I saw Andrew Bird in concert at the 'downstairs' venue last week.  I like a venue that has two fully-stocked bars on opposing walls - you never have to do too much crowd navigating to get your next beer.   

Middle East has a great space for shows, but they could stand to improve the sound system a bit.  Two of the rear speakers went out in the middle of a song, and weren't turned on for the rest of the show.  Otherwise, not a bad place for live music.
Went there today for some yummy food and judging by the middle east dishes I was the only person enjoying the food. Great desert and love the Italian drinks (orzata for me). Sat upstairs on the terrace and a beautiful morning. Prices won't blow your head off here.You'll love the atmosphere and upstairs decor. Worth a visit and you'll enjoy the place.
The atmosphere in this place is fantastic.  The food is amazing, and the price is low.  I was pleased with my chicken gyro which filled me up and was chock-full of delicious spices.  The food is cooked right in front of you.  None of that permade crap some other gyro places have.  The people behind the counter are nice and friendly.
If you're craving good Mediterranean food, don't want to spend a lot of money for lunch and want it fast without the long wait, then you need to check out Mediterranean Cafe in Pasadena. It's a small place in Shoppers Lane near Del Mar Blvd and Lake Ave. They serve all your classic Mediterranean dishes such as chicken shawarma, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, chicken, beef and lamb kabobs. Not only is it tasty and delicious, but your food is ready for pickup just after you ordered and payed for it. Talk about fast food...this place is amazing. It's also cheap and affordable. Everything under $8. 

My favorite is their beef and chicken kabobs plates accompanied with rice, salad, hummus and pita bread. Good portion, fresh and authentic. The chicken shawarma is also excellent and don't forget their garlic sauce. Makes chicken and meats more tastier and appetizing.

Only bad thing about this place is limited seating. It gets crowded during lunch time due to all companies and businesses in the area. So get here early for seats.
A roof deck!! Must go for that. A place that's Easily Missed. I hadn't noticed it for years.  A Cool location in harvard sq.
and the 'can't judge a book by its cover award' goes to moody's. its a hole. it looks like a hole. food's great. oh and i've asked them to make me things not on the menu and they have! how's that for customer service?
The way I see it, writing a review for Zankou is like cheering for the Lakers, lost in the crowd. But hey, I love the lakers, so I always cheer, and I love Zankou so here we go with the review. 

First off, this place is more than a chicken spot. Every item on the menu is AMAZING. From their rice to tabouleh, falafel (get em hot) to shawerma. The garlic sauce is worth fighting over and their newly added kabob items are awesome too.

I am a die hard zankou supporter for life. Great family too, 4 brothers and a single mother staying true to the multi-generation eatery. 

Great job guys!
This place has the best kabobs in San Diego without question! Some people may complain about the wait but they are making everything GRILL TO ORDER. I personally am willing to wait 20 mins for fresh food. No warming lamps here. If you aren't willing to wait, just call ahead. The owners work hard and are very sweet. They also have a great selection of groceries in their market. Authentic Persian food, high quality, reasonable prices. One of my favs!
I give it five stars just for the hummus.  Best hummus in town!  Great for take-out.
In town for a couple of days and a friend recommended we meet here for drinks on a Monday night. After a lovely dinner (as usual) at the Middle East we stopped in for drinks. Our server was a jerk. The female bartender was gracious and served us quickly, but her partner working the floor couldn't have been more put out by our presence. In an empty bar, hours before the DJ was scheduled to go on, he couldn't have been less obvious about trying to push us out.

I live in Los Angeles, asshole. If I want to be condescended to by trust fund babies waiting tables while blowing daddy's credit card on truly horrible "designer" clothing, I'll just stay home and head over to Silverlake. 

This experience was made more upsetting by the fact that the rest of the Middle East family (restaurant, bakery, and both the "downstairs" and "upstairs" music halls) were a huge part of my formative years in Boston. I've got nothing but huge love and respect for the management at the Middle East and in particular, their support of local music in Boston. Get with the program, Zuzu. Get over yourself.

After being hustled out, we went around the corner to TT's for the rest of the night and had a great time. At least you helped us get there faster!
lmfao! That owner is such a douchebag with his shiny glossy shirts and his gay ass long hair, always jacking off to his Ferrari parked outside! I used to go for a while, but...lmao...I rather not. Some girl had her birthday here once, that was tight ass hell, everyone was looking at us haha! was fun!


TFR
Decent falafel, mediocre wraps. The pita bread (?) is thin and not very flavorful. Maybe I'm just bitter because the one time I bought the most expensive falafel wrap, the potatoes were way undercooked. (I've had the less expensive one several times.)

2.5 stars. Hummingbird Cafe has much better falafel and wraps.
This place is right next to UCSD campus! When I first discovered it I was quite ecstatic! The kabobs are made fresh and are insanely delicious! The rice is always tasty and the plates come with delicious cucumber yogurt and salad as well. The chicken kabob is tender like it should be. The workers here are really nice. One time a whole group of 10 of us came right at closing and the worker still served us and stayed almost an hour after closing for us to finish. They also have persian treats like bamye, baklavah, doogh (yogurt drink), tea, and persian ice cream. They also sell persian spices and goodies that you would find at a persian store!!! I got some rose water and persian cookies last time I went. I will definitely be coming here for many years to come!
When will they be opening one in SAN DIEGO? Every time my husband and I visit LA we always always always have to drop by Zankou chicken. Their garlic spread is to die for and their chicken is awesome. It is decently priced as well. 

Make sure you buy extra garlic spread to bring home with you!
I hate writing reviews in theory about little holes-in-the-wall restaurants I think are supremely good. Mainly for the reason I absolutely hate waiting in lines. The line is generally not tooo bad for Brookline Lunch, but in the cold winter chill of a raw Sunday as you wait outside for brunch, it can get chilly. Other than my hatred of waiting aside, this tiny little 12 or so odd table-d lunch place is THE BEST. 

Things I love about it: you can get a buttload of food for less than $5. all the main breakfast items come WITH toast, homefries, and vegetables. it's local and earthy without being too trendy. it's family run. it has an abundance of delightful plants outside the entrance. DID I MENTION HOW CHEAP IT IS?
I enjoyed their hummus and falafel platter. The place has a modern decor and everything was delicious. The veggies were fresh and the service was good. They were busy and had a huge line, but we didn't have a problem waiting.
Let me just start off by saying every Friday I religiously visit Falafel King in Quincy. I decided to venture out here and see how it compares.

I'd better not compare...

TINY PLACE. It's the size of one-person bathrooms at restaurants. Not that they need to be huge to be good, but it was good.

That's it. It was good. You can sit outside. Lots of weirdos walking by, perfect for people watching.
Good food for a good price. VERY friendly people and I go there about once a week.
I ordered a chicken shawarma plate and sat indoors because it was ridiculously hot that day. It's cramped both indoors and on the patio, but pretty clean. My order came out lightning fast (expected, I guess). The meal itself was pretty good. I wish it came with more pita bread. I definitely want to go back to try their wraps.
not a bad falafel wrap.  i'm not sure i'm a fan of the pickled turnips and cucumbers (which i've read is a Syrian and Lebanese tradition, not having seen that tradition very much in Detroit where most of the falafel joints are owned by Lebanese or Syrian people.  though i seem to see tiny pickles at all the Israeli falafel joints i've been to around here.  me not being any kind of expert)

i think i prefer a crunchier ball.  that's what she said.
Seeing as I am not a smoker, I was shocked by how much I enjoyed my evening smoking hookah at Byblos. 

I shared my pipe with three others, and the orange-flavored tobacco we chose was absolutely delicious. Smooth, fragrant, flavorful and fun, I enjoyed every moment of it, especially atop my fancy silk pillow in the dimly lit room. 

I went stick with the non-alcoholic rose drink, which was fantastic -I didn't miss the liquor one bit. This drink is so very, very special - I've never had anything like it, and it went so well with the hookah -it cooled the heat from the pipe and refreshed my mouth beautifully. I think I may have had four of them! Also, you don't really need alcohol with hookah - that alone made me a little light headed. 

I was also impressed with how clean the place is, and how careful they are about making sure you have your own hookah mouth piece, since none of the pipes have more than one hose, so you always have to share. 

All in all, this place was good fun and something totally different... I'll be back!
Pros: Super lightning fast service.  Don't even call in.  You get there and by the time you are finishing paying, BOOM!, you got your food.  Best thing I liked is their beef kabob wraps.  Inexpensive wraps. Good value.

Cons: Chicken and the kefta are so so.
This is a hidden gem!

Maybe it's hidden because it's not really in Brookline ... it's on Brookline Street.  Misleading much?

It's a Lebanese-run brunch place, and while I haven't had any of the Lebanese food yet, the brunch menu is pretty standard and meets expectations =]  The portion sizes are huge for $6 or 7.  I ordered the French toast with ham last Saturday, and while the ham was great, the French toast and maple syrup combination tasted a little artificial.  Overall, though, not bad!

DO NOT get the baklava.  True, it also comes in a huge portion size.  But it looks as if they just bought it from a wholesaler and cut it up for you, and that's supported by how it tastes -- easily broken into a dense bottom and flaky top, and also too artificially-sweet.  I'd still check it out, though!
Rami is a nice guy who always compliments me. I like to get his falafel with baba ghanouj.
The food is tasty, but not exceptional.  What really drops it from 4 star to 3 star is thier early closing time and the fact that everything comes in STYROFOAM!  That is so 1980's McDonalds and bad for the enviornment.  Although we enjoyed the food, we will not return for the simple fact that they use the styrofoam for everything.
Last night was my first-ever time eating here, although it's been recommended to me on more than one occasion--specifically the chicken schwarma sandwich with the fries inside, as many other reviewers have noted. I've been watching the ole calorie intake lately, so I opted for the chicken schwarma platter instead; considering how greasy it was, I don't know if I made that much of a healthier choice, though!

The dish was only "OK"--the chicken was dry and the rice was slightly overdone. The flavors were pretty good, but I found myself putting a ton of Sriracha on it for some kick. The hummus was tasty, although tasted a little...I don't know, meaty? Funky? Not bad, by any means, but it just didn't have the really fresh, lemony taste I love in most hummus. I did, however, love the pickles and pickled veggies on the side and the sauce that came with the meal was really, really good.

The service was nice and my food came up pretty quick, but I was one of two people in the place. I like the window seating--this would be a decent place to grab a quick bite.

All in all, I wasn't blown away and I don't think I'll be spending $9 on that platter again, although I could see myself eating the sandwich after a lengthy stint at Ashley's around the corner. Ultimately, I'd rather go to Jerusalem Garden.
I am an avid fan of this restaurant.  They are quick, affordable and pleasant to visit when hungry for a nice, quick, affordable mediterranean meal.  Be careful to avoid the weekday lunch rush, as there is a long line that forms out the door of the small cafe but it's easy to see why.  Most people usually do "take-out" so there are usually enough places to sit. The chicken shwarma wrap is only $5, delicious with their famous  garlic white spread, and easy.  They have plates for approximately $8 and refills on drinks.  The vegetarian plate is another great recommendation as you get your choice of 4 items from :  hummus, falafel, tabouleh, lentils, greek salad, grape leaves and babaganouj (sp?).  Their baba ganouj tastes very homemade and has a unique texture- it's not as creamy as the hummus and also has a homemade flavor.  Side of pita bread included, extra pita bread $.25.  Drinks are 1.50 and there are refills- an eating area inside and a small patio outside.  The father and son (I'm assuming) who work everyday are very friendly and they are efficient- total pros.  This place is comparable to Pita Pita (check out my review) but they have their own unique positive qualities.  For all the good the Mediterranean Cafe provides to my life, I hope they stay around forever! :D
Good vegetarian options.  My favorites are the vegetarian sampler, the kafta kabobs, and the dolmas are fresh and not gooey.  They have an upstairs now.
I love Jerusalem Garden!!! It is my favorite cheap place to eat in Ann Arbor. The hummus is the best ever, I have still not found a better hummus. The chicken shawarma is my favorite with the rice pilaf is my favorite!
I'm a sucker for their battered potato chips. Sometimes I drive all the way out just to buy a bag of them...and nothing else.
Krazi Kebob is the type of place I normally dig. I like unique places with ethnic foods and this is definitely one. The chicken naan wrap is delicious and huge. They put so much stuff in it and there are so many flavors going on inside. And at just over 6 bucks, it's very reasonably priced. 

However, the last 5 or so times I have been there (I go relatively often), there have been problems. One of the times I waited almost 15 minutes for my order to be taken because there was one person making the food. I am all for waiting a few extra minutes for the fresh naan (which they make in front of you), but this was just unorganized and frustrating. 

Most times I have gone there, the credit card machine doesn't work. Being a college kid, I just use my debit card for most things. What they do is write down my credit card number on a piece of paper and how much it costs. I don't like the idea of having my number on a piece of paper in plain view. 

The food here is great. They have a really good thing going for them. If they take care of the two things that I just mentioned, I will be able to consider this place a great establishment.
Received a great follow-up from East Side Pockets.  I figure because this place is the holy grail of kabob in Providence one negative review wouldn't hurt- if you already love it then you don't need to look it up on yelp, and if you've never been there are plenty of rave reviews.

I should have mentioned that I have always enjoyed their food. (I don't eat falafel often) but I just wanted to give my two sense on their pies.

A friend recently recommended the mince lamb- I'll be in to try it soon!
The Good:
. Chicken pita wrap
. Garlic sauce
. Cuccumber yogurt
. Expeditious service
. Simple menu 
. Affordable price
. Good overall quality
. Healthy

The Bad:
. Lunch time is often overcrowded
. Lunch time parking is awful 
. Owner is VERY thrifty with utensils and napkins

The Ugly:
This place is so good, once you are hooked, frequent visits are inevitable.
Unfortunately, lunch time parking and seating is absolutely dismal.  
You will not be able to evade the situation with take out, either. 
Med Cafe is an essential mom/pop alternative to Zankou. 
Do go for the super quick serviced wraps and stellar garlic sauce.

Humorous Footnote: Though I recommend a visit, I have had a few issues with the owner and his son.  
Please, be aware that they try to discourage extra napkins (WTF?!!!!) to the point where I have caught them removing my napkins from my tray (again, WTF?!!).
Also, I was once "prohibited" from being allowed to order yogurt w/ my wrap (I say thrice, WTF??!!!).
Needless to say, I am a patron no longer.
They have closed the Craig St place and are now just at their new place at  305 N Craig St near (across from) the Market Basket. We went there for lunch and were very impressed. All their stuff is made there except for the Pita Bread. Prices are modest and the staff friendly. Their Humas was first class as well as their babagonush, Teir grill lamb was very good.  They also had great homemade hot source.
I always end up getting the Nutella crepe when I go there. Since it's pretty hard to mess up a crepe with Nutella, I won't base my opinion on that, though they get major points for *having* it in the first place. The tuna salad and macaroni salad are pretty decent, and the sandwiches I had there were okay. The cake selection is pretty good, I do like the fact that i can get blackforest cake there. All in all, decent and close to my classes :)
I have NO idea why this place is still open! It's a total dump. The only people who get treated like humans here are arabs and persians. I am not being racist at all. I saw it with my own eyes. I have been here on two separate occasions with some friends.  
I don't even know where to begin: 
a) There is a minimum limit per person charge. I believe it's 20$. 
b)The furniture is falling apart. There are burns in the furniture from cigarette ashes and food stains. 
c)The floor is filthy and sticky.  
d)The restroom is filthier than a restroom at a truck stop. 
e) The wait time for a hookah and or food is ridiculous, well that is unless your of middle eastern descent. I witnessed this four times. We had persian kids come way after us and they had there hummus and drinks two minutes after they sat down. We waited 30 minutes just for hummus and water, and they forgot the pita bread!! agh!! 
f) The staff and owner are a bunch of greasy slick guidos. They overcharged my friend's card and left it back at the register while we signed the bill. 
g) When the food actually arrived it tasted horrible. My friend and I shared a dish. We only had two bites and left. 
h) The hookah tasted horrible. It was to harsh and flavorless. 
i) I doubt they thourghly clean the hookah's. If they can't even clean the floors I doubt they clean the hookah's.  

If you want good hookah go across the street. I dont remember the name, but it's next to Diddy Riese.   
So enter at your own risk.
This unassuming cafe that so scenically borders a parking lot is my default for a satisfying lunch in Pasadena. It's small and the menu is limited, but as many others have mentioned, you get your food before you can say "Shawerma." 

It doesn't have the perfected crispiness of Zankou (nor the hipster appeal) but it's affordable, delicious and simple. What this little place lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in tastiness and that is OK with me.
The Middle East is actually an upstairs bar/restaurant and a downstairs music venue.  There is also a restaurant area next door which is also still the Middle East, I think. AND a club called Zuzu...which I haven't been to yet. Confused yet? Well wait till you ask where the bathroom is located. That will thoroughly confuse you because it is a located after a maze through all the places listed above. 
I have never tried the restaurant here and I don't think I would want to. I think of the Middle East as a great place to see live music. Upstairs at "the corner" there is always some sort of band playing and there is no cover here. It's a good standby option for a night out in Central...especially because there is no cover.
The Middle East downstairs is a really cool music venue. I don't enjoy seeing a band in huge stadiums or venues because I like the intimate feeling of being up close to the performers and really being in the mix of the other people attending the show. Downstairs always has upcoming bands playing and it's definitely worth checking out. Drinks are cheap! 
Great venue for music lovers!
The Shawarma King was featured on Seattle Weekly's recent list of the best falafel in the city AND has been getting lots of great reviews, so I knew I had to check it out!!

First off, the man who took our orders and brought our food was great. He was friendly and had a good vibe to him. I have a pretty strong feeling that he was the owner (or one of them).

I knew I wanted to try their falafel, so I went for the falafel salad. It was huge and filling, and the falafel was good.... but I was a little bit disappointed with the salad in general. There was a lot of lettuce and it seemed like the majority of the flavor was just the three olives and the falafel. I think next time I'll go for another dish, or check if they have the Arab Salad that I love so much. (mmmm tomatoes, cucumber, parsley, lemon juice....)

Bonus points? The server surprised us with a small piece of free baklava at the end of our meal! Nice!

So, bit bummed about that salad.... but  in general it looks like over all the Shawarma King is a wonderful addition to the U-District! I may not be a UW student anymore, but I still live near the area and having great dining options on the Ave makes me happy.
first of all, the inside of this place is worth a visit.  its a great quiet place to grab a snack and a drink on a slow day.  i havent eaten a full meal here, but what i can comment on is the delicious hot chocolate.  this hot chocolate is so deliciously rich and is like nothing youve ever tasted.  it tastes like they melted down a chocolate bar and mixed a drop of milk in with it.  be warned, its very, very rich.
Oddly this place serves some of the best gyros I've ever had. Definitely a great stop when you want something quick and don't want to spend a ton of money.
Just had my first meal and dine in experience at Tom's Tabooley. If you have read any of my other reviews you know that these days trying a place out means bringing the kids with me. It turns out this is a great test for the service and patience of an establishment. My kids are by no means bad, but one is 2 and the other 8 months. So they come with some natural challenges that all kids have when dining out.

Tom's was fabulous for the environment. The girl that helped us at the counter was great with my two year old. Talking directly to her, engaging her without talking "dumb" like some people do to kids. I really applaud that. The environment is big, spacious, which is great for casual family dining. Our little one had a high chair, while the other played with the mini-foosball game on the table. We were here for Mother's Day and my wife and daughter had a blast playing with each other.

As transplants from San Jose, California, we miss our favorite Falafel place. It's called Falafel Drive-in, and was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Tom's Tabooley is easily the best replacement we've found in Austin, Texas. The hummus was wonderfully fresh as advertised, and the "most popular" Falafel Wrap did not disappoint. Our 8 month old LOVED the fresh hummus, although he did end up wearing most of it. :)

On top of all this throw in the fact that their other offerings were all healthy options, organic this, and natural that, made me really happy. The feeling of the place is very laid back, sort of like Berkley or Santa Cruz, California. Maybe a little more like those places than other Austin-like cities such as Portland.

I love that we saw the owner in their working the kitchen on a Sunday lunchtime talking with customers and being extremely hospitable. There was your typical array of student-types from the campus area dining in. I also saw they have open mic night on Tuesday's so I think I'll be going back to check that out.

Definitely worth checking out.
Since i have a Lebanese friend, I love this place. She said this place is a hot spot for Lebanese. For me, this place is the best Mediterranean chicken place alike. chicken is fresh, tender, juicy. Humus and pita bread and other side dishes are all fresh. Especially chopped tomatoes and pickled turnip are unbelievably fresh. And the portion is pretty big that i could share with my friend. The menu is pretty simple that whole chicken and half chicken, wrap and kebab, falafel, tarna that is a shaved chicken. All menu come with pita bread and side dishes. http://www.zankouchicken.com/index.php?section=product&category_id=12 

The service is very quick and nice. The waitress sometimes come around the tables and asks what we need and cleans the table quickly.

The ambiance is not so modern but cozy and clean. Everybody looks so happy and satisfied with their food. 

The price is reasonable. One order is about $7.50. 

The parking space is ample in the back. 

Over all i will definitely come again and try tarna.
Love this place ! Quick, cheap and simple. Its like they already have ready what you want...  Long lines, but it goes by super fast
My sister actually yelped this place for me because I was craving for a falafel.  I decided to call them at 8:00 p.m. and they had just closed.  However, the lady that picked up the phone offered to make a falafel sandwich for me anyways.  It's always great to find a place with excellent customer service!  I think that made my falafel sandwich taste so much better.  I will definitely return again...
This place is  absolutely awesome. The food is amazing and healthy. The cashier and the workers are all cool and not all stingy. I can barely finish the food  portions but damn I loved it that much! I left feeling fulfilled and just plain happy. Clean and very chill place. I'm a total fan they need to open more locations!
Excellent hookah, great college town feel, pretty good food but skip the tea...

I came down to LA for a few days and heard there was some amazing hookah in this area so came here in a large group.  This place is accommodating for big groups but the service could have been a tad better.  They play a lot of great music top 40s with an arabic flare.  There are a lot of cool shops within eye shot including an indulging chocolate shop (which I will also be doing a review for), another hookah cafe and what better be the best ice cream cookie place ever (judging by the size of the line).

Over all, a very good experience.
This place has the best omelets.  They come with fresh vegetable medleys and tangy homemade hot sauce.  Coffee is good.  This is my new favorite brunch spot in Central Sq. If you can't stand the crowds, try dropping by on a weekday.  The food is just as good and the service is much quicker.
I adore Tom's Tabooley. In addition to offering fresh, homemade-from-scratch Lebanese food, it's inexpensive and close to me (and to UT). I love coming in for a snack of dolmas and felafel (you can buy these and many other things individually/in small portions). Their felafel is the best I've had outside Syria. Tom said he spent a long time experimenting with spices and getting the texture right, and his care shows. I could live on these. The traditional dolmas are also delicious. Mmmm, pine nuts. They make amazing baklava, too. It is not as sweet as some because I'm pretty sure Tom said they use orange water in lieu of sugar syrup. (So, hey, maybe there are a few fewer calories in it?) Anyway, very tasty. Besides espresso drinks and bottled beverages, they offer bottomless iced tea (regular and hibiscus mint) and sell an incredible variety of odd candies and other delicacies. I've tried--and love--their Thai noodles with felafel (sounds strange but tastes great). I can't figure why their very large dining area, which has plenty of tables in addition to couches and booths, is almost always deserted when I come here (admittedly, long after lunchtime). This is a great place to relax or work (free wifi); their later closing time helps. I'm looking forward to an expanded menu. I tried their chicken noodle soup today and have been promised that kibbeh are coming. Yummy, yummy food made by a happy, friendly family. This local place rocks!

The only bad thing is that their parking sichy-a-shun kinda sucks, but that's not Tom and Bridget's fault. Look for spaces in the streets behind if you aren't walking/biking/busing here or aren't able to (a) back into the lot on Guadalupe or (b) wait till all the traffic on Guadalupe clears so you can back out!
Super tasty!  The Naan itself is worth a trip to this place for lunch or dinner.  The rolls are super filling and now they come with these awesome tempura fries!  If you choose rice instead of naan to accompany the entrees, the portion is rice is HUGE so be prepared.  Lunch gets busy and this place is kind of small so it's sometimes hard to find a seat.  And when it's crowded, it can be a little confusing for the server to find your table to deliver food to you, as someone else said, the system for order delivery is not exactly the most effective.  But the tasty tandoor-made breads makes up for it!
I got the falafel combo platter for about $8 which really filled me up! Falafel was crunchy in the outside and fluffy in the inside. The flavor was okay, but it satisfied my taste buds for the moment.
5 stars for the great food, -1 for not taking phone orders for anything other than kebabs and making me order and wait in person.
My boyfriend and I wanted to try something new, so I used Yelp and saw that Istanbul came highly rated. We tried it and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. It's a cosy place with good food and decent prices.
Hummus is yummy. A bit expensive for what they serve since there are many cheapers options in the city for falafel, hummus and kabobs. However, I'm paying for convenience since it is walking distance for me. It's a decent meal, I pretty much always enjoy my meal here. The chicken kabobs were dry one time I ordered but overall, a nice char. The rice is nothing special but good to eat the rest of the food with. I always order a platter. The hummus is pretty good (not the best, but definitely good enough if you are in the area). The people are usually friendly too!
4 stars for the spicy chicken shawarma wrap bc it makes my breath oh-so-garlicky. But who cares?? Top it off with some extra spicy sauce and you have yourself a nice little lunch that contains all the protein, sour, and spicy goodness that I enjoy from a quick to-go wrap.

BTW, heard the falafel isn't that great. I've been eying the grilled meats but looks too ambitious for my quick trips to Aceituna.
I was really hungry when I went to Aceituna... with that being said, you really have to question underwhelming food when your stomach is growling. I ordered a Falafel, and while the size was generous, the sodium levels completely dominated this wrap! Now I've had a lot of salty balls in my mouth before (just kidding... or am I?), but these were nauseating. I also grabbed a Pistachio Baklava, another fav of mine--well, not this one. It was really bland! My husband on the other hand seemed to enjoy his food, I forgot what he ordered (something with beef) but I do remember his plate being massive! One thing I will say, although my experience wasn't too good here, you get a lot of bang for your buck.
Come to Samir's for charm or for one of the more substantial platters.  I recently came in for a gyro and was fairly dissapointed.  Now, when I walked in, I ordered they Gyro and Fries 'special' for $6.50.  After I sat down and looked at the menu I realized that the fries cost almost as much as the gyro!!!  A gyro runs at $3.75 (or something in the upper $3's) and the total bill came to $7 and some change.
Now, the gyro was decent.  There was not as much meat as I thought there would be, the pita was a little tough/ chewy on the edges and the lettuce, which was the main ingredient, tasted like it hadn't been washed (it had a slight chemical taste).  Besides that, it was prepared fresh and the fries were good although a seemingly small portion for $3.50.
While I say I would not come back for a gyro, I will definitely be back for some of the other food on the menu.  The pictures of the platters look amazing and I haven't had good baba ghanouj in too long.  Samir was very inviting and friendly, so 3 starts to him!!!
been going to falafel king for 25 years and have eaten there at least 75 times. this is the new location on broxton as of 2010.

love:
baba ghanoush - eggplant
spicy eggplant with tomato
garlic eggplant
falafel pita- awesome- best that I have eaten in the U.S. I like to put baba ghanoush in there with the falafel.
beef shawarma- really good.
double fried potato chips
baklava
I like the plain yogurt drink and orangina in the refrigerator case
salsa (!) that I always put in every pita sandwich that I get. really good.

just ok
hummus- really very average.

At the end of the day, some people get a big mac attack, I get a falafel king shawarma attack.

I always go late at night, so seating is not an issue, but I can imagine there to not be enough seating during lunch rush.
My new favorite late night spot. Great customer service and quick, fresh food. TRY THE CHX WOWSHI
Just got take out here again last week, I had the  lamb shwarma sandwich, it was bad enough to make me never want to eat here again. It was mostly lettuce, but what lamb there was had a disturbing texture and taste.
I LOVE Jerusalem Garden and eat there nearly once a week. The food is consistently good, the service great and the prices very reasonable. I just wish they allowed dogs on their patio.

I recommend the falafel, veggie grape leaves, lentil soup and baba ganoush.
The RI staple is the real deal.  The family is so nice to me when I go in and of course the food is fresh and always consistently great.  The place is always busy for reason.  I have been eating there since it opened and the wrap I got then is the same as I get today.  A must try for anyone.
This place looks absolutely minuscule from the outside, because it is surrounded by immense behemoths of buildings.  And you go in...and it's still pretty darn tiny.

Very good, fresh food, reasonably cheap.  And...surprise!!!  They have authentic, Mexican-style salsa verde to put on your middle-eastern-influenced falafel sandwich.  Everything I've ordered here has been good.  Good vegetarian options, lots of fresh veggies, a very balanced meal.

My only complaints?  It's cramped inside...easy to trip over everyone, hard to find a table when busy...there is very little indoor seating.  And...the second complaint, it's awkward the way they have the register set up...sometimes they run the register behind the door into the back, and you just order at the front but can't pay there...it seemed a bit strange to me.  But I keep coming back in spite of these things...try to go here at an off-hour, or a sunny day though, so you can actually get a seat.

Also, one more piece of advice: order a sandwich, not a platter.  It's cheaper, and the "platter" just has extra carbs and IMHO is not worth the extra money.
you can tell a lot about a person by their reaction to this place. 
people with rigid conceptions of what a breakfast spot should be will likely find something negative to harp on. however, these are probably the same people who decorate their windshields with 'no fear' decals and spend several hours a week cooking their skin to a whiter shade of orange in an ultra-violet coffin, so fuckem. 
also, aca-dicka-demia types will probably get rubbed all sorts of wrong by their dining experience but they'll find some esoteric quality to pontificate upon and that will likely salvage their ego-driven appraisal of what it meant to dine at brookline lunch.
what i'm trying to say is shitty people of all stripes will either dislike or simply end up befuddled by the food that gets served to them and the manner in which it got there. 
sometimes service runs slow, it's a family run joint and is staffed that way, but by cup-half-full standards, all that really does is allot you time to sweat off your hangover or rediscover the joys of purposeful conversation with human beings in their analog, actual form so ultimately, it ain't worth passing stones over.
egg dishes of any variety are a no-fail option and are served with a melange of veggies that kills in presentation without even meaning to. the coffee won't make you spasm with glee but it's good enough and gets refilled often so if you take care to relax a little everything turns out copacetic.
their jam and hot-sauce, which are made from scratch on site, are not only all sorts of delicious but completely unique. the hot sauce, which borders on being a relish stands apart from anything i've encountered and is routinely consumed by the trowel full every time i dine there.
the proprietors are the shit and have no qualms interacting on a genuinely personal level and manal, the mother hen who runs the floor holds it down like a champ.  
i'm in the bay area now and miss this place the way david spade's career misses chris farley. 
respek.
Holy crap this was the best lunch I have ever had.....best gyro ever....will drive from portland again just for this place!!! Booya!! Boner jams 2010
Pizza from here was delivered within a reasonable amount of time. The pizza itself was decent (canned and not fresh mushrooms though, and really oily pepperoni). The crust had an okay chewy texture, but it was strikingly bland. The sauce was not bad (a little on the sweet side) and the cheese was average. It's not the best pizza in the area, but it's better than a lot of the shitty pizza that can be found around here. 

I've ordered wings from here in the past which were fine, and I remember liking their cheesesteak with bacon. Then again, I'm a sucker for anything with bacon so I'm not sure it was Ed's specifically (probably more the presence of the bacon itself) that made the cheesesteak good.
niani is the best bartender of all time...with impeccable fashion sensibility
please have a brain & some idea of what you like to drink though.

soul-le-lu-jah is fun for dancing on saturday night
please don't be afraid to shake your tail feather, or you'll just be taking up valuable dancing space. 

the whipped garlic is my jam
Great food.  Minus one star for the drunk meatheads that populate the place after-hours, but that's what you get being one of the only places in Boston open past 1am.
I'm not a Falafel expert or anything, but I have tried a couple of different places. I was excited to try this place because I heard a lot of good things about it from my from at UCLA. But I when I finally tried it, it was just bleh. It wasn't horrible but nothing impressive. I didn't like the dressing on the salad and I thought the falafel was just mediocre and overpriced.
Mooooody's.
Any time you may be hungry.
Mooooody's.
Any time you need a friend.
Mooooody's.
Any time you're out from under.

Not getting served, not getting fresh.
Too long over the fryolater.
Keepin' their headsets on.
Making your wrap without looking.

Two am on a Friday night.
Moooooody's.
Tabuleh, hummus.
Mooooody's.
Scratchin' and surviving.
Mooooody's.
Hangin in a chow line
Mooooody's.

*inspired by Dave Chappelle's "I Know Black People" episode.

Extra star for putting up their "People Love us on Yelp" sticker and letter in the window. Yelp and local biz goes hand in hand, w00t!
The restaurant has a nice modern look.

The food was nice and charred, just the way I like.  

This is the first time I've had Persian/Iranian food so I can't comment on how authentic it was, but it was certainly tasty.  

Vegetarian Rating: 3/5 Had Some Options
Best Falafel Ive had around here. Falafel sandwich is excellent, but be sure to grab some of the hot sauce. Falafel plate is also really good, espically if you get it with 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice.
As some others have noted, it's just this side of over-priced.  I don't mind being overcharged so much, as long as I get something for it, and Falafel King does not deliver.  "Meh" really does fit the bill for a description.  The big chip things were, in my humble opinion, kind of disgusting, practically dripping in oil.  I suppose if I were really drunk (or really hungover) this kind of thing might be appealing.  The motto should be "Falafel King - You probably won't get sick from eating our food!"
Holy Lamb Shawarma I bow down to thee 

so the Stranger has had some damn good deals lately, in the Stranger Mart you get deals like $20 worth of food for $10, and who isn't down with free money ? or food as it may be so my baby ordered up the Shawarma King coupons, and I am oh so happy he did

This is a cool little joint nice and cozy and the staff were great also, we ordered the Lamb Shawarma, the Egyptian Foul (pronounced Full), a couple Dolmas (Grape Leave rolls ), I also got some Rice with Tzatziki Sauce on it , and there fresh squeezed Lemon Juice, Holy pucker power Bat Man this is some killer Lemon Aid and fresh too boot

oh yeah we will be back to try more of this good food out, now I don't know a lot about, Shawarmas other than I like them, the first one I had was from Hallava Falafel @ the Mobile Chow Down 3 and it was huge like Gyro Huge and yummy, now these are smaller and wrapped up in a thin wrapper like a burrito kinda, but so full of meat and flavor, I am kinda glad they were not huge like a Gyro, it was just enough to make my tummy happy, and leave me room to try the Egyptian Foul and Dolmas plus eat the rice I ordered

this is the first place in Seattle that i have seen the meat slowly warming  / roasting on a spit, that made me happy to know they meat isn't cooked on the grill and dried out like most places around Seattle

and the Dolmas Grape leaves filled with meat, and a dab of Tzatziki sauce on them, oh so tasty I could of ordered up like 10 of these and been happy
This is fast food done right! The quick and tasty middle eastern sandwiches, platters and fresh pastries are not to be missed. This is a family owned place and the owners really take pride in their business which has served the Morningside Heights community for years. Not to be missed - the shwarma sandwiches, birds nest pastries and Lebanese coffee, and a deliciously smokey babaghanoush which is out of this world.
The food is SO great here, the chicken is always cooked perfectly and is never dry, the kabobs are so tasty and the bakhlava is perfect. My boyfriend told me about this place, so whenever we are craving Iranian food this is the place to go.
The Middle East is a good venue to see bands where you knew the drummer before he got the tattoos.  Its a very relaxed, beer by the can, kind of atmosphere great for intimate shows.
The Middle East is still my favorite place to see a show in the Boston area. I've only been to the Downstairs, but I've seen many many shows there. Sound is good, bars are decent, and the place itself is very conducive to a rocking atmosphere.
The Middle East seems to be home to those bands that are just well known enough to outgrow T. T.  The Bear's (right next door), but not yet mainstream enough (no selling-out jabs here! no siree!) to book places like Paradise and Avalon.
Haven't had an unpleasant experience yet!

T info:
Red Line - Get off at the Central Square stop, and go 1 block south on Mass Ave., you can't miss it.
If their was an option to give this place NO STARS... I would! I came here last Saturday night and was beyond disappointed.  First we order our flavor hookah and a minute later the guy brings it out in an apple head... (an additional 4$ more)- problem was, we never ordered the apple head.  I attempted to try to tell the hookah man we didn't order that and he just started yelling at me in Arabic. (haha) NICE! So then we get our hookah, with the regular head- and the guy brings over 1/2 lit charcoal and stands there and glares at me. The whole 30 min I was there, just glaring... all because he made a mistake?... Maybe they just figured that would scam us like they scam all their customers into getting things they didn't order.  Once we get our check- we are charged for the hookah with an apple head... two teas and the total  is 33.50$... HAHA! After arguing AGAIN with the waiter, he finally realizes that he over charged us 6$ and throws a new check in our face. NEVER EVER coming back here again. RUDE service, RUDE Hookah men. CHEAP quality of hookahs. GROSS! NO thank you! There are so many other hookah places in LA and the Valley... this place is just disgusting.
So, I know what you're thinking. 

It would be pretty awesome to wake up miraculously fit/toned/tan with a check for 3 million dollars lying next to your coffee machine, which by the way happens to be dispensing liquid charisma, talent, and wit.

The doorbell rings and the mailman arrives, handing you a small package containing the keys to a brand new ferrari. Within said ferrari is your celebrity of choice, naked, except for the pile of diamonds in their lap.

Yeah, that would be nice. Aladdin's Falafel Corner is by far the second best thing. Im not shitting you. Go in there and order up a number 9. Receive it, made fresh, in a matter of minutes. Consume. Experience bliss.

No joke, this place is a food group for most UW students and District residents who aren't afraid to traverse the ave'. Additionally, they're open late. When bars close late. Added bonus.

In fact, I think I'm ready for a number 9 right about now...
(I've been going to Zankou since I was a kid so this might be a biased review.)

Zankou is one of my favorite restaurants because it is delicious and authentic. As an Armenian, I've eaten a lot of middle eastern food and I keep coming back to Zankou.

Get the shawerma, the plate will serve as two meals or is perfect to share. That's my favorite but I've tried everything on the menu and they are all equally as awesome. 

There is a reason Beck mentioned this restaurant in his song "Debra." 

Zankou for life.
something happened to this place. new owners? new recipes? new servers? i dunno. doubt i'll go back here. so sad :(
Most excellent food!!

I went here on a whim after spending some time at the U book store. I am a big fan of Mediterranean food, so I'm always up to try new restaurants as I find them.

Well this one was quite a little "hole in the wall" surprise. The food was outstanding and the service was fine too (granted I was only customer in at the time I was there).

My fave Mediterranean restaurant is "Mediterranean Kitchen", but this one runs a VERY CLOSE second (based on my 1 time there), but the prices are about half of what they are at the Mediterranean Kitchen.

Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
good place to hang!
Superb, very friendly service and good food. A manager, Kathy, could not have been nicer. We only had 3 appetizers, shrimp, eggplant & mac & briw. All were good and large portions. I spilled a water glass and staff was very kind and attentive. High recommendation
This is one of America's best breakfast joints.  

The food is awesome and always a little different, depending on what is on hand your homefries might come with extra broccoli or you might get a whole banana on the side.  They always use just the right amount of butter and oil to fry up the delights served here.  The coffee hits the spot, and the waitpersons are eager to bring water for those patrons parched from a night of drinking.  I strongly recommend trying the sausage, egg and cheese sandwich, even now, thousands of miles away, I can picture the buttered bread collapsing around the hot cheesy links and the delicious scrambled egg inside.  The eggs benedict is also real good, and sometimes I skip breakfast and go straight for the cheeseburger, which is actually a patty melt!

Service is a cut above most Cambridge restaurants.  They are pretty much run by one family, the children, polite and friendly serve and wash the dishes, the father, as many men now do, is in charge of cooking, and the matriarch runs the show.  She is very friendly, but as the boss she has no time for shenanigans or people keeping the door open when there is a blizzard outside.  They usually remember who you are too, depending on how busy it is, although that means you have to tell them you don't want 'the usual.'  

Location is lovely too, right in Cambridge's grit square and only steps from the red line it is easy to see why this place gets so busy on the weekends.  It is across the street from the Middle East and T.T. the Bears or whatever that place is called, and it is always fun to get one of the window booths and watch the different types of musical groups getting setup for the night ahead.  

The clientele is a more or less inoffensive cross-section of central square's rising star.  You might see more people you know than you'd expect for such a small place, but if any particularly unsavory characters from your past appears in the booth next to you, well take another bite of your sausage, egg and cheese sandwich and forget about them.  There must be quite a few harvard and mit students since the place was significantly less crowded when the students were out on break.  

Timing is the one thing that sucks about his place.  They don't open until 8:30am, so if you work, you can't eat there during the week.  On the weekends you'll never have to wait if you get there before 9:30 and usually after 12pm you are safe too, otherwise I have never waited more than 15 minutes for America's best breakfast.  

The art on the walls comes from Out of the Blue gallery, so if you like their work then you'll like this art.  My artistic friend who goes by the name "Herbert," gets very upset at what he views as the low-kitsch quality of the picture-rendered paintings and their high prices.  However, you will never find high prices on the menu.
I went here after a long cold day working outside and this was just what I needed!

The falafel was among the best I've had, and the fatoush was just fantastic. For that matter everything I tried from here was enough to make me want to go back again. 

Also, the prices are extremely cheap for the quality and the amount of food you receive. I wouldn't hesitate to go back again anytime, and look forward to my next Jerusalem Garden experience.
Loveeeeeeeeeee the garlic spread! I can smother it on anything. You must try their "Chicken kabob" or "Tri-tip kabob" plates. BOTH ARE DELICIOUSLY MARINATED and they give extra pita bread if you ask for it. They also have falafel wraps/plates for vegetarians just incase you want to bring any of your vegetarian friends.

Wraps are $4.99 and plates are $9.99. I really think one plate can feed 2 people so try not to over-estimate your appetite! Unless you're that hungry.....

Environment wise, the restaurant itself could use a little work. Not that it really matters but I would enjoy it a lot more if they remodeled the seating area.
The service here is lighting fast, as soon as you order, you get.  And none of it taste pre-made so I like that part.  The chicken shawerma reminds of of chicken with curry, except no sauce.  The a la cate items seems too much, so I always get the combo plate.  This is not a place that caters to the general mainstream, so if you like Greek/Mediterranean food, then I think it's a good bet you like this place.  I like eating the pita bread with the hummus and the garlic sauce, you can be afraid of breath odor after eating at this place, but then if you're a lover of garlic, I think you will like it.  
This is not a good place for groups.  We once had five people and it was difficult to find seating for us.  There is a heavy lunch rush, so don't think that it will be a safe bet to find seating from 12-1:30.  Everytime I came here I have seen a line of people waiting past the door to get their food.  I say that is a good sign of the quality of place.  
Conlcusion: it's cheap enough, get a combo plate and if you come here at lunch time, get it to go.  I've had the grape leaves here, very pricey.  I later bought a can of grape leaves at a small store and found that they both taste the same.  So that is another advantage of getting it to go.  I have been to Zankou Chicken and I don't think it's fair to compare them.  It's not an issue of whether one is better than the other, to me the type of food are served too differently to make a fair comparison.
I've only seen the Bosstones here, at least a half dozen times over the past years... I like the fact that it only holds a few hundred, making it for a more intimate show, but it gets VERY tight, especially on the floor.

This is where they lose stars... I was maybe 2-3 people back from the stage, and really getting my ass kicked, etc..... by the mass of dudes pushing their way forward to get their hands on Dickey or Ben.... so I saw an out, to my left where there is a railing and a small ramp /standing area... I literally pushed my way thru the crowd, under the railing, almost unscathed, when a security guard grabbed my arm and told me that I "couldn't be here"... I was still a little dizzy... and was like "HUH?!?!" He motioned me to go back under the railing, and back into the pit. So off I went, back in, to fight my way out again, only this time, not so lucky with the "gentlemen" on the floor.... Let's just say, if you're remotely atrractive, don't wear a cute (short) plaid mini to a show at the Middle East. Or if you do, stay off the floor. You'll be sexually assaulted otherwise. Fuc%ing punks.

I think my days of Hometown Throwdowns are done, I've been lucky for the past 10 years, but this show was my last...
I gave this place 2 stars because me and my friends ordered chicken shawerma, lamb shawerma, falafel pieces and sandwich, and hummus, The only good thing that was good was the falafel pieces they were the best in berkeley only. there is better in the bay area. but the falafel taste like the ones that are bought from a company because my aunt buys them for her deli and they taste the same. Plus My mom makes them better too. Anyways  the hummus taste like from the cans with lemon added on it. the lamb sawerma was dry and not fresh. the chicken shawerma, i would say okay but ive tasted better in berkeley. The only reason i went there was because lots of people wrote good review. I think the people who said shawerma sandwiches were good there, they probably never tasted athentic shawerma.
Falalfel and lamb sandwiches....so juicy! One of best and flavorful ones I've had! One man running the show. I
So yesterday I had a craving for some hummus and pita bread and my friend suggested this place. I knew something was off because this is a chain. I know what good hummus is, and there ain't any in chains like these. But I shrugged it off and let her lead me here. I chose the chicken kebab, to be safe, and she chose the shish kebab. After about 15 minutes of waiting our number was called. At least we know it's made to order, right? Naturally the first thing I wanted to try was the hummus. I peeled off a piece of the pita and swirled it in the hummus so that (what I hope was) the paprika and olive oil could be mixed in there. It wasn't the greatest tasting, I've gotta tell you. It was so acidic I've never tasted a hummus that displeasing. Maybe at a Daphne's Greek Cafe. The chicken was no different. It seemed too overly spiced as if they were trying to hide the fact that it wasn't chicken, but something completely different. Lighten up on the spices! The garlic butter, I don't know what the big fuss about it is. I got a small amount of that white paste on a piece of chicken. Ok, it's garlic, and? Have you not had garlic before or something? The texture is what turned me off. I ended up craving the garlic aioli from Oinkster's.
This place, wow. 

The food is extremely overpriced. And there is a bullshit gratuity for parties of two or more. WHAT THE FEEZY RIGHT????? This place is such bullshit. Stay away at all costs.
If you are looking for a huge succulent kabob that almost melts in your mouth, is big enough to take home for seconds (even thirds!), perfectly-cooked basmati rice, and accompanied with great ambiance in beautiful Pasadena then make a trip to Heidar Baba; I would definitely eat here every night if I had enough money.

I see others complaining about the appetizers; if you are coming to a Iranian restaurant then don't complain when they give you appetizers that an Iranian would eat.  I have numerous Iranian friends and when I've been fortunate enough to have dinner at their house they definitely eat this sort of thing.  Otherwise, go to In-N-Out for some Freedom Fries.

Complaints:
-Meatballs in Adas Polo could be juicier (like the kabobs)
-Prices on dishes other than kabobs are TOO HIGH which usually leads me to getting the same thing (kabobs) each time.
-Desserts are too small/expensive
I've been on something of a falafel quest in Boston after eating out Philadelphia's falafel scene and Moody's was my new falafel joint of the day. Unfortunately, Moody's falafel did not cut it. It was possibly the only thing worse than the Mass ave middle eastern truck falafel at MIT. It tasted like a flavorless vegan chicken nugget both in taste and in texture.  It had a sort of rubbery, elastic kind of texture and I'm guessing that if I had decided to throw it on the ground, it would have probably bounced back at me. 
In all honesty, I would say that Moody's falafel deserves less than one star, but I'm going to give it two since I have not tried the shwarma and the other non-falafel parts of their menu. Maybe it was just a bad day for them today or something, but to say the very least, Moody's failed to impress me. I will certainly not be going back.
Hard to find (or easy to miss) but worth a visit for sure. The food is great, the service is quick, and the prices are very reasonable. Brookline Lunch (located across the street from the downstairs entrance to The Middle East) is a total gem!
Love the Chicken Tarna plate.  Usually it's enough food for two meals, but today I was really hungry.  The line was long when I got there, but they have the system down and does move at a good pace.  I must have looked like I haven't eaten in a few days and enjoyed my chicken, hummus, garlic sauce, and pickled radishes.  Yum!  My friend was still eating her chicken when I was ready to go.  Sorry hun for being so hungry.
Value +excellent quality food = happy tummy. 

We trampled through the snow to grab a bite for dinner. my boy regailing me with tales of late night study sessions at MIT and running down here, or drunken stumbles here on the weekends. 

The place is just the right size, it's tiny and cozy and the incredible spice filled air wraps you up like a blanket. We got the veggie combo and the lamb shawarma. The rotating spit is filled with that delicious perfection the quick attentive service. delicious rice, fantastic falafel. great salad, great tabouli salad. mmm mouth watering. next time i'll get the wrap, i'm a sucker for pickles and hot sauce. this is a little gem.
4.5 stars

Long story short: Half way home, all I kept saying was "OMG that lamb was so freakin' good"

Long story long:

Yet another late night, after work find.  Again, some of you know I just recently started working at a restaurant out in West LA, and working primarily dinner service, I don't have much time to really eat a full meal while at work, so by the time I get off at 11 or 12, I'm pretty hungry.  After asking around, Felicia C. as well as someone else (both are Bruins) suggested this place because it is open until 2 AM.  One night after work, I decided to head over.

This place is actually on the edge of Westwood, about a block north of Whole Foods and a couple doors down from In N Out.

Walking in, this is a small store front.  In terms of seating, they have a small little bar with 3 stools along the window.  On one side of the counter is the register to order, and on the other end, the condiment bar with fresh chopped veggies and sauces.  Stuff like sliced cucumbers, tomato slices, red onion, cabbage, and hummus and other sauces.

Their 2 main things are pitas and wowshis.  A wowshi is basically a stuffed and baked pita.  I haven't had one or seen one, but maybe I'll give it a try one of these days.  As for the pitas, they have beef, chicken, steak, and lamb.  I LOVE lamb so I got that.  Instead of all the meat being pre-cooked, they fire all of the meat to order, so if you're in an uber rush, you could call ahead I suppose.  They put some sort of seasoning blend on it.  They also use a conveyor oven thing like they have at Quizno's (if you ever been) to heat up the pita, in which they proceed to cut a little opening on one end instead of just cutting it straight in half.

The fresh cooked lamb smelled good and I couldn't wait to dig in.  I loaded it up with cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes and some hummus.  I originally was going to enjoy it in the comfort of my car, but I couldn't wait and took a bite right then and there.  Holy BeJesus, did God just bless me with such deliciousness that was little bo sheep?  Just saying.  The lamb was tender, not gamey, and just really good.  Being freshly cooked really helps.

The guy helping me was nice enough.  He didn't seem like he just wanted to go home or copping an attitude, but he wasn't totally cheery either at 11:30 at night.  Whatever.  It is what it is (I've been saying that lately)

My only thing was that the $6.50 price tag (for the lamb, other meats are cheaper) is borderline questionable worth it.  I guess if anything, the fact that the meat is cooked fresh and everything is made to order kind of justifies the price.  FYI, they accept credit cards

I have been back since this first visit and I will continue to come back.
I've passed this place so many times. It's so insane how I bearly just started to dine here. I used to even attend the fine art's school right above this place for years. This place is great. The beef kabobs are killer. If you haven't tried it yet and are still debating just GO! the only regret you'll have going here is not going sooner!!
I've only had one item a sandwich which was more of a wrap, but the kebab was nicely seasoned and cooked very well.

Service: It's a small restaurant that also sells harder to find Middle Eastern goods. The workers are nice and its very low key and casual.

Food: The kabob was cooked perfectly for me. I like my meat medium rare, some people dont. It came out really nice and was fairly filling for me. It had a great smell and I love the yogurt sauce.

Price: It's priced cheaply, not very expensive. This place isn't fancy so its a good price. Better than tThe Kebab Shop

I'd comeback and its a great place to eat.
I'm torn on the Middle East.  I went to a great Cake concert a few years ago.  I've seen my friends' group Soulfege perform there.   My school took a field trip there and they told the kids all about middle eastern food while providing us with a spread.  It's owned by a cute little family.  All good stuff.

But then recently, the last two times I've been to the restaurant on the Corner, there is this mean ass waitress who is always giving me a hard time.  It's not that all their staff is mean.  There is this wonderful other lady there that I've never gotten as a waitress.  I keep getting this cranky ass lady.

Time 1:  Wouldn't let me order rice pudding at almost 11pm because "It's dinner time."  Grilled me about what I wanted to order until I got up and almost left.

Time 2:  Hounded my friends and I about ordering.  We got hummus and baba gonoush and a schwarma.  Anyway, the hummus and baba gonoush were not that flavorful.  Lots and lots of pita -- as much as you want -- but you might need to add spice to the spreads.

I wanted to order a beer but I didn't want to give her the satisfaction.  She rushed us several times, bullied and guilt-tripped us.   She tapped her watch and said "I need you to pay now because I have to leave".  She tried to get us to pay for everything before getting the dessert I order.  Bossiness != good tip.

Anyway, I wait for the pudding.  It comes.  She stands there and watches me.  The pudding looked like congealed oatmeal and had a strawberry on top and some other yummy looking fruit on the side.  I am reluctant to touch the pudding bc I know I don't want it.  I gently touch the top surface with my spoon.  The pudding barely moves.  I say, "it looks cold," and she says "Rice pudding is cold!"  I gently touch the pudding again and say "I don't know if it looks.. good." and she snatches back the pudding and the check and storms off.

She brings the check again and says, "Now you have to pay me -- I need to go pick up my daughter.."    So we pay and actually tip a little but not that much.

Basically, she seems to be in the family as she's a long time member of the staff, but she is uptight and mean for no reason.   If you don't like your clientele, don't be a freaking waitress.  Don't chide them on what they order, give them guilt trips, and be a freakin sourpuss jerk.  Don't make the Middle East look bad.
I keep coming back here for the Shawarma wraps and occasionally the falafels. The prices are inexpensive (great for college students), the location is great (right across the street from campus!), and the taste is delicious. The portions are kinda medium-smallish however, for my appetite. I have no idea how I missed this place for all the time I've been here.
I had a gyro, side salad and can of soda for $7+$1 tip=$8.

Eh, it was OK. The side salad was totally forgettable. The gyro was OK but there was not a lot of flavor. I couldn't get a side of hummus without ordering a ginormous hummus appetizer for about $5 or getting a hummus sandwich, which really does not qualify as a side of hummus. 

I'm not sure why all the Yelpers gave it such great reviews unless they have never had Mediterranean food before? Or maybe I should try some other items. People keep mentioning the price, but there is a Mediterranean place across the street with similar pricing that I like a little better.
Algiers, like a $5.99-jumper-two-sizes too big on sale at Urban Outfitters, I want and try so desperately to love you. I really do. You have a great spot right off Brattle Square and your brick exterior is charming. Your windowed 2nd floor brings promises of a prime spot to agonize over a paper while O.D.-ing on cups and pots of coffee and tea.

But like that jumper, no matter how I many times I try you on, I just can't seem to make you work for me. I've tried your coffee on several occasions and it was just genrally weak and flavorless. On the first attempt, I hopefully ordered your mint-flavored coffee to-go. I don't know what I was expecting, but I certainly didn't expect the barista to squeeze a shot of some radioactive-green supposedly-mint flavored coagulated syrup to the top of my cup, lidding it without even stirring or mixing the syrup in. On my first sip, I was greeted with a mouthful of that hulk-green slime. Eww. It wasn't strong and it tasted like some sort of herb, but it certainly wasn't mint and I will live a long and happy life if I don't have to taste that ever again. The other times I had to sit down at this establishment, I found the tables really sticky, even for a cafe. 

In terms of ambiance and audience, this place caters to an eclectic, strong hipster/european exchange student crowd. In other words, what you can generally expect from Harvard Square mix. It's great for students, but I once walked in in a suit (long story) and felt really conscious and out of place. 


For the price of the drinks here, I'd much rather go to Crema Cafe, Burdicks, or even Peet's around the street for a decent drink. One of the only reasons I come back is that you happen to be a prime meeting spot, mainly due to the fact that there are always seems to be an open table. Wonder of wonders.
Delicious shawarma plate :) Comes with an irresistible garlic butter sauce and a crisp mediterranian salad.
While this may not be my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant in town (that honor goes to the fantastic Pita Pita on Washtenaw), this place certainly ranks among the best. 

Yelp had mistakenly listed Jerusalem Garden as being open until 9:30, which resulted in me and the ol' ball and chain walking in there around 8:55, expecting to be seated. The host initially seemed miffed, but nonetheless led us to a small table in a cramped (but cute) room. The hours were posted on the menu, and much to my surprise, I realized they were closing at 9. My boyfriend and I decided to save them the trouble of dealing with our ravenous selves, so we got up, and attempted to leave. As we had one foot out the door and shouted that we were going to go so they could begin closing, the reply was a chorus of, "No, no! We want you to stay and enjoy our food!" Their seemingly genuine enthusiasm won us over, and we took a seat at a small bar area. That's when the fun REALLY began. 

I chose the chicken shawarma (with rice added on at an additional $.50 charge), and my date ordered the Kafta Kabob. Sadly, since we were catching them at the end of the day, they didn't have enough kafta left for a full-on sandwich. Lucky for us, the chef had a few pieces left over, and served it to us, along with a small sampling of their baba ghanouj.  And let me just say, those tasty bites really had my motor going for what was yet to come.

My chicken shawarma sandwich was completely unlike any other chicken shawarma sandwich I have had in the area. The chicken (which, I must mention, comes in huge, succulent pieces) is wrapped up with fresh tomatoes, pickles, and sweet peppers, along with a fantastic garlicky sauce. Holy mackerel, what a taste sensation! The sweet peppers complemented this sandwich perfectly, and I'm now unsure whether I'll be able to go back to a normal chicken shawarma wrap anywhere else. My boyfriend ended up getting a Beef Shish Kabob sandwich, which he mentioned (in between hurried, I-never-want-to-stop-eating-this bites) was great. This point was later confirmed when I took a bite of my own. 

When we were done with our sandwiches, one of the cooks, who had been entertaining us with a Rush sing-along, asked if we would like some dessert. When asked what the options were, he went and grabbed both rice pudding and and a magical dessert referred to as a "Burma Circle". To directly quote the menu, a Burma Circle is "pistachios wrapped in shredded wheat with simple syrup and a touch of lemon". Whoa, whoa, whoa... how can pistachios wrapped in shredded wheat taste so darn good? And wait just a second... did the cook just say that these delectable treats were ON THE HOUSE? How does one young Ann Arborite become so lucky?

This tiny restaurant deserves your immediate attention... it really packs a punch.
Horrible, incompetent service. My friend and I went to Talullas to catch up and have dinner. We ordered our dinner as well as drinks and an appetizer. The drinks and appetizer came quickly, but 45 mins later no food. Our waitress had to be hailed down to get her to come over and even acknowledge us. She gave us an excuse about the kitchen being backed up but clearly didn't seem to care that we had been waiting so long. Another 15 minutes go by and no food. I finally have to go to the kitchen to find any of the wait staff to tell them we are sick of waiting and are leaving. No one apologizes, and they actually told me I should go back to my seat and wait for them to bring me the bill, as if I haven't already wasted an hour waiting for them. Never going back there again.
After I got food poisoning from the undercooked Merguez sausage, I was going to take a picture of all the vomit bags that I filled and post them as a picture of the restaurant.

Instead, I lay in bed recovering for three days, and I had to move the vomit bags because they reminded me too much of the food at this shitbox cafe.

I hope this place burns to the ground.

When I went for lunch, the place was clearly understaffed -- the owner worked the register and the kitchen simultaneously, while yelling on the phone at his employee to get to work immediately. I felt sympathy for him: poor guy, he has to do all that work by himself.

I hope the mosquitoes that fly around this place carry malaria and kill him.

I ordered the Merguez sausage sandwich -- it looked delicious in the advertisement on the wall, petite and brown and spicy! The owner shuffled between the kitchen and the register in a hurry, eager to take my $7.99 and the money of all the other customers waiting and quickly churn out food, uncaring of whether it was prepared to sanitation standards.

I hope that the owner contracts polio.

I waited for THIRTY MINUTES for my Merguez sausage, enduring an episode of "Two And A Half Men" playing at an unignorably loud volume from the TV. It was an episode about feeling obligated to spend the night at a woman's place. After watching that hackneyed plot, I never wanted to kill myself so bad--until later that night when I simultaneously shit and vomited for seven hours straight.

I hope that the owner slips on hummos and breaks his hip.

Finally, I got my Merguez sausage sandwich. The sausages were big and red, like shitty Ballpark franks. They looked nothing like the picture. Oh well, I thought, I'll spare this saintly, hardworking owner my criticism. I should accept more things in my life. That was my New Year's Resolution: when life gives you lemons...

I hope that the next time the owner squeezes a lemon, it gets in his eyes.

I ate half of this shitty, mediocre Merguez sausage, and threw the rest away. It was inedible. Lest anyone tries to make the argument that I may have gotten food-poisoning from something else, I ate nothing else for the rest of the day except a donut (to get the taste of Merguez bullshit out of my mouth) and some carrots (to repent for eating nothing but Merguez sausage and donuts all day), when around 8:30, it began.

I vomited. No biggie. Just an average, "I'm a little nauseous" vomit. I had my shirt off, because that's what I do when I vomit, and I looked in the mirror and noticed something funny: my stomach was distended like a starving child. Strange.

I left to go run some errands, and when I came back, I felt a gurgling in my stomach, and, between that moment and 3:30 am, I was little more than an animal, helplessly and dirtily shuffling between my bed and my toilet, spraying Merguez liquid from my various orifices. I think that the only normal bodily function that would have come out of me was pee, but my body devoted all of its liquid to my lower intestines, so I wouldn't know.

I literally prayed to Jesus Christ to save me from the Hell I was in. I'm an atheist, and this Merguez sausage made me pray to Jesus Christ. Maybe some people reading this review will run out and invest in Merguez sausage botulism wraps for their heathen friends, but believe me, fellow humans: no matter what you believe in, the food poisoning you get from this place will make you doubt.

I'm leaving this review up until the owner posts pictures of himself eating the same undercooked Merguez sausage that gave me food poisoning.

With all that said, given the scarcity of reasonably priced and fresh-tasting food around central Los Angeles, I give it three stars.
Place is OK.  Very low levels of customer service and the service is SLOW.  But the food is good.  I like the hot sauce
Zankou is good, but for the price, i would have to pass. There are plenty of better places to go. Gaby's is way better.
Superb value here.  The plates -- a signature item with rice and syrian salad -- are especially good for the money.

I think the falafel sandwich gets a lot out of being pressed here.  I also liked the addition of pickles, a nice touch.

The chicken shawarma was dry on several occasions; I'd go with the kebab, which is made to order (call ahead to save time, if you like). 

The hot sauce can be wickedly, gloriously hot - I think its a wonderful friend to have at your side when eating what Moody serves up, especially when some items (baba, shawarma, spinach pie) just taste weird.
um...wow 
The best falafel sandwich for $5 in berkeley. I just get the regular falafel sandwich...they split the sandwich into 2 parts so I get to enjoy my one-of-a-kind sandwich eating experience twice!
Really fresh and crisp and warm and amazing falalalalalalafel.
This has been one of my favorite restaurants since 2010. While the gryo's and falafel sandwiches are incredible the main attraction for me is the humus which is homemade. 

I recently purchased a gyro and noticed that it was very different than before - the pita didn't fall apart after my 15 minute walk home and it was not dripping everywhere. I went back the next day and the owner told me that he recently decided to dry the meat a little and reduce the cucumber sauce.

The new sandwich is great! Its enough sauce that each bite is mixed with a blend of the hot pepper sauce and the cool yogurt. It i also awesome to not need a fork or kill a tree in napkins per sandwich!
Very clean restaurant and their food is amazing. Perfect for a quick lunch
Tasty falafel, fresh greens, and great service make this shop a weekly stop on my trips to Columbia. It is great for lunch or a light dinner. Simple, affordable, and good. If you want a sit-down, multi-course Lebanese dinner...    maybe you should look for the appropriate restaurant instead of complaining about this great little falafel joint.
I absolutely love Tom's! I've been coming here for years, ever since I discovered that the little pre-made wraps at Whole Foods were actually made in Austin! I rolled up to the address listed on the wrap label, and one of the first things I saw was a sign that said "We speak vegan"- I knew I was in the right place.

My favorite thing to get is actually not falafel or hummus like you would expect- it's the spicy thai tofu wrap! My regular order has evolved from the thai tofu wrap into the thai salad with tofu, which is pretty much the same thing as the wrap (minus the pita). This, and a side order of their hand-cut fries is one of my favorite vegan meals in Austin. Those fries are my favorite fries in Austin, hands down. 

I love the space, too! They've started doing live music and more community activities, which is always good! It livens the place up a lot!
Four stars for the food - yummy chicken kebabs with a great rice/lentil side.  Minus a star for a bunch of minor inconveniences, like not being able to get exactly the right combination of mains and sides, spending 10 bucks on lunch, waiting 10 minutes for said lunch, and the cucumbers in my cucumber and tomato salad being kind of mushy.  But it's a great change from the smart alecs - hummingbird - stuffed inn triangle I've been stuck in recently.
It's meat and veggies - on a STICK!

OK - the concept at Stixs is... wait, can you guess... yes - Skewers!  It's about 75 different variations on shish kabobs. Although, none of these options are actual shish kabobs as best I can tell.  The menu, while daunting in its myriad selections is based around getting 1 or 2 Skewers with your choice of meat (chicken, beef, pork, salmon, prawns, sausage) or for the vegetarians - veggies, seitan or tofu, served with a side order. The veggies and side order on any given dish vary depending on the meat and "ethnicity". The ethnicities are  divided into Salads, American (BBQ, Cajun), Pacific (Thai, Asian, Hawaian), Mediterranean (Greek, Spanish, Italian),  and Best of the Rest (Argentinian, Jamaican, Mexican).

After some initial confusion - trying to figure out the menu, - I ordered 2 skewers of the Argentina Chimicurri (seasoned with parsley, cliantro and garlic) which is served with mashed potatoes. I went for one chicken (with red onion, green bell pepper and yellow squash) and one beef (with yellow onion, red potato and mushroom).  My dining compatriots tried the Jamaican Jerk and a Texas Salad.

So apparently some menu listed ingredients are optional or changeable (or perhaps the kitchen isn't quite dialed in yet) because I got some broccoli instead of mushrooms and my friend had blue cheese on her salad instead of queso blanco.  No big deal in the end because most everything was tasty.

When the food arrived, we determined my friend with the salad had won the ordering contest. The salad is a huge plate of greens and whatnot - with a skewer on top. Lots more food than the other plates, at roughly the same cost.  On my dish - the meat and veggies were very tasty, but they could have used just a little more of the chimicurri sauce to emphasize that flavor.  The mashed potatoes were outstanding.  My friend with the Jerk Chicken was disappointed as his chicken - it was not Jerky at all.   Pretty flavorless actually.   Overall - the Texas Salad won the day - mixed greens with roasted pecans, blue cheese, marinated black eyed peas, cucumbers and a light creamy chile dressing. Dang Tasty. We all helped finish it off.

Prices here are in the $6-9 range. One skewer is around $6.25, two skewers for around $8.50 (depending on meat choice). As mentioned salads are the same price as the entree plates - so a good value there.

Interior decor of the restaurant is nice, modern and slightly classy. Service is the Order-at-the-counter-and-they-bring-your-food-to-your-table variety. The servers were perhaps overly helpful in offering to get refills on our drinks, etc.  I get confused at these order-up-front places as I expect I should get my own drink refills in that situation.

Stixs is located in the same block of Guadalupe as Madam Mams. There appears to be limited parking behind the restaurant off San Antonio St. but only about 5-6 spaces. Otherwise you're left hunting for West Campus street parking or hitting the nearby garage.

In the end I'm still a bit confused by this skewer concept. Overall the food was quite tasty - but didn't quite feel like 4 stars.  A solid 3.5 perhaps?  I wonder how these folks with fare on the Drag.
There are two Aladdins, one at 41st and University (yuck) and this one, at 44th and University.  Same owner, different chefs and recipes.  This one has a special sauce to die for.  It comes on the gyros.  Also the hummus, baba ghannouj, and tabouleh are unique and never boring.  Unusual picks are fuul (chickpeas in broth with feta and hot peppers) and chicken shawarma.  There is barely anywhere to sit, so stop by for lunch and don't bring your date or your kids.  It's not the cleanest place ever built, and there's nothing beautiful about the decor.  Come for the food and let your taste buds party.
I decided to try this place after walking to class from work. Being a small, Lebanese-owned, Ave, hole-in-the-wall restaurant, I was warmly welcomed by the restaurant owner himself as he fixed me up a (halal, and he assured me it was halal) lamb and beef gyro with extra spicy sauce and no onions. It was nice to have gone back a second time a few days later, with the owner remembering what I liked to order. Since then, he has remembered my "regular" order. Shows off some of that good-old old-school personal customer servicemanship!

Food is delicious, prices are broke-college-kid-friendly, and service is as personal and friendly as I would imagine one to find from a small town vendor in Lebanon.
Delicious food, awful service. It takes forever to get your food and the atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired. I do crave their hummus, though... Don't go if you don't have a lot of time.
Good food. I especially like the shwarma wrap and the roasted chicken wrap. It's a little pricey but it tastes fresh and healthy. The wraps are available quickly; the kebab's take like 10-20 mins to make.
This place was great a few months ago but has since gone down hill.  The prices went up and some (not all) of the portions went down.  We ordered tahdig and there was hardly any sauce on it.  The chicken was drier than dry.  I've been here many times before and was an initial fan but after tonight's visit...not so much.  Won't go there again.  BTW - I think they forgot to turn the a/c on because we were melting in there.
There's a reason that there's a line out the door all the way to Liberty St. on the first beautiful day of spring. It's because everyone who knows what's up in Ann Arbor goes to Jerusalem Garden to sit on the patio and enjoy the most magical Middle Eastern food in town. 

The JG menu looks like most other Middle Eastern restaurants, but everything I've ordered there is consistently excellent. The lentil soup is particularly good- always the perfect consistency and delicately seasoned. It could be a meal in itself with some pita bread. The falafel is another favorite of mine- it has TONS of flavor and they serve you a lot of it! 

Unlike the Earthen Jar next door, the interior of JG is a fairly pleasant place to dine, even on a date. The restaurant and especially the entrance hall can be really cramped at peak dinner hours and on busy days like football Saturdays or commencement weekend. But never fear, the food doesn't lose any of its magic if you choose to take-out and avoid the crowd.
East Side Pockets was recommended by the girl who does my hair. She seems to know what she's talking about and I trust her opinion. Since today was such a nice day out I decided to walk up to Thayer and try this place out. She recommended that I try the combo pocket with falafel and chicken... with everything on it. I must say... she was right. I've never tasted such good falafel. Everything about it was delightful. While this place was extremely busy when I went it, they were efficient and got through the line relatively quickly. I will, without a doubt, be back many times. Great food.
LOVE this place!!

I used to come here during lunch when I was working across the street. My usual, the chicken shawerma wrap, is only $5. So cheap! A plate (beef, chicken, lamb kabob) with rice, pita bread, and greek salad, is around $7.50. Seriously the best marinated meats I have ever eaten! This place is like a fast food place. Come here either before 11:30am, or after 1pm, to get a seat. Otherwise,  you'll have to take it to go because it's super crowded. You get your food super fast - literally 30 seconds to 1 minute right after you order.

Minus 1 star because it gets crowded between 11:30am to 1pm. I'd recommend walking here if you come during those times. Parking is a hassle because the lot is small, and you usually have to pay for the meter. Sometimes, there is free parking if you're only going to stay less than 10 minutes.

Owners are super nice and are definitely super rich. I wish I owned this place!
good food but damn r they mean there ...they must all hate there lives they had such a big attitude that i almost ended up knocking out the mexican with the long hair ..... i give there business another 1 or 2 semesters before they go down im almost 100 %  sure there gonnna go  out of business
This mom & pop Persian restaurant cum specialty grocery store bills itself as "The House of Skewered Kabobs." 

Let's start with the store. It's small, but full of exotic ingredients: several kinds of feta cheese and yogurt drinks, lavash bread, orange blossom jam and preserves of other fruit like kumquat, Middle Eastern spices and baked goods, to name a few. Definitely stuff you won't find in conventional supermarkets. I came for dinner but left with a bag full of hard-to-find groceries.

Now onto the restaurant: They prepare modest but flavorful portions of beef, chicken and fish to order on the grill and combine them in an attractive way with healthy amounts of salad and basmati rice on a plastic dish. These plates come with a side of amazingly tasty yogurt sauce. 

Unfortunately, vegetarians will find little beyond the rice and salad, but omnivores will enjoy the Entrees of the Day. Tuesdays stand out for the Fesenjan - chicken walnut pomegranate stew. This was so delicious I bought some pomegranate nectar off the store shelves to make the dish  at home someday soon. One more thing -- you can upgrade your side of plain rice to very yummy herb rice or lentil rice.
Please note, my review pertains to the downstars club. 

I went here to see m83 perform and absolutely loved the space. Even though the show sold out, there was plenty of room to walk around in the back. They have bars that are easily accesible to you in the music club and the beer is cheap (less than $5).... For being a relatively small club, they tend to get some great indie music acts that come through on tour...  Probably because of it's close proximity to a bunch of local universities. 

This is a great place to watch one of your fave bands. Because the music club is in the basement of the building, you might want to bring ear plugs if you have sensitive hearing.. It gets ridiculously loud down there!
It's still amazing after going about once a week since my first visit. I'm just not sure why anyone would give it 4 stars!! its 5 for sure!!

I can't stay away! I love the Shawarma King!
okay, i can only give it 4 stars because i was not physically present in the restaurant. we decided it was easier if someone brought all the food back to the apt for us to share. but the food alone is FIVE STARS!
so we got pita, three whole chickens, tri-tip. and it came with the garlic butter (THIS ALONE IS FIVE STARS) and the hummus and the bright fuschia pickled radish/tomato thing.
yes, the chicken is a little greasy, but when you mix the pita and the chicken and the hummus and the garlic butter. it is sooo good. and if you feel too greasy, then eat some of the pickled radish and tomato to refresh your palette.
the pita is kind of thick, so i like to peel my pieces in half so it's thinner and then make my chicken "taco" mix. at the end, i was just dipping the pita into the garlic butter and eating it.
i wish i could buy that garlic butter and just put it on EVERYTHING....
next time, when i do go inside, i think i shall buy extra packets of butter so i can eat it for the week.
Always fast, economical, and tasty!!  Love the hummous and baba ganoug, but the falafel sandwich is my stand by favorite.
When I went here as a first-year once, the workers seemed cranky and grumped at me. So I didn't return until the middle of my fourth year, when I had a craving for lentil soup, and the service seems to have gotten better. Or I just don't care as much anymore. In any case, I think the lentil soup + large pita bread is a great deal! It's cheap and filling and delicious. =d

Minus one star because, as with a Yelper below, my order often gets backlogged, and they will prepare orders for people they seem to like more before mine... even if they placed their orders much later than I did. Grumble, grumble...
This is one of the few college students hangouts that is actually amazing!

This is THE perfect falafel. It's packed with veggies and falafel balls with a touch of hot sauce to boot. And it all tastes so fresh and amazing. Sure I've probably said that for other falafels, but no others have ever gotten 5 stars from me. And while I can't put my finger on what makes this stand out amongst the rest of the falafels I've eaten, it's a good excuse for you to try for yourself.
For the price, you get a good sized portion amount of food. I shared the chicken shawarma with a friend and we were both really full after our meal. The garlic spread was tasty. My only complaint is that I wish the meal came with more pita bread! 25 cents for extra pita bread is not bad though. I'll probably recommend this place the next time someone asks me about a good Mediterranean restaurant.
A friend dragged me here with the warning that the service was pokey but it had good coffee... Well it turned out the service was fine, and I didn't even have coffee.

I ordered the falafel platter with fries. Really really good. Fries were decent, and the salad was edible (unusual for a side salad shoved onto a dinner plate). 

My friend ordered the hummus app and it was great, and the pitas were super fresh and good.

We opted for the outdoor seating, which was a little cramped but perfect for a sunny autumn Sunday.
French Fry World Tour Stop #3

Okay, everybody and their mom knows about the Middle East, and it's probably a little counterintuitive of me to insist that you go to a restaurant/club specializing in Lebanese-style food and rock music, and order french fries that almost certainly arrived frozen in a 10-lb bag, but stay with me.

Here, you order fries because you've also ordered whipped garlic, a not-for-the-fainthearted side dish that is made up of raw garlic and olive oil (at about a 6:1 ratio by volume) blended to the consistency of mayo. Yes, RAW. This stuff is No Joke, the NBA to River Gods' JV-squad garlic aioli. You will not only reek of garlic all night, you'll be able to smell it on your body the next morning. I grew up in a family where the rule of thumb when cooking from recipes was to double the garlic called for, and throw in one extra clove for good measure. This meant meals for three that often contained entire heads of garlic, so when I say that the whipped garlic at the Middle East is the most garlicky thing I've ever eaten, I want you to understand that I do not mess around when it comes to this stuff. If the above sounds horrifying, I understand. Move on down to World Tour Stop #4, no harm no foul.

If you do go for it, they'll serve it to you with a good-sized basket of pita, which you'll take home to eat with hummus, because you do not waste food, and a plate of fries, ordered separately, which are the perfect vehicle for garlic insanity. The serving size may look small, relative to a big plate of fries, but you won't need much. Bog-standard unspectacular fries are exactly what's called for here, and that's what you'll get. you mostly just need something to serve as a delivery mechanism for the Insane Garlic Onslaught. Maybe with a little salt, if that's how you roll. Definitely with a beer, though the garlic's gonna do a number on your taste buds that make hoppier choices kind of murderous.

If I go to a show at the Middle East, I order fries and whipped garlic for myself as dinner, and NOBODY GETS TO HAVE ANY. I'm usually pretty cool about sharing food, especially snacky stuff, but KEEP YOUR DAMN HANDS OFF. It's actually a little too much to eat all at once, so I do recommend sharing (especially if you are dining with a companion who will have to, say, share a bed with you that night), I'm just selfish.

Thus:
**** Serving Size
**** Condiment Novelty (Must be ordered separately.)
*** French Fry Fortitude
** Quality Control
the order.
ground beef kabob
steak kabob
chicken kabob
eggplant and yogurt

i didn't get the pre-made meat that was on the front counter though the guy offered me samples of the lamb and beef mix and chicken. both tasted alright and if i had gotten that i would have probably given this place a 3 stars. but i opted for the freshly made, cooked to order kabobs which, for the price and quality, definitely deserve the 4 stars. i will say the chicken kabob was my least favorite but that's just because the chicken wasn't as boldly seasoned as i expected- i was expecting something along the lines of tandoori.
the ground beef kabob which some other places call koubideh was well seasoned but it didn't explode in my mouth. ground meat is always hard just because i never know what cuts of meat they use and it makes a big difference for the end flavor.
the steak kabob however was a winner. it was a juicy cut that i could easily have three sticks of- on a fat day that is. go for this kabob on your lunch break.

and i recommend the eggplant and yogurt as a side to eat with the pita bread. you'll find it an interesting alternative to hummus.

for middle eastern fare, i'd say this place blows bella pita out of the water.
I was a little thrown off they didn't have gyros. The meat of the gyro is actually ground beef and lamb which is actually poorer quality than their beef or lamb wraps! I went for the beef wrap and it was great. It's marinated correctly. Then the next time I got the beef plate but added a pita and was able to make 2 beef wraps with one meal. The plate is a much better deal since you basically get a bit more beef, rice, salad and hummus. Don't forget to add on the tzatziki! I can drink that stuff. I CAN and DO.
Just went here today, and I have to say that my previous complaints have been addressed. The meat portions have nearly doubled and they now serve you on nice plates with silverware! Still, it is a bit pricey, but you won't find Persian food like this anywhere else in San Diego. Go Hushang!
I ordered a falafel wrap. It was huge and cheap ($4.50). The pita bread that it was served in did not have that chemical taste which is common in store-bought bread. All of the Ingredients were very fresh and tasty. I plan to come back often.
We've had dinner here a number of times and have always found the food to be very good! It's relatively inexpensive, and for Boston, one of the more authentic Lebanese/Mid-eastern restaurants. The spicy potatoes are great, and shawarma plates and sandwiches are excellent!
Delicious!!!! Best falafel! I have been here a few times, and tried almost everything on the menu (it's a pretty small selection). The inside isn't fancy, and I wouldn't recommend it for the ambience, but they make a mean falafel and their meat tastes great, too.  My favorite was the pita sandwich...UNTIL I tried the "Vegetarian favorite".  It's meatless, obviously, but incredible because you can actually taste the individual flavors of everything.  It still comes with a few pitas, falafels and the usual pickled vegetable (what is that anyway? lol) and their amazing chips, but you also get to choose five sides.  They aren't labeled, so you have to ask what they all are, but everything is incredible- lots of hummus dips, artichoke based sauces, mushrooms, tomatoes, yogurt sauce with cucumbers, and plenty of other vegetable dips and combos. It's only $8.95 and huge! So perfect for a big appetite, sharing, or to save for left overs!  

Another side note- it's right next to the 2 hour free parking lot and all the movie theaters.
Really?  4-stars?  Really?

Well, I guess I'm just one off but I feel like 4-stars commands a certain level of quality which this place does not have.  I guess decency is relative, and considering that it is in Cambridge, 4 stars makes a bit more sense.  There goes my backhanded compliment.

It's good middle eastern food but nothing out of the ordinary.  I feel like I've had better from take out joints, esp in San Francisco.  I was accompanied by 6 ppl and with 6 different dishes, was surprised to say that my chicken shwarma sandwich was the "best."  sad.  And their free pita?  not even worth a second bite.  sad considering this is a MIDDLE EASTERN PLACE.  

It's a nice place to hang out for its "hip" scene but it's not a place I would go out of my way for!
ZuZu is much better as a nightlife option than a top dining choice. 

I've lived in the area for many years, and have come to ZuZu for various indie/electro/soul dance nights and have had a great time in this tiny little venue, but never paid more than just the door or drinks.

I just recently ate here with a $20 for $40 worth of food via Groupon (great deal!), and now I'm generally feeling okay that I normally don't come here for food. 

We were served by a waitress who seemed generally too old for a younger, hip venue like the rest of the patrons. She seemed like a matron or owner, perhaps, or maybe someone's wife that lost her job and was offered this one as perhaps a pity part time job, because I detected an air of resentment of being a waitress. For example, she messed up the standard "order drinks first, look at the dinner menu with your drinks" - in fact, she took our drink menu without asking us if we'd like to order drinks even - no apology for screwing it up either - at least we weren't carded when we had to re-requesting the drink menu back.

The food? Okay. I'd rather seek out middle eastern or tapas elsewhere, though, if I'm just looking for dinner.
If you are in need of a delicious lunch or dinner in 5 minutes or less, MedCafe is a great choice. Family owned business. Friendly staff. Small menu. VERY VERY FAST SERVICE. Delicious food! Everything is reasonably priced for what you get. Good place for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike.

Open for lunch and dinner Mon-Fri and lunch on Sat. Get there early on weekday nights since they close at ~7pm.  FYI, they also usually close for ~ a month during the summer around June or July, bummer.

Favorite items:
Chicken Shawerma (I usually get the plate, wraps good too)
Stuffed grape leaves
Fallafel plate
Aranchiatta drink (like orange soda, but better)
MOUTH WATERING FOOD, mmhmm.

CHICKEN TARNA WRAP, wow.

I live a few steps from this place, but I refrain from going too much to keep myself from becoming "tired" of it. But here I find myself, sitting here wondering... Can you ever really get tired of Zankou?

Initially, slightly pricey, and the serving looks a bit small. But at the end, it's worth every penny, and you're left quite satisfied.

There's really not much to say, JUST GO HAVE SOME! If you haven't yet, you are realllly missing out.

Missing star:
- Parking sucks
- Employees... Are bitches.

But I put all that aside, because the food is THAT great.
* Disclaimer: The owner told me that the location was bought out and that they were moving down the street. There will be another place making chinese food starting tomorrow. He assured me that they will be re-opened within 3 days.

Food: Awesome! I ordered the mixed kabob plate. He only had beef and chicken on hand because he was reducing inventory, but I got 2 beef kabaobs instead of a lamb and it was delicious! The $10 plate came with delicious couscous, a salad, and hummus. I even got a coke for free cause I'm a student. Score! 

Price: Reasonable. The menu ranged from $4-$10. 

Ambiance: Could use work here. Who knows what it'll end up being for the second iteration...The people, like mentioned previous, a mix of muslims and students. I was studying military strategy so I thought someone was gonna come and accost me, but nothing of the sort happened. Being in Atlanta I was also kind of afraid of red-neck hicks driving by and throwing flaming bricks at me, as I was sitting near the window...but that might just be me being prejudiced and paranoid. Nothing of the sort happened and I finished my meal in peace.

Service: The owner told me to sit down and he'd get me when the food was done, and I'd pay then. I sat down, did some work, and soon enough the delicious food came out. A Michael Jackson tribute was playing on the cold school projection big screen tv tuned to VH-1. I didn't mind that at all. 

Would I Come back? Hell yeah! As soon as they open the store down the street I'll be back.
Reduce, reuse, and recycle and lavash bread.  It was the bread that saved this place from a 2 star.

Apparently, this place used to have its own market area selling groceries and spices and stuff, but they decided to reduce its options to just a restaurant.  I went there at a pretty late time, and by the end, I saw the guys saran wrap the big kabob meat.  It's good to reuse for leftovers, but I hope that they don't use the same meat the next day for customers.  Sure, the yogurt sauce is pretty tasty, but they recycle it in many of their dishes.  The yogurt sauce they serve with the lavash bread is the same as the sauce they hide underneath the meat in iskender kabob.  It even tastes like the aryan yogurt drink uses the same thing too (except with more salt).  If you're expecting the aryan to taste like lassi, you're thinking of a different country (hint: India).  If you don't like salty drinks, don't get this.  I've tried this drink before in Singapore, and I thought I was open minded enough to like it, but I couldn't finish it.

The adana kabob was not what I expected.  It really just tasted like an above average meat loaf.  But accounting for the fact that the average meat loaf taste is skewed to the right (where the x axis represents taste), this is not saying much.  If you understood that, high five!  You're a nerd.  The iskender kabob was also not that great.  In general, the food was not hot (temperature wise) and didn't taste that fresh.  The rice was undercooked and this is a big no no, although, not many places in Albany makes good rice.  It took them a while to bring the food out, so I wondered what took them so long.  I'm thinking all they did to the food was barely heat it up.  For the price we paid (it was about $10 each for the kabob), it wasn't worth it.  I've had kabobs in Singapore for $3 and they are AMAZING.  Maybe I should start lowering my expectations.  Maybe Singapore is to blame for my high standards for good food.

Either way, I agree with everyone that the lavash bread is delicious.  They also do take-out so that's nice.  It recognizes itself as a gourmet place, but I wouldn't take it that far.  I would only go as far to say that Ali Baba found the cave that only had one golden goblet marked "lavish."  But this place has won consecutive awards in the capital region since 2002, so in Albany standards, I guess it's worth checking out.
I have to give Tom's five stars because there is nowhere, nowhere else in Austin with falafel this good. Seriously people. Maybe you've had falafel in the past and were thinking. "What is this dry, gritty sh*t in my pita?" Well, not here my friends. Tom's falafel is delicious, crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside, and plentiful. Not to mention downright cheap! If you add the facts that the staff are friendly (Tom himself manages to remember me and my family even after long absences)  , there is hibiscus-mint iced tea, and you can grab a square of delicious homemade fudge to top it all off, you just can't go wrong here. Now, if only I could get my three year old to agree with me...
Really good quick inexpensive food. Ideal for lunch.
Barf.
The Tarna here is just a must.  I have to get my fix and since this is close to the Comic Factory, I have a perfect reason to make a night of it.  

The service is great and the people are friendly.  There is no Dr. Pepper, but I guess I can forgive them that since the hummus is awesome.  And I agree with an earlier review... gotta have the garlic butter....mmmmmmmmm.
Oh Zankou Chicken... How I miss thee!  Everytime I yearn for something garlic-ky, I think of Zankou.  Where else can you find a whole chicken with pita bread and garlic sauce for only $9.99?  Moist chicken that falls right off the bone, along with the crispy skin.  Crispy pita bread to house the yummy chicken and the garlic sauce just makes me want coming back for more and more.. just can't have enough of their GARLIC SAUCE...  As full as I might be before coming to the restaurant, I always find myself being able to finish least half a chicken before I leave...  it's just that GOOD!
Go here for: half dozen felafels. It's not the most amazing falafels ever, but for ~2.75 + tax, it is priced right and near campus that it is a really convenient snack to grab on your way to class.

I usually only get felafels because I find most middle eastern food overpriced, but review for the felafel: It tends to be too dry, especially the outside. I appreciate that it's crispy but it can go down a little hard because it is too dry. I would compare it to eating undercooked rice. So taste, is okay, but it's too dry.
Fortunately, I've never had a problem with service here.
It's delicious, affordable Middle-Eastern  food in a fairly no-frills location.  Large portions and the perfect amounts of spice. 

However, for some reason they have pictures of their food on the menu. These photos do their food no justice whatsoever. I assure you it's far more appealing looking in real-life than the menu might have you believe.

If I lived a little close, I'd go here all the time.
Not a big fan of Zankou.  I find their chicken shawerma is on the fatty side and their baba ghanoush tasted watered down and bitter.  The garlic sauce is decent though.  

I haven't had any of their full chickens, but I have not been impressed with their beef and chicken shawerma plates.  Mediterranean Cafe in Pasadena is much better.
The first time I went here, I think I was a little overwhelmed by all the new flavors. It was good, tasty food, but being something I never really had, it scared me a bit. When I finally built up the courage to go back again, I fell in love.

Now I'm a guy who loves toppings, and ESP has just that. Hummus, hot sauce, tabbouleh, veggies... yummy! I change up the choice of meat each time I go, but I always get a pocket with everything on it. While each ingredient is still distinct and flavorful, they meld together wonderfully without towering over one another.

Definitely worth a try!
I miss this place (I now live in Boston, MA but went to college in Providence).  Their falafel was a great standby, and their spinach wraps and chicken Caesar wraps were also amazing.  The lines got a little ridiculous at peak hours, but they are super-efficient and the wait was never unreasonable.  Love it.
The chicken kebab plate is so good!  I thought the chicken was going to be dry because it was all white meat but nope, it was so juicy and tender!  The plate comes with rice, hummus, garlic paste, salad and a pita bread.  The pita bread would've tasted better if it was warm.  The garlic paste goes really well with the chicken and pita.  It will make your breathe stink but its so damn good.  If you don't like waiting long for your food, then come here.  The food comes out so quick.  It's ready even before you are done paying!  

Plenty of free parking right outside!
The food and coffee are fine--can be quite good!--but I have a few nagging problems with Algiers:

1. The service.  I don't mind slow service; I often come here BECAUSE of the slow service.  This way I can order only one drink and sit there three hours just because getting the check can take 30 minutes.  However, if you find you need to leave, it can be difficult getting anyone's attention. 
 
2. It's expensive.  I've always liked the things I've ordered, but, really, I think it's something like $3.50 for toast.  Really?  You've gotta be shitting me.

3. It's effing cold upstairs!!  Don't sit at the table next to the elevator thing.  There's a constant breeze coming through the bottom and your feet will be two blocks of ice by the time they finally bring you the check and you can leave. 

Besides all this, I like Algiers.  It's cute and a welcome break from study-type cafes where you're surrounded by people pounding away on their laptops.
My husband and I really like this place for a relaxed, inexpensive date night. The wait staff is friendly and relaxed. The Vegetarian PuPu platter is enough for a meal for the two of us but we often indulge further in the potato puffs or the feta & tomato salad. I also highly recommend the Moscow mules...which are a bargain at $6.
This place serves a pretty darn amazing falafel sandwich. The line is always about 20 feet out the door and these guys get people in and out super fast. 

I must say, though, they weren't the friendliest bunch in the world. I was asking what all the sauces were, and they seemed slightly annoyed and pissed off. Despite that, though, the food is worth the attitude--which is something I don't say often. 

I'll definitely be back often.
The middle East is an awesome place to go hang out.  They have belly dancing some nights, open mic night where (occasionally) good bands take this moment as a time to shine, good food week long and awesome concerts on both the upstairs and downstairs stages.

Whenever my friends and I are looking for a good place to chill, we goto the middle east.  If the middle east fails us... the location is convinent enough to wander somewhere else.
Went here for the first time last night. Got the Falafel Plate. It was ok. I've had better falafel, but I liked it. I didn't eat the salad it was served on because I really don't like onions and they were heavily featured and impossible to eat around. The pita left a lot to be desired- it was really thin and tough. Very chewy and not in a good way. 

Bonus: they're open crazy late! I think 3am. 

I would go back again and try a meat dish. I'll update my review then!!
There is something special about Falafel Palace - the falafel wraps and gyros are solid and I love a canned soda, but what really does it is eating here drunk at 2:30 AM after partying in Central (after Thunderdome, Chicken Slacks). For lunch on a weekend, it's cheap and filling.
You know what I love? Small restaurants with kitchens open enough for you to hear the sound of your food being freshly prepared. It's actually comforting to have to wait a few minutes for my food to come out. I got the gyros plate, which was probably the best version of its kind I've had so far in Seattle. Handsome Dining Partner got the shawarma plate, and it passed his Mediterranean-elitist tastes so you know it's at least "pretty freaking delicious" on the official food rating scale. That's where I'd put my plate, anyway. The price is right ($8ish) for a big pile of rice and meat and veggies + a deliciously fresh and flavorful side salad (the salad was my favorite part!) + some pita pieces. There was a sprinkling of cilantro on both plates which made me happy, but consider this a warning, all you crazy cilantro haters out there. Also, try the homemade tea -- it's a little spicy with something I can't quite place but really enjoy. It's not indian chai, but if you like chai you'd probably like the tea.
How did I miss this place for so long?  The food is very tasty, and I liked the relaxing atmosphere.  Showed up late on a weekday, and the place was surprisingly almost empty despite the location.

An extra star because I love a place where you can get good breakfast food late at night.
Order this: spicy chicken wrap w/ spicy desi salad, extra chick peas, sauce (masala?), yogurt sauce, jalapenos and cilantro. Say no to rice, or semi-Mexican fillers.  That is a good wrap. 

The stuffed naan is also worth having.  

As for fresh naan for the wrap, I've been lucky enough to wander in after a rush, when they are trying to catch up - it is much much better than the pre-cooked.  That said, I understand that they can't do a lunch crowd with only fresh.
I was first introduced to Zankou's while I was a resident.  It was someone's birthday and they decided to get food from here for lunch.  

OH EMM GEE

This was the best chicken I had tasted that wasn't fried!  The chicken meat just fell off the bones. The garlic spread on the bread and chicken was amazing.  The garden salad was just a filler to make you feel like you aren't just eating meat, meat, and more meat.  

The kebabs are also great along with the Shawerma.  

This place is definitely a tasty and great alternative to KFC (which I love too) if you want a healthier nite of eating chicken.
Not trying to brag, but I've eaten middle eastern food all over the country and this is hands down the best I've ever had.  Everything is so freshly made and so perfect in terms of texture, presentation and flavor.  Marmora is a very tiny place and it may take a bit for your meal to come out, but that's because everything is FRESH! The service was so friendly, and the desserts are amazing! I got this shredded wheat pastry made with pistachios, honey and butter that melted in my mouth while also being crunchy.  It was perfect, and I'd recommend this place to any and everyone!
I went to this place for a quick gyro to go.  It was tasty and the guy who made it for me was friendly and talkative.

I am confused. Cedars on Brooklyn and Tase of India are the same owners. This place is also named Cedars. Is it also a part of the same family?
I tried this place out a few weeks ago, I have now been here a handful of times. The shawarma is the best, not the best in Seattle mind (gotta give that to the guys down in med mix pioneer square) but its second place. It has a sweetness but not overly powerful in the spice like some places. Nice dudes running the show was well, need a cheap fix head over and give them a try.
This is for the restaurant:
I live up the block from this restaurant and, months after moving in, hadn't yet been!

Happy to report that it was pretty tasty. Not the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but my falafel sandwich was solid and my friend's meal was tasty as well. The baklava was mediocre (really, baklava can't be bad, but this was nothing special). 
Oh, and the waitresses were kind of awkward.

All in all, I'm glad it's here. I'm glad it offers cheap brunch/lunch. 
But I won't go out of my way to eat here often.
Great Baba and Tabbouleh... The hummus and falafel are also good. My favorite place in Claremont.
I like chicken, I like hummus, I like pita bread, I like garlic spread!! 

I usually get the chicken plate and tri-tip plate. Each plate is enough for 2 people to share and be stuffed! I also like the purple pickled radish things they include. I've had the falafel and it wasn't the best. They look delish, but something about them tastes a bit funny. And I have not tried their rotisserie chicken yet. I can usually only go to Zankou once a month because it's an overwhelming amount of food they give you.
I have been coming here for over 30 years as they moved across the street and back again. I'm really wondering what happened to this place, they used to have some of the best Falafel in town and now I can barely give it an acceptable rating I would say Fair at best. the Tahina recipe which used to be very fresh with a hint of green to it has completely changed and not for the better, it is now just brown stuff.  The Falafel itself is quite disappointing. There is really no menu available nor any staff to explain anything.  The best thing I can say is that the chips are as good as ever.  What happened to this place?
Never fails to satisfy! The mother-daughter team is the best! Attentive, friendly, gracious....
There was a time not long ago that I would argue mixing a number of different cuisines and slathering them inside of your ethnic bread of choice would be akin to eating a peanut butter, jelly, and cheese sandwich.  Standing alone, the sandwiches are fine.  Together?  Get ready to worship porcelain.  Based on my peek into what Krazi Kebob has to offer, I might have to reexamine that entire theory.  Why?  This place actually excels in Mexi-Indo-Pakistani cuisine... really.  

An improvident blunder on my part cost me the opportunity to experience Krazi Kebob in its true glory.  I remained relatively "desi" in my order only adding a touch of cilantro, spicy salad, tamarind sauce, yogurt sauce, and a couple of random veggies to my tandoori and naan order.  Even the miniscule chances I took worked.   As I was eating with a Krazi Kebob veteran, I learned that not adding the corn, cheese, and various other Mexican ingredients was an egregious mistake.  After sampling her paneer stuffed naan, I had to agree that sometimes it is best to follow the advice of others.  

Aside from the fabulous naan and the randomly fun choice fillings, Krazi Kebob sports a hot chai tea that looks incredible if for no other reason than it is heated in an awesome steel Indian pot.  Something tells me it was better than my Snapple tea.  STUPID.  

I'd definitely come back here. If you live in the College Park area, cast your doubts aside and give this place a try.  Despite the foolish moniker and the apparent weekly staff changes, Krazi Kebob is worth a visit.
Now the way Ann Arborites build this place up, you may think it's the best. middle eastern. food. ever. It's not, but it does have good falafel, very good hummus and reasonable prices. I haven't tried their shwarma but it looks delicious. I was really disappointed that my last order of falafel here had large chunks of fava bean in it. I crave that smooth texture inside the crisp exterior! And this is the best Ann Arbor has to offer? I knock it down one star to stave off complacency.
Best place in the city to buy kalamata olives, olive oil, tahini, halva, spices, and pitas. Prices can't be beat, and the selection is great. Plus Makkah is 24/7, so what else could you possible ask for?!
I fully admit that the quality (not to mention wait times and relative friendliness of service) is insanely variable here, they've been stingy with the tahini lately, and that the pickle issue is a controversial one (I am, for the record, so pro-pickle I ask for extra in my falafel sandwiches). But you can't argue with a line out the door, even if the line goes out the door because there's only room for like four human-sized people inside. (Hint: If you are going to converse while waiting for your shawarma be careful - everybody else in line is listening. This means you, "I think I'd like to travel to India because I really like taking yoga classes" dude. You are dumb.)

But man, Moody's has earned my loyalty in so many ways over the years that I'll love 'em forever. Some nights it was the random single-falafel-in-a-cup-of-tahini eat-while-you-wait apology for a long line, some nights it was just remembering that I don't like onions on my sandwich, and one time it was a gratis piece of baklava because I was low on cash and too stupid to check my wallet before I ordered. For that I can forgive the occasional dry falafel wrap, or the crazy-making inconsistent appearances of those tasty spinach pie thingies. Hell, one dude gave me a free t-shirt for absolutely no discernible reason a couple years back. It's pale purple, so I only wear it on laundry days, but still.

If you haven't tried the foul (not pronounced the way you think, Mr. Smartypants), give it a shot. Fava beans, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and pomegranate seeds either saladified or in a sandwich. Good stuff.

For those keeping score, the nickname for Moody's in my house is "The Palace." Didja know the building is a historical landmark and a former White Castle? I like falafel way more than creepy midgety burgers.
This place is AWESOME!  I'm Armenian I should know this! hahah No really this place is the best in town!!!!!!!  Haven't ever had anything from there that wasn't excellent.
food: tasty and juicy chicken.  love the babaganush for sure

service: awful.  and it's really dirty

final thoughts: good for take out.
I am used to the Lebanese style of wraps but thoroughly enjoyed the Moroccan versions.

While the wrap sandwiches got me in the door the first time, it is north African dishes that keep me coming back.

I have never eaten in, so I can't comment on service, but the take-out has always been relatively quick for a cook to order establishment.
I got a water bottle and a chicken gyro platter for under 10 bucks. The platter came with a ridiculous amount of food: fries, salad (or two other sides) a pita bread, and melt in your mouth chicken pieces. Definitely one of the best deals you'll find in New York. Tasted pretty authentic too, but I'm a white girl from New England so what the hell do I know about authentic Middle Eastern food. Nevertheless, it was delicious, the service was good, and it was pretty clean despite the hole in the wall appearance from the outside.
I dined here last week  at lunch with my husband after leaving the Medical Center and the food was great. I had the chicken kebab and my husband had the beef shisk kebab with rice. Both entrees came with a red cabbage side and salad. I also ordered tabbouleh to substitute for my rice.  The tabbouleh seemed drier than what I am used to at area Mediterranean restaurants, but it was fine. The bread the server brought out with a small bowl of olive oil and sesame was hot and very good. I'd imagine they make great pizzas. We finished up our meal with a very sweet and tasty piece of baklava. This restaurant was nice and casual, but beware of very limited parking. It IS the Village, so parking is already dubious. Luckily, we happened to be one of the first patrons and parked right in front, but by the time we were leaving, the parking was getting cramped. We sat up front in the patio area and the noise level was fine. Our server  Angelo was nice and we cannot wait to return.
It was not my intention to be insulting or offending by describing Hummus as a hole in the wall, but I stick to my previous review. A hole in the wall describes a small establishment, it does not have a negative connotation this day and age - many small places have amazing food.

However, the owner obviously cannot accept constructive criticism. I still maintain my opinion about Hummus and now definitely won't be back.
Tried it for lunch this afternoon.  I have lived in Michigan and am familiar with Middle Eastern food.  This is a wonderful restaurant and they make authentic and fresh food.  I had the Chicken Tawook and the Chicken Schwarma.  Both of them are delicious and just perfect.  They were seasoned a bit on the salty side, but it just added to the taste.  The rice were perfectly cooked and the vegetable and meat were a good combination.  

I just ate it and am writing this review.  Am hungry just from describing it and want to try it again.  Definitely a place to go to!
Food in my opinion is pretty good. Have had better Turkish food in Spain and in the Bay Area, but with it being said that I have never been to Turkey, this seemed good.  Located in an area of many college crowd oriented bars, which can be a positive if you plan on visitin them afterwards or a negative if you don't want to park 10 blocks away. On the other hand the walk back to your car may help you digest all this tasty food.. The waiters were friendly and reasonably attentive, in my case. The place has a pretty casual feel, and they serve beer and wine.
Currently eating the House Kebab Plate. 

Decided to stop here to grab lunch togo after a morning of studying. I had read about the long wait, so I grabbed my notebook in the way in to kill time. Thankfully, not too many people.

My plate was 9.95, which is a tad expensive considering it was lunch time, but the plate was huge, and they tower on the delicious rice and salad. 

I have to say that the kebob looks kind of grotesque, like a long piece of brown intestines or feces....*sorry for the vivid imagery* BUT it was delicious, along with the yogurt sauce that I covered it in for every bite. Absolutely worth the wait.

I'd come back and probably will drag a few friends. Try it out.
I just got back from Zuzu's brand new weekly Tuesday night queer dance party, Rude Dog, and had a great time. The vibe was chill and unpretentious, but fun and high-energy. There were a lot of folks that came out and a good mix of people in terms of race, gender and sexual orientation, unlike queer dance nights I've been to in JP. The best part is it's FREE. I also appreciated that the bartender left a pitcher of water and cups on the bar so we could water ourselves rather than have to nag her to stay hydrated. My only complaint was that the house DJ, Lone Wolf, who was awesome, didn't get as much air-time as the guest DJ, who played mostly disco. Not my thing, but whatevs. I'm excited that so many folks turned out for the first night and hope this party continues to grow. Boston needs more free/cheap queer dance nights that are welcoming and unpretentious. A+

P.S. Lots of cuties there.
So good. Filling, flavorful, and quick. Wish there was more seating and standing room but oh well!
Kismet cafe is the best place in Austin to get  a gyro.  The "special" of a gyro an fries is very filling and cheap at $6.  It also includes a drink.

The gyro meat is seasoned and tastes great.  The fries have some paprika/garlic/lemon seasoning sprinkled on them, which I crave.

I used to go to this place every week when I worked downtown.  Now I make it out there once a month or so.  Ultimately, there is no place that I've found in town that compares to this place.
Fa-la-la is a fafafel biz offering made on site gluten-free pitas, organic, grass fed beef, and organic free range chicken. their utensils are biodegradeable. the cooking oil is recycled into biofuel. 

combo (5.95)
"bread sticks" pitas
salty or cinnamon option, had a buttery taste
-soda
-whole wheat pita bread was thick and fluffy, had nice crispy falafels  within
-condiment bar to fill in with red cabbage, tomato lettuce, fried eggplant, tahnini sauce, etc.  everything tasted fresh.

leftovers:
-pita more filling and satisfied here than at maoz
(probably cuz it was bigger, tasted fresher?)
-very friendly, helpful, suggestive service.
-pita ready to go in about 5 minutes. serving time for all items listed.
-got vouncher deal from munch on me.
-fa-la-la is a green business.
Only tried the falafel roll-up. Great falafel (like Rami's in Coolidge Corner) needs to start with great bread, not pita with the texture and taste of butcher paper. Pretty bland tomatoes and lettuce. OK falafel balls. Probably a good option when everything else is closed.
Update! The main entrees/sandwiches are still pretty bad here, however I do have to recommend their pastries. Also, their homemade iced tea is pretty good if you like unsweetened iced tea. At $1.35 it's also a bit cheaper than buying a bottle of something here or elsewhere.
East Side Pockets shapes their falafel in the shape of a donut to lure in the New Englanders--i swear, they can probably put the falafel on a hook and fishing pole and people will still bite.... in any case, their antics are working, b/c whenever I come here during lunch, the line of addicts snakes up and down the small hallway and sometimes out the door like a tangled rope. The owners run a tight ship and the wait is minimal even with a dozen people in front of you. And if you do wait, chances are you be rewarded w/ a free falafel bite for your patience, and yes, you'll be hooked.
Had a lamb and beef gyro. Good prices, and the bread and sauce was good, as were the vegetables. The meat was rather bland and cheap-tasting though. Wouldn't reccomend it but it wasn't terrible either.
Food is legit. I would eat here once a week.
Favorite pizza in university city so far. The crust is crunchy but soft and its always nice and warm. The one lady who usually works the counter is real friendly too. Only think I have to complain about is how small it is. It doesn't take many people to make the place feel crowded.
Been here several times but I've only tried a few things on the menu because the Chicken Kebab Pocket is AMAZING.  

A perfect blend of skillfully grilled chicken, tabouleh, lettuce, banana peppers, hot sauce, feta cheese, and a few other things thrown in make for the best pocket I've had anywhere.

They've opened their dining room so there is more seating now too, which is great because this place packs them in.

It gets busy, the line can be a bit intimidating but they are lightening fast so don't get discouraged, you'll be enjoying one of their amazing creations in no time.

Make sure you try the Baklava.  They have 4 or 5 different types and they are all incredible.
For a welcome to the group, my colleagues and I went to Samir's for lunch a couple weeks ago. A member of my work group is a regular at Samir's. They greeted him like an old friend.

I was a little surprised to see them essentially kick out two women from a table so they could collect it into a larger collection for our big group. It was nice for us, but I would not have wanted to be one of them.

I had a gyro and fries. I've had a lot of gyros a lot of places. Seattle is chock-ful of Mediterranean and Greek restaurants. This is probably one of the worst ones I've had. I ordered it special and when it came not right, I asked for a correction to which I was told "It is how you ordered it." It was not. Seriously. Not an okay way to treat a customer. The fries were edible, but nothing special at all. 

Most of my colleagues seemed to enjoy their meal. I couldn't really say. I found the service awful, the food just edible. I'll go if I'm with a group of people who want to go there, but otherwise I'll pick one of the many other choices in Seattle (and even on that street.)
A great place! For five bucks, you can load up on the veggie plate with all kinds of delights.

I'm not sure if I can even remember all of them: rice/lentil salad, babaganoush, hummus, grape leaf wrap, onions, pickles, olives, pita bread...

Delicious!
Cafe Algiers - I just love this place. Everytime I think about it or swing by, I almost get mushy inside as I remember some very fond memories here of the laid back ....totally chill times... on a week night when I would come with a group of college friends....also my ex gf, and my best buddy to enjoy the variety of Sheesha / Hookah (once served) along with ever refreshing Special Mint Tea or the Viennese Coffee. You absolutely must try the Mujaddan  (lentil-rice dish w/ fried onions), Couscous, and Hummus Ajami  (sauce or barbecued lamb or chicken). Ohhh and for breakfast - you have to try the Omlette w parsley & onions accompanied by chilled Mango Juice. :-)) The atmosphere is very casual cool ..usually crowded w/ high ceilings and hard wood floors and tables .... so fitting to be located in Harvard Square. I love the middleastern art work and traditional chandeliers. l feel almost guilty not to give this place a five star but the Baklava doesn't meet my expectations and the service sometimes can be a mixed bag.  Nevertheless I love Algiers and it will always a hold a special place in my heart !
Found this place after 3 decades of being away from UCLA on the east coast or out of the country. Still delivers. Next time near Westwood will make the stop.
i am a curmudgeon.

but this place makes me smile.

best hummus. best pita.
most insanely delicious chicken kebab wraps.

the service is mediocre.
the ambience pleasant enough.

i won't complain.
Was craving Meditteranean food in a casual/affordable setting and was so happy to find East Side Pockets! I'm also a new vegetarian and wanted to try their famous falefel, I was not disaapointed! Their falafel is light and crisy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside - the flavor is great! My husband (not a vegetarian) also tried the falafel wrap and he loved it.  He also enjoyed their pita chips and hummus. Being able to customize your toppings also makes the meal your own. We will definitely be going back again.
I have to say, gyro and apple tea is the way to go. Not at the same time now. Don't get too excited. Gyro is amazing. I love the way they seasoned the lamb. Not very greasy, and the bread is to die for. I would like to make that my pillow someday. A wonderful place for casual dining, but different from your Niko-Niko's. 

+4 I still need to try the rest of the menu. I'll update you guys.
I had held off on coming to Hummus because I wanted to give the place a chance to settle in. The reviews I had heard seemed fair but nothing stellar so when I waltzed in yesterday around 1pm I thought it was a good time to see how they had progressed. Sadly, I was sorely disappointed.

My friend and I ordered the shawarma and fries. I hate to be brutal but it was not only the worst shawarma I had, but a terrible sandwich all together. It was merely a big mass of chicken chunks that had no flavor or seasoning [a little greasy as well] mixed with what tasted like mayonnaise and red cabbage. I am not sure where the inspiration for the cabbage came from but it did not make a good match. Though, to be fair, I don't think much could have melded well with that sandwich. I just simply tasted horrible.

I hate to write a bad review - I was hoping on another decent restaurant in the neighborhood but it is unlikely I will chance a second visit.
I don't totally understand the difference between Aladdin Falafel Corner and the Gyro-cery.  They both serve falafel and gyros.  But, just for the sake of superstition, I decided to have falafel here.  Good choice.  Their gyros are darn solid, but their falafel is even tastier.

Now, I don't want to be Mr. Falafel Elitist here, but I gotta.  This is fast-food falafel.  Real falafel has the taste baked in.  A lot of the flavor at Aladdin comes from the semi-greasy heaviness.  I'm totally cool with that, especially since this is college food, but it's worth mentioning.  On the other hand, there's a lot of food here, and for the price, I can stand a little less than elegantly-baked pieces of delicate fava bean fanciness.

Aladdin's is tasty, cheap, lots of food and quick.  Plus, the people are friendly and fun.  One of the most solid bets in the U-District.
This deli offers Mediterranean/Middle Eastern eats such as falafels, schawarmas, kabobs, dolmas, baba ghanouj, etc. I finally came here after reading rave reviews about their falafels. However, I actually didn't end up trying their falafels. Instead, I had some of their pastries, sweets, and Turkish coffee. The coffee was a bit pricey ($1.63 for 6 ounces), but it tasted pretty good and was worth the try. It was just right for me--not too strong and a bit sweet. For pastries and sweets I had a cake-type pastry filled with date paste (I believe it's called maamoul), a nut log, and what I believe is Turkish delight. All tasted very good. I'm definitely coming back here to try their falafels and more pastries  :D.
I've only had the gyro special they have right now, since everything else looked relatively expensive. The gyro was cooked fine, though nothing special. The pita was downright terrible. The fries were again non-descript. Overall, I would not go for this place, except for a cheap lunch or dinner.

Sorry to say, but I doubt this place will survive for more than a year.
A new shawarma place near my place and one that is open until 3AM on weekends!  Stopped by after the Yelp HH at the Living Room, and enjoyed a very delicious chicken Shawarma sandwich.  The chicken was season just right especially with the tasty tahini.  Will have to try some of their grilled items next time.  Throw in a nice decor, and a bar for solo dining, and it's definitely a place to stop by late at night on the way home.
I'm never going back here again.  The only good thing I can say about it is that it's cheap and looks clean.  However, the falafel is ridiculously over-salted, which makes me wonder what other nasty tastes it's covering up.  The tahini is drab and flavorless.  I respect Amir's as a small business, but when I'm in the mood for falafel, I will happily spend twice as much and walk twice as far to go to Maoz.  This was gross.
Alright, so I've been here twice now, and I HAVE to be kind because the food (when fresh) is so delicious that it will seriously send you into fits. Both times I've had the "Royal Feast" which is a sampler of different dishes, and enough to share with friends, so that's usually what we do. 

Even my daughter loves the food, and she's five. But she'll eat up the salad, the pita and hummus with lettuce and cucumber and tomato, and the chicken. She's a big fan of the rosewater lemonade, as well.

I'm docking Al Baraki a star for a few reasons- 

1) It's always cold in there. I mean, really uncomfortably chilly. I hate that I can't relax when I'm in there, I'm always stiff and shivery.

2) They're stretched remarkably thin, typically with only one server, so expect the service to be slow and very forgetful. On this vein, know your cuisine when you get in there so that you know if something's missing. I know what tabbouleh is, so when there was no tabbouleh on the plate like there was supposed to be, I knew to ask them to bring it. Can't live without that tabbouleh, it's like crack.

Also like crack, their french fries with toum. HOLY COW. Oh my.

3) My friend and I today- we ordered hot tea. We were not asked what kind of tea we wanted even though I noticed coming out of the bathroom that they have a small selection of various herbal teas. We got black. Regular Shop Rite brand black tea. Yes, you read that right. The real hilarity was that it was salty.

... I was thinking maybe it was supposed to be? Like maybe somewhere in my American naivete I had missed that the Lebanese take their black tea with salt, sort of like how you can get a salty lassi with your Indian food? But no- it was not supposed to be made with salt. The owner marched out, tasted it to be sure we weren't messing with him, and then marched the COOK out to question him about why there would be salt in our tea. And then tasted the sugar from the Domino packet to make sure that wasn't salt. "Sometimes the factories can make a mistake," he said, and I was too busy laughing to tell him that the tea was salty prior to my putting anything in it. 

Anyway, the gentleman replaced the teas, they were fine the second time, and we were comped for them, so that was great. My friend and I joked about it the whole way home. "Hey, remember that one time we ordered tea and it tasted like the tears of our ancestors?"

4) Consistency. Portions were smaller this time around. Also what was on the plate last time I was there was not what was on the plate this time. Last time the baba ganouj was darker and had pieces of eggplant skin and char in it, really good. This time it was just whitish, it was weird. Last time the Royal Feast came with deep fried kibbeh (the crispy football shaped ones,) this time it came with baked kibbeh (the squares with the diamonds cut in the top.) I prefer the fried, so it was a disappointment.

5) Price. My word, it's a bit expensive, isn't it.

Anyway, so when they're not forgetting about the tabbouleh or accidentally salting their tea, and my god if they'd just turn up the heat and drop their prices a little, I would give them TEN STARS. Buuuut. I can't. Not this time.
Oh I just love this place. Great, quick BYOB that always delivers. We actually biked to Tandoor Indian Grill on Centre to use a Groupon, and the building is boarded up (FYI)! I really didn't mind since I knew Ali Baba was down the street and I could always go for good hummus. Theirs is awesome, along with their baba ganoush, falafel and bread. I usually fill up on all of those things so never have actually tried an entree. But the tossed salad compliments the pita and hummus well, seasoned and dressed with fresh lemon juice and olive oil. I've never had to wait long on a table and the service is always prompt. The bf fills up on various chicken dishes, and he is always satisfied. A few times the bread has been dry (I love when its warm and soft) but the hummus is soo good it really doesn't bother me!
My friend brought me here when I went to visit her in Pasadena. Usually when i have mediterranean food I'm with my girlfriend so we get falafels but this time I tried the Chicken Kebab plate. OMG... can you say delicious... The chicken was cooked very simply but still tasty. The rice is awesome and the chili sauce they give you is a great addition to everything. The hummus is definitely fresh and homemade. I'll definitely be coming back here real soon! =)
I'll date myself here, but when I was in school the falafel & hummus sandwich was $2.35.  It's now $4.50 and still worth every penny.  The lentil soup is also excellent.  I haven't looked too hard in Los Angeles for a Jeru replacement, but everything I've tried pales in comparison.
It's pretty good stuff.  I judge a place like this on their plain falafel pita. I will make a point of asking for extra tahini because it has been pretty scarce the few times I've been here.

The most off-putting thing about this place is that the cashier is the person who makes your food, and there isn't always (ever?) a handwashing in between handling money and handling cucumbers.

I realize this is a tactical problem for a business like this, but nonetheless it is off-putting to me when I see somebody touching my food after handling money. It actually prevents me from going back, except for once in a great while when I'm feeling adventurous/immune.
This is one of the greatest restaurants i have ever been to. 11 years of eating here and i am still not sick of it. $5 for a huge amount of food, great people and fairly quick service. Jumbo gyros no tomatoes has been my comfort food and this place is the only place that makes it right. Everyone who i have brought here has fallen i love instantly with the wonderful food

if you are in seattle, this is somewhere you MUST eat at.
As a member of a Greek family who grew up eating this type of food regularly, I am always looking for a restaurant that has authentic food, fresh ingredients, and acceptable prices.  On the advice of my son, I went to International Market and Grill while on vacation in San Diego recently.  It turned out to be excellent advice.  The menu is streamlined, but the choices that are available are superior.  I had the veggie sandwich and found it to be filled with flavor and totally satisfying.  The selection of drinks was good with several options that do not use high fructose corn syrup and are lower in sugar than often encountered.  The ambiance was home-like and intimate.  The food took a little longer to arrive than some "fast food" places, but I honestly did not even notice as I was enjoying the conversation that was fostered by the comfy design and arrangement.  The cooks were competent and focused and the server was friendly and attentive.  I was with a fairly large group who ordered several other items than I did and all were extremely happy.  The ingredients in every sandwich and salad served to us were of very high quality, as was the must-o-khiar.  This restaurant would definitely be a weekly destination if I didn't live almost 2000 miles away!  However, I'm sure all my sons and friends who were with me will make it a point to return frequently.
I'm not really sure how to feel about Tallula's. The food is decent, albeit overpriced (you can get tastier food a few doors down, at Mediterranean Deli, for about half the price), but the service isn't quite up-to-par. Don't get me wrong: the staff isn't completely incompetent, but it's perhaps their competence itself that turns many away. They are, in short, haughty, rude, and snobby. Each time I've eaten at Tallula's the staff has acted as though we were an inconvenience to them, even to the point of once telling us (immediately after we'd received our food), that they needed us to be out of the restaurant in 45 minutes because it was a Friday night and they would be busy. We had made reservations and everything. 

Do yourself a favor. Forego the beautiful decor of Tallula's and walk a few doors down to Mediterranean Deli, where you can get better food, spend less money, and not have to put up with an uptight waitstaff. You won't regret it.
so I reviewed this LAST YEAR & yelp erased it. LAME!
but it looks like everyone caught on to the fact that this is THE BEST falafel you will ever have in your life. EVER.

they load it up with so many extras - its not dry at all, tons of flavor, cheap, open late - what more can you ask for?

I have brought back a bag of falafel wraps to boston on many occasions. when I ask my other RI-natives - "Hey Im going home this weekend, want me to bring anything back?" this is always at the top of the list, (along with wimpy skimpy's from cassertas).  sadly, Del's would melt on the way back to boston :(
About the best lunch you can get in Harvard Square. Good Middle Eastern cuisine. The service is hit-or-miss, but last time I was there for lunch it was great. And the mint tea was a nice treat.
Ed's isn't bad. I'd say it's slightly better than your average pizza shop. I tried their wings with the Ed's sauce, and let me say, they certainly do NOT live up to the hype. The sauce was good, but the wings were small and overpriced. When the wings are that small, they shouldn't be $7 for 10. As far as taste, they do just fine, but they are certainly not something to go out of your way for. 

I also had a sausage stromboli. Ed's claims to have the largest strombolis in the city. I'm willing to bet my entire bank account that that's completely false. If my memory serves me correctly, they don't even have the largest strombolis on the BLOCK (I'm pretty sure Sava's large stromboli is bigger)! However, for $10, it's not a bad deal. It was loaded with sausage, much more than you'd get on a small pizza. And it was pretty darn good.

Overall, Ed's is a decent experience. I am put off, however, by how pretentious they come off ("largest strombolis," "best pizza," "best wings"). It's a pizza joint. There's no need to tell us how fantastically amazing you are. Let the food speak for itself. Bottom line: you'll enjoy Ed's, but don't expect it to blow your mind.
People always ask me "What do you consider 5 stars on yelp?" Well, Zankou fits the picture! AHHH CHICKEN KABOB! YOU COMPLETE ME!

Came here w/my dear friend BJ who is new to LA - just like me :) Heard a lot about Zankou Chicken, had high expectations, and we were NOT disappointed! He got the Combo Kabob plate ($9.99) and I got the Chicken Kabob plate ($9.99). We give both plates 5 solid stars!

1st off, we couldn't get over the shock of how much food was given to us. HUGE PORTIONS. Why, oh why did we order 2 plates? Thats OK. Zankou for tomorrow's breakfast, lunch, dinner :) But being the pig I am, I was able to finish more than 50% of my plate anyway. BJ had nothing on me.

Everything was DELICIOUS. The chicken was grilled and smokey, the roasted tomato was warm and delicious, the hummus was flavorful, pita bread was fluffy. Ok - I admit I had some rank breath the entire day from the garlic sauce, but it was well worth it! :) Would definitely come back again ANYTIME if anyone was willing to put up with my breath :)
omg.. this just amazing little falafel wrap with hummus and hot sauce.. yummmm .. This dude is super nice.. and he's not creepy when he tries to flirt with you either haha.. his falafel is not dry or overdone.. and coming from that little truck you wonder how he's able to pull off such great food . I mean way to go rami...  I think I'm going to get one tomorrow.. yupp
Just listen to the 273 Yelp reviewers and eat here, as soon as possible, as often as possible. Inexpensive. We have been fans of Med Cafe fans for 9 years now. High quality home-cooked food - the owners are at the register every day.They are the nicest!  I like the veggie combo - my husband likes the schwarma platter. Way better than Zankou Chicken.

Love this place.

Only problem - they are not open for dinner after 6!

Just go.
while i'm remembering all the money i blew on takeout at my last job...

once again, another place where i always order the same thing, but i do it because it's so damn good.  if it wasn't i wouldn't be willing to spend freaking $12 on lunch at least once a week.  chicken shawarma wrap and a side of greek salad. [comes with a pita!]

 the greek salad is tomatoes, green bell peppers, feta cheese, cucumbers, and olives.  AND NO LETTUCE.  finally, a non-americanized salad ffs.  i also don't know how they manage to get tomatoes that taste good year round, impressive.  couldn't say for the olives, because i'm weird and pick them out and throw them all away because i hate olives that don't come out of a can.  sue me.

the only downside of this place is the price - while the meal is always incredibly satisfying, it's a bit much for your average person to be dropping on a takeout lunch.  also,  god forbid someone in front of you in line should speak the same language as the staff - you'll be standing there all damn day while they shoot the breeze and totally ignore you, useless uncultured white person.

on the upside, they have a big tray of candy at the register containing what?  what?! ROOTBEER BARRELS!  HELL YES!  actually, you probably wouldn't have found any there because while the cashier has her back turned i take every single one of them out and stuff my pockets.
We will never be dining here again. The food is subpar, the waitstaff  is unfriendly and unhelpful, and the place is cold and drafty. Plus there was a hair on our plate...and it wasn't ours! There are far better places to dine at in Cambridge, so I would pass on this one. 

What a disappointment!
Don't let the name fool you, this place has far more to offer than delicious hummus.

They have many vegan options and mark what items on their menu are.

Their falafels are amazing, the best I have had, and include more variety than the normal ingredients that most falafel makers tend to stick with. 
Personally I would recommend getting the platters as they are very large and give you much more bang for your buck (main dish along with hummus + pita and two sides).

Depending on the time of day there may be a wait, but it will be well worth it...just make sure you order enough so that you don't have to wait again
i ate there this evening and i left very satisfied. the tabooley and hummus wrap is so yummy! the only thing that seemed off was the front store staff was cranky. something that usually doesn't happen.
Wonderful hummus and everything else, too!  Take your chances with the plate of a day, it's a bargain and an adventure!  And you'll get delightful hummus, pita, salad and rice along with the special items of the day.  The service can be a little slow since it's ONE MAN running the show but he takes his time with each person's order and serves up tasty plates!  The Arabian tea is also delish!
What an effing dump. The food was ok. I still say Hummus Place is da bombdiggity. In fact a new Hummus Place opened on Broadway not too long ago on 101st street I think. Yum. 

Getting back to Amir's. 

The "staff" is usually one Lebanese guy who doesn't cook an effing thing. 2 Mexicans are right behind him cooking their a**es off. The kitchen was dirty. The place looked like a refurbished pizza joint. Nothing struck me as even closely linking this place to Lebanon with the exception to the music. That was the best part. 

Heard some great Lebanese singers like: Fairouz and George Wassouf. 

But I have my iTunes and iPhone for music.
This place is AWESOME! I either order the lamb kebab combo, or the vegetarian plate (both are very good). The service is quick and the prices are great. I have always enjoyed my meal everytime I have gone.
Good food ... But priced a little higher for student crowd ...
Ordered 1/2 chicken and it was overcooked and way under seasoned. All and all, it was bland and dry. I was very disappointed so I won't be back for awhile. 

Oh well.
I shared the Vegetarian PuPu platter with a couple of friends last week. It was amazing. Unfortunately, there were no spinach dumplings but they were more than happy to give us extra Fallafel. :)

Be warned: Do not eat this if you plan on talking to anyone up close for the rest of the night. The platter packs a boatload of garlic in their dips and I tried to wash it down with a mojito(which are outstanding) and beer and was unsuccessful. This is the only reason why I am not giving ZuZu five stars. Everything else is top drawer!

PS: ZuZu has a wonderful soul dance night on Saturday. Please partake in the Motown goodness.
Awesome Sharma platter -its my favourite.  highly recommend their hummus and whole wheat pita bread too! I'm a fan of theri Chicken Kebab and Garden Salad as well
For the money this place can't be beat. It is nestled in the Rice Village area and serves excellent Mediterranean cuisine. The staff even speak Turkish which is cool because I'm practicing my Turkish. I know three words - hellp, donkey, and gay. They also have authentic Turkish beer (Efes). Not something that is easy to find in the States. I regularly eat at this place and recommend the Lamb Chops or the Mixed Grill plate. Both are excellent dishes. The Turkish coffee isn't bad either.
Great restaurant, Cheap food, Great Artwork.

My Fave: Feta Omelette.

Just a great little dive!
This place is horrible. Everything is over priced, the service was poor, and they had strange requirements like "15% gratuity added for parties of 2 or more" as if so many people go here alone. BEWARE THE HELP HERE FEELS THIS IS NOT ENOUGH AND WILL ASK FOR ADDITIONAL TIPS. My group only went for hookah, but apparently you are required to buy a drink. The guy didn't even listen to our drink order and subsequently messed it up. 

Then the bill came and we were charged $20 for our hookah when it was $14 on the menu. The explanation offered was that we had "organic hookah" and, oh, couldn't I taste it? No. No I could not. In fact no where on the menu was a hookah more than $17, and that was for hookah in the "VIP room" (whatever that is). 

Also they claim to offer free wifi, however when we attempted to access it, there was no connection available.
Great place for mediterranean food, let me correct that, authentic egyptian food!! From the same folks who started garlic crush!!
Lunch Review. 
Food: 3.5 stars. Chicken Kabob: not the best I've had, but it was pretty good.  My coworker had the Beef Shawarma and that was really good.  

Ambiance: 3.5 stars. We sat in the front patio which was nice.  Loses a star because the furniture is old and the space can be a bit cramped.

Service: 4 stars.  Nice, friendly servers.

Price: 3.5 stars.  Decent lunch specials.

Conclusion: worth going back.
Recently was back on Thayer at lunchtime and HAD to go to my beloved East Side. 

Bit of a line, of course, but they keep it moving like clockwork.

For the first time I tried the hot sauce on my chicken kebab wrap. WOW. Don't be put off by "hot sauce". It's not that hot. Just ask for a little at first, the flavor is unbelievable and adds so much to the wrap. I always get the chicken loaded with all the sauces, veggies, chicken. Yeah, it's huge. Someday I'll try something else. Maybe.

With a drink, $8 and change. Are you kidding me?
Falafel was good and the owner was super nice! The prices were decent. I will go back here when I am looking for a gyro.
You know the fast food restaurant is fast when the order is sitting there waiting for you before you even finish paying. It's amazing how you spend more time looking for parking than actually walking in, ordering, gather your food, and walk back to your car.

Mediterranean Cafe is really good Mediterranean fast food. The restaurant is located on Lake and isn't very noticeable unless you know what you're looking for. They have some patio seating too.

The kabobs are the best but I know a few people who really like their chicken shwarma. I love their sides of baba ganoush, cucumber yogurt and tabbouleh. Their hummus is nice and lemony. The rice is buttery and delicious.

I usually order the mixed plate with chicken and beef kebob. It's a great deal at less than $9 and I can easily make 2 meals of it.

Parking is hard to find but just park in the 20 minute parking if you're taking it to-go. You won't have to wait long for your food.
I'm so glad Zankou has received very high ratings from most everyone else. This is by far the best VALUE I've received in a while. Huge portions of sliced chicken kebabs, warm pita bread, and fresh mutabbal and hummus rounded up our order, which stuffed 3 very satisfied people for less than $50. Speed of service was also lightning quick, despite the place being packed at the time. The lady at the counter seemed genuinely bummed that it took 13 minutes instead of the promised 10 minutes for the Kebabs. I didn't care, I was in heaven. I've only been back in town 2 days and I haven't eaten anywhere else since Wednesday, getting more for breakfast and going back for lunch and dinner. It's scary sick. But I haven't felt this obsessive about a restaurant in a while. No restraining orders, Zankou kplsthx?
Okay, so this is my first time to this place and there are mixed feelings about this place. I ordered the 1/2 chicken plate and was surprise by the large portion. It comes with 1/2 chicken, humus, tomato & turnip salad, garlic sauce and pita. It's actually quite filling. The only reason why it's receiving 3 stars is because of the taste. The chicken tasted like Costco chicken with crispy skin. The humus tasted like any other humus, and the garlic sauce isn't as good as Mediterranean Cafes. It's not bad... but not great.
They have a $5.55 special now. Wrap + fries + drink. Pretty good deal. Their fries have that paprika mystery spice mix on it. I likey. Sometimes the fries are a wee limp (and come from a freezer bag), but I think that's because they put foil on the to-go orders. (Call ahead and pick up-- no-wait gratification!).

Their Greek salads are decent and come with dolmas. They're in the reach-in cooler. Handy if you want a healthy grab-and-go meal. Their dressing is zingy. If you want something creamy, try it with tzatziki sauce. Yum.

Falafel is good. I have them add the tzatziki sauce (yes, it's crack-like) plus some hot sauce. 

I keep "forgetting" to bring my lunch to work and so am eating here too much...
Delicious and crazy fast. Best chicken shawerma (I'm sure I spelled that wrong) I've had. My parents even loved it and my dad always wants to grab lunch here when he's visiting me in the area.  This place defines fast food.  You pay and the next minute they are handing you your food.  I wasn't a big fan of the salad that came with the meal but I'm picky about my salads.  It wasn't bad, don't get me wrong it just wasn't my favorite.  They have a nice patio to sit and eat on so go relax and enjoy a speedy and delicious lunch!
This review is based on going to the Middle East restaurant for lunch on a Friday afternoon....
The inside has nice character, but I was squished into the two person "booth" we sat at ugh.  Don't people know I have LONG LEGS!
Anyhow, we ordered the olive plate to start and it was good!  i didn't even mind spitting out the pits that much they were so tasty!  For my main dish I got the chicken kebabs.  They were marinated and grilled to my liking and came with a small salad, rice and beans.   Overall, the lunch was good for the time and the place.  I would eat there again.
NOW listen Habibi cafe doesn't have the BEST hookah but they have good hookahs and THE BEST ENTERTAINMENT EVER! You can just get up and dance with friends until 5 in the morning! Love this place on Saturdays especially!
The food is great, the location is small and humble, but the owner and son are total jerks and always give me pause when going there. Those two are equivalent in character to the"soup nazi" from Seinfeld. They make you feel rushed, unwelcome, and act as though they are doing YOU a favor while you give them your money. Oh how I wish I could stay away but their beef kabobs are just too good!
Where do I start? It was my first time eating here and I must say it was great. The service was a bit slow (I think the waitress was new) but the food was top notch. HUGE servings. I mean HUGE, enough for 4 people. I hadn't eaten anything all day, and after I ate here I was stuffed. The koobideh was so delicious. The entire dish was mouth-watering and very flavorful. The portion of rice was huge as well. I highly recommend trying Heidar Baba if you haven't yet.
Obsessed with this place! Have been going for years and I loveeee the food! I usually get a whole chicken with tanboulie salad, jasmine rice and garlic sauce! So delicious I love getting such big portions so I can have leftovers for days!
Quality Food (5 star) - we had the baba ghannouj, chicken shawarma, and combo kabob.  Everything was beyond fresh and flavorful.  Can't get any better!

Quantity Food (4 star) - the entrees were good sized, while the baba ghannouj was on the small side.

Service - (4 star) - the waiter Paul, who I believe was the owner, was very courteous, but seemed a bit busy.  I think he should have one more employee helping.

Price (3 star) - not cheap, but at least you get what you pay for with the delicious food.

Ambiance - (3 star)  - clean and cute, but nothing spectacular.

Overall, this place is definitely worth trying as the food is absolutely amazing.  Very solid!
For the second time in a row, I found myself in a line of 20+ people to pay more for a sandwich than I used to pay at a higher price.   Apparently, Genzyme, didn't entice enough vendors to feed their masses and the clever owners have realized they can give less for more! Good for them, bad for me.
The chicken is unbelievable.  Order the #11 and die happy.
In town for 1 night.  Kicked it here for a few hours.  Decent dj, nice chill crowd, pretty cool bar.  Would definitely recommend it.
i love this place..i've seen the best bands here..so i can't even fathom giving them a bad rating for waiting a little bit longer for a beer or average food.  This place is bad ass, pure rock and solid punk...and that's the way i like it...not polished, not poliet, not pretty...just perfect.
I love Pita Kabob Grill! I used to live real close and the food is amazing there. I would almost always get the Meghan's Falafel pita - falafel, french fries and spiciness in a sandwich, yum. The portions are generous and the fries on their own are great as well. I've also had the chicken schwarma and the lamb pita, both are pretty tasty too. 

The guys working there are always sweet and the girl who occasionally works the counter can cop an attitude but I think she's just coming into her own, since she apologized to me for a customer service gaffe that I was ready to brush off (actually I wasn't even aware of it since I had grad school finals on the brain) with free baklava.
I am mostly rating this with my dozen or so experiences at the club Downstairs. But I have been to all the rooms and experienced the whole place.

1 star because the Middle East gets some great bands to play that I like.  

Minus 4 stars because the people who work at the Middle East are incompetent & insult the customers, the drink selection is too basic & they charge you different prices for a drink in one room than they do in another (different by a dollar or more). & The sound system downstairs is sub standard.

I have been to many venues around the country and Boston has by far the worst physically set up and sounding clubs of the hundred or so I've been to in 40+ states, and a few different countries. 

The Middle east is not as bad a set up as some others in Boston, but its dirty and doesn't sound clear enough. And as always with most Boston clubs, the staff is rude and unappreciative of its own business the customers are providing them.

I don't know the names, or who the gay skinny white dude with the mohawk and the short black lady who work downstairs in security are but they have no idea how to do their jobs properly. Someone needs to teach them how to interact respectfully with the customers and not to blindly insult them with a rude & unprofessional attitude or bark at people to leave the club when they maturely are trying to explain something or just want to buy merchandise at the show they just paid to see. 

You don't have to push everyone out the door because the bands need that money from merch. You are screwing over the customers and the bands. I don't want to get into details. I have no idea how they were ever hired. there must have been an extreme shortage of applicants unless the owners are just as ignorant. 

The only reason ever to go back to the Middle East, other than the poor drink selection, muddy sound, and dirt is if you need to see a band not playing anywhere else. 

You can find Mid Eastern food without the poor attitude at other places as well, & as others have said good luck getting someone's attention when you need something. There policy is just to ignore you and then act like you are bothering them.
Yum! Just enjoyed a lovely falafel pita with a few grapeleaves stashed for a snack later. Very tasty. The pita comes with pickles (oh yes!) but next time I think i'm gonna ask for hummus as well. 

Falafels were good, very flavorful and not too dry. 

Reason for the 4 stars - just a little pricey for lunch. Maybe a once very two weeks for a visit?
A buddy of mine ate here with Matt and I and he vowed never to return here for as long as he lives in Austin. A strong vow I would say, especially for someone who has never show any temper nor attitude no matter how bad the situation is. 

So we were rushing to UT to watch the Austin Cinematheque film screening but only had 15 minutes to spend for dinner. So we walked into Kismet, thinking that it should not take too long for them to make a gyros or whatever that can be done quickly. 

The cocky server loved playing with my buddy's emotion and told him to chill.  We ordered the grilled lamb steak (Kafta) and he ordered gyro. Our food arrived except his, so he was waiting inpatiently while we tried to chow down quickly. Why would gyro takes longer time to prepare is a question to be answered but I must say, the Kafta was very yummy! So was the vege salad. 

By the time the gyro arrived, my friend was too angry to taste the food and refused to take the extra Kafta that the server gave him as an apology. Matt and I took the extra Kafta and finished up for him. 

I feel bad that my friend did not enjoy the food at all but I would go back to Kismet again if I am at the neck of the wood...
Stumbled across this place while visiting Boston and staying in Cambridge. Saw some hipsters hanging outside the front of the place and remembered that hipsters live for greasy breakfast and coffee in retro-places. 

The special omelet or whatever it was called was a disaster of everything in the kitchen, including chicken, sausage, bacon, processed cheese, broccoli, 4 eggs, potatoes a hipster or two, whatever. It looked like a mess with over-buttered toast. Tasted quite good - a bit heavy on fake cheese tho. 

Anyway, the price was awesome for that much food. In Toronto this would be either $16 (or free because it was found in the dumpster of a breakfast joint). 

Most of the other orders that I saw looked overly generous and tasty. Think I would stick with a simpler omelet next time but value for money was great - super hangover spot. Just don't go with a large crowd or else you'll really have to squeeze yourself into the small booths. 

Coffee was good by American standards (i.e. was stronger than Dunkin Donuts).
one of the best falafels I've had in a while. crunchy exterior, good interior texture, even flavor.  Nice fresh bread, too.  but

Why would i want to self-serve the fillings?  What's with the corporate image.  the kitchen takes up 3/4s of the space!  no room for groups, not inviting. no atmosphere.  

Wouldn't it have made more sense to have a street-side window and they had it to me outside?  or replace the glass walls with roll-down garage doors.  this would achieve an open air patio area!

I give this place a year.  which would be a shame... as I said best falafel i've had in a while, but probably one of the worst designed businesses i've seen in a while too.  

College town, means casual, comfortable and convenient.  I'd hate to see a good falafel die because of really bad space/business design.  Price slightly too high for street food.
Hailing from the Metro-Detroit area, I find it difficult to find good Middle-Eastern or Persian food around LA.  Darvish Restaurant is sooooo good!  The prices are a little high compared to other cuisines, but reasonable for Persian food.  You can usually find links to coupons either through Yelp or on their website (we've found buy one get one free entrees, and when the entrees are $25 that saves a lot of money).  

The owners and waitstaff are very friendly, and it's never been too crowded when I've gone so the service is speedy.  As an appetizer they have pita with butter, radishes and onions.  Spicy, light and perfect!  Try the tahdig if it's available - it's crispy rice with stewed served on top.  Any of the kebabs are delish, especially the ground chicken.  The sour cherry rice is my favorite thing on the menu.  Their plain basmati is delicious, though, as well as the jewel rice (with orange zest).
pretty damn good coffee. I've sat down there for hours drinking their coffee and or coconut drink think...their cheese plate is decent too. nice presentation and fantastic natural lighting.
i crave Zankou. Chicken is always so moist and perfectly cooked. I always order their chicken plate. Hummus is always so good. Pickles are perfectly salty and crunchy, tomatoes add a sweetness, pepper adds the spicy kick, garlic spread is creamy heaven, moist flavorful chicken all wrapped in pita....my mouth salivates as I think of this... Now I've really tried to order something else but I just can't get myself to do it. I cannot stay away from this greatness. I have taken bites of other items(very tasty stuff) from my friend's plates but I think I'm a chicken plate person for life. It's a casual place and the wait for your order isn't too long. This location is more like a takeout place but I still sit down there only because I can't wait to eat....
Great music--fast bar service.

Bathroom gets clogged a lot....which is ew.

Viewing for a show is just mediocre.

But overall, this is a great place to see a show for fairly cheap!
This is my favorite Mediterrean food eatery  There's not much seating at all, so I normally order to go.  There's plenty of parking at the lot in the back.  The service is fast, which reminds me of the soup nazi in Seinfeld.  Before I even take out my wallet, my food is ready.  I'm here about once a week.  The food is good and fresh, always consistent.  The hummus is so good.  Definitely recommended if you're nearby!
Having read the reviews on Yelp, I was pretty excited to visit this place.  My brother and I planned to see a Husky football game later that evening, so we thought it was a great idea to avoid the concession stands, and fill up on some tasty chicken shawarma sandwiches instead.  

Shawarma King is your typical, hole-in-the-wall gyro/shawarma/falafel shop, with the interesting addition of a flat-screen TV, mini-lounge, and a back-lit electronic menu board.  So far so good...

When the shawarmas arrived, both my brother and I were shocked at the tiny, snack-sized wraps placed in front of us.  They were only slightly larger than a crispy burrito from Taco Time, just to give you an idea.  For this tiny tidbit, we shelled out a full $6 a piece, plus drink, plus tax.  Afterwards, my brother was still hungry, so we ended up paying a visit to Aladdin's Gyro-cery, further down the Ave, for a filling, tasty gyro combo, with fries and drink, for only $7.

Stingy bastards.  That was our impression, but my brother was especially pissed, understandably.

I know the sandwich is supposed to be smaller than the plate, but this is ridiculous.  At the very least, a pop and fries should have been included for this price.  I can get an excellent, filling shawarma sandwich that's about triple the size, for the same price or less, at Lake City Gyros, Garlic Crush, or Byblos Deli.

Shawarma King makes a delicious shawarma, I admit.  In fact, it's perhaps the tastiest I've had in the Seattle area.  That's why I plan to give these guys ONE more chance to redeem themselves, with a full, shawarma plate...will be updating soon.

Grade, FAIL.  I suppose, it's a D not an F, however, since I will return at some point.  So long, for now, greedy pricks!  :P
Surprising hole in the wall. It's in the middle of a strip mall near a Chipotle and Panda Express. I went here based on so many favorable reviews from Yelp.

The restaurant was very clean. They even had an outside area with an awning so you could eat and enjoy the nice Pasadena weather. Too bad the view of the parking lot isn't the greatest view.

Rice is fluffy. Salad dressing is buttery smooth. Lamb was tender and juicy with the right amount of spices. The kebobs run about 8 dollars a plate, and fills you up. You won't walk out hungry, but you won't walk out super full either. 

Although for the price, you could get a much better meal (and way bigger) at Raffi's (which sells SIMILAR food, but I know it's not the same), a good place to stop by if you're in Pasadena and craving Mediterranean
When you leave a club or bar in Central Square at 2 AM, there are very limited food options. If you're wasted enough, you won't mind drinking the grease off of the slices at Hi Fi pizza or buying gummi worms and a power bar at the 24 hour CVS. That's why Moody's is the go to spot for late night food here Wednesday through Saturday (unfortunatley not open the other nights). Lots of review will cite the falafel and shawarma wraps which are wonderful in their own right. I'm extra impressed however, by the option of fruit salad and fresh baba ghanouj plate with hummus and lettuce greens. It's hearty enough for an after midnight snack (don't tell the mogwais), but nothing you'll regret. Save the greasy food for the hangover the next day.
Too convenient and value-riffic not to be 5 stars.

I've been coming here as long as I can remember.  My family would stop here anytime we made a trek to the city from the burbs.  We stopped going maybe 10 years ago, but then I moved to Central Square a year ago and my love for Falafel was reignited.

The location is great.  Not only is it a 5 minute walk from my humble abode, it's right in the heart of Central Square.  Very easy to get to.

The prices are fantastic.  $5 for a full Falafel sandwich, sure!  Plates cost a bit more, but you could feed a medium-sized Asian family for under $20 bucks easy.

Food.  The food is good.  The food is great.  Plenty of options, for vegetarians and omnivores alike.  Chicken, Lamb, Veggies, Tahini, Falafel, Baklava etc.  Typical middle-eastern fare.  All prepared fresh, right in front of you.  You can make some substitutions or additions as you please.  Never have to wait longer than 5-10 minutes after ordering, even if it is slammed and there is a line out the door at 1:00AM.

Service is good.  No frills, but most of the time the service is with a smile.  Quick, efficient, accommodating.

Overall, 5 stars.  This can't be beat.  It's too cheap, it's too good.  It's as authentic tasting as I've had in a while.  Stop by!
This place is great! It's a bit pricey, but I think it's totally worth it! I'm definitely coming back soon!
To begin, a very friendly staff that provided excellent and prompt service.  The location can't be beat.  I ordered the lamb kebab sandwich which was decent.  My diet coke was flat (which is probs why not 4 stars).   My boyfriend's dish, the kofta kebab, was delicious!  Seasoned to perfection!  The decor had me laughing a little, because everything was covered in the evil eye.
By far my favorite Saturday night dance spot in the city. Maybe favorite dance spot in the world, no no...universe. Spock and Kirk can take their other worldly dance club and jog on.  Yes, the line can be long, yes the joint can be crowded, and yes, pretty hair-do's will not last long on the dance floor, but I've never been disappointed. The crowd is always fun and friendly, rarely if ever have I been groped by strange men and the music is incredibly danceable, even for an awkward tall gal like myself. To avoid the line I always show up right around 10 to make sure I get a full night of booty shakin'. Anytime after 11 in the winter and 10:30 in the summer, expect a wait for yourself. 

My best ZuZu night was when a dancing tunnel magically formed on the dance floor for people to get down in, it made all of my Sandra Dee dreams come true.  And I unabashedly admit a straight-girl-crush on the bartender. She's adorable and always has the funkiest, coolest outfit on.  It might not be the best reason to spend Saturday night at ZuZu! but it's certainly one of mine.
This is my new go-to for late night food whenever I'm in the somerville/cambridge area.

falafel roll-up is really good, the 'cairo salad' they use is delicious.
I've had most of the appetizers and they're all very good, the baba ghanouj and the foul mudammas being particularly well crafted.

being able to get food this fresh and delicious delivered until 3 in the morning is a big plus, good job
Want a place to hold a complete conversation over a good meal, cup of incredibly good coffee, or anything inbetween? Go to Algiers. You can hear yourself think here, and while the service is usually a bit sluggish, sometimes a little too slow, but bring a good conversation, and you are set up for success.

I like the food a lot, it was one of my favorite places to meet up with friends after work and relax with a meal and or a latte. 

Tired of feeling cooped up? Go out on the patio. It's teeny, yes. It's not a great place to people watch (unless you are into staring at the table next to you...) but it's a great place to enjoy the weather and a quiet meal. This is one of the most casually intimate places to dine that I have frequented for the past few years. 

I really really like the couscous plate/meal, I can't remember what they call it. But it tastes like what my mum used to make all the time when I was growing up. Hummus, also very good. 

Did I mention the coffee? It can't be beat. Though you may be tempted to get a dessert after your meal, I would stick just to the coffees, the cakes are all seemingly frozen, so... Stick to the stuff they make there.
Shawarma is good, but owner has a funny/odd personality that can be awkward. Veggie plate is good, but portion size can really be an issue at this place when it comes to their plates. For the price, shouldn't leave thinking I just had an appetizer.
I haven't gone here in a while, last time I came here was before they remodelled.

I came here today with a few coworkers and tried their appetizer Hummos, Salmon Kabob entree and their Lamb Kabob Entree.  While every entree's pretty much over $10, it's a LOT of really good food!  The salad, comes with the entree, was fresh and crisp with cucumbers and tomatoes with salad dressing on the side.  The Salmon and Lamb Kabobs were really tasty!  Like Lyn G., I picked off the charred parts of my veggies, but they were delicious!  Watch out for the grilled pepper, the seedy part sometimes bites back .. ;)

Service was good and friendly.

My coworker was funny, he really missed coming here.  So when he had the rice (sprinkled with saffron, which I hear is more expensive than gold) with a little butter today, his expression was priceless: 

"Mmmmmm I missed the soft rice here".

Hehe, if he hadn't mentioned it, I wouldn't have noticed how soft and fluffy the rice was.  Sometimes to appreciate something, you have to bring a friend... (coworkers can be friends, too, lol!)

-5/15/2007 Update-
I ordered their Chicken Kabob plate to-go today and I really enjoyed it!  I had no idea that they offered options:  Dark or White meat!  I also learned that they offered soup or salad.
Chicken Tarna Wrap........mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....Good.  Think Its lunch time, I'm hungry.
The place is *good enough.* It's no standout, but it's cheap and filling. They don't take plastic, but there's a BoA ATM next door!
yay dolmas!
 mmm, this east side joint's got pockets alright. I heart the gyro or falafel. get it with everything, except pickles. extra hot sauce. delicious! 

plus I think they're one of the only places I can still pick up a yoo-hoo. Who still carries those? east side pocket that's who. they've got it in the bag, i mean pocket.
Food is decent, there are better Indian places around. No waiter service at lunch, and the guy at the counter was quite possibly higher than a kite the last time I was there. My roll was quite large, but my bf wasn't as 
impressed with his food. I had a similar experience as A.W. with the service, people working there always seem confused and the food comes out in an odd way.
Zuzu is the kind of place that would typically make me feel very uncomfortable. The bar is small, you stand out like a sore thumb if you don't dance, and the floor is crowded with people funkier than I. However instead of feeling awkward, I always end up feeling like I belong in the cast of dirty dancing. Soul-le-lujah  Saturday is clearly the best day-but every day is full of fun here. Great music, great staff and even the clumsiest of us end up dancing on tables (for better or for worse).
In theory, Zuzu is a good place for a late night weekend alternative dance party, because the cover is cheap and the DJ is good and the patrons are decent. But in practice, the place is tiny and gets way too crowded for people to be able to really enjoy themselves.  Especially if you're the type of socially introverted person that this place is inclined to attract. It would be a lot more fun if the place had 200 more square feet, or 25 fewer people.
Well the lavash bread was pretty good. I had the beef gyro wrap. It was cheap and pretty big. The service was pretty fast too. 3 stars just cause it was OK. Nothing special though
I am not coming back to this place.

At first, we were amazed how big the servings are, and how quick everything was prepared. But then we realized why. I had a combo plate and lentil soup, and my wife had a chicken roll-up. The soup was watered down, and not tasty. Same goes for their tahini. The meat was burned, and the food did not taste fresh. I generally like middle eastern food, but this place was awful.
I say NO to minimum limits on the bill PER PERSON.
I've always been against that kind of forceful service. However, Habibi's is so deliberately pushy about it, that I understand why it's completely empty 99% of the time.

Servers are always super shady too (look around/stare with sketchy eyes, don't bring our orders until third reminder, don't know what's even offered on the menu). I heard some bad/funny rumors about this place, and that just makes me stay away even more.
This is the best falafel in the city!!  They have a huge selection of toppings you can put on your sandwich and every sandwich is enormous, definitely a filling meal for your money!  Always a line at this place cuz its the best!
Shhh... I tell you this only because I feel for people who are looking for a good breakfast dive. If what you want is a cheap breakfast (under $5)which is filling and fantastic, check out Brookline lunch. They're closed until August 5, 2006 because they're out travelling. The place is small, so do us all a favor and take the brunch group elsewhere. Enjoy this place with crowds of 1-4 for the best experience.
These beardo pervs are allowed to serve food?

When I walked in, the cashier slash cook was commenting to the skinny group of Greek/Arabs of how small this chicks ass was.

Rant: First things first, if your joint is clearly seedy; you better have bomb ass food. You failed by a high margin. Don't slack off watching your lame Greek pop satellite channel and forget you have people to serve jackass. By the way, where the f*ck is your hair net for your chin? 

I ordered the "P2" and the cashier/jackass had no idea what the hell was going on, didn't even try selling a drink to me. I'm glad I had my Austin Bikes thinksport water bottle with me. 

It's like a fraternity for foreigners who couldn't get into a real frat.

Beware they're all here to abduct all of your genetically recessive blonde haired, blue eyed women! Oh yeah, and that photo with those wood chairs for this place is clearly stolen, this place looks nothing like that. A total crock of sh*t.
I have to agree, service was slow despite how desolate the restaurant. Food was good and service is extra polite. The workers at this restaurant are very very humble. I believe the food is cooked fresh, so this is a huge positive, compared to so many buffet style restaurants. It also explains the longer than usual wait times.
Thumbs up for the falafel and shawarma.  

Not a bad place to get a decent lunch with some flavor.  For variety, they have lots of little side dishes.  Shawarma plates come with 2 sides IIRC, so you can give those a try.  Nevertheless, these plates are enough food for a small giant, so I typically opt for a pita sandwich.  

Why do their sandwiches ALWAYS fall apart ??

If you're heading over to Damon and Pythias, you might want to give FK a try.  It's outdated and dingy inside, but what can you do.
I had a taste for a falafel last week so I walked over to JG for lunch.  The Falafel w/ hummus was fantastic!  I've had better lentil soup however at Pita Pita or Ahmo's.
Mosaic Cafe is College Park's newest, best, and only Lebanese restaurant.  I often am of the opinion that the best way to judge a Lebanese place is by its Mezza platters.  I shared the Traditional Mezza ($13.95) with my friend.  It included hommus, mutabol, two falafel, two grape leaves and two spanakopita (with two pieces of very tasty, fresh pita).

Initially, we were shocked. I am used to (and still prefer) Mezza platters with very small portions of many different dishes.  However, the savior of this meal was the fact that the portions of hommus and mutabol are very large, so large that we had to get two more pieces of pita just to finish them.

On to the food: The hommus was fairly basic but had very subtle undertones that made it particularly good.  While at first I was not a fan of the mutabol, it grew on me and its tangy flavors added a great contrast to the hommus.  The grape leaves were ok but not quite as good as I have had other places.  The falafels were great, but pretty standard.  The spanakopita was very tastey, but fairly greasy.  This lead to the best quote of the day: "I can always go for a greasy spanakopita" (something about that sounds really dirty).

The atmosphere is very nice with lots of art and a big screen tv playing Middle Eastern music videos.  A warning: specify tap water when you go if you do not want to be charged for bottled water.  If you just ask for water they will assume you mean bottled.  They have live music many nights and are also a popular place for hookah.

Overall, a very good place with a lot of delicious options.  I certainly would recommend it to anyone in College Park looking for a satisfying Lebanese meal.
Grabbed a quick lunch here today.  And I mean quick.  The food was in front of me before I could finish paying.

I got the chicken shawerma plate ($7.50), which came with chicken, rice, hummus and a greek salad (I substituted the salad with tabouli for 50 cents extra).  I also got a side of stuffed grapeleaves ($1.50 for 2 grapeleaves), which came with a spoonful of tsatsiki (garlicky cucumber/yogurt mixture).

The verdict: mostly delicious.  Loved the chicken and the rice.  Having grown up on tabouli and hummus, I'm picky about them.  I thought the hummus was a little heavy on the tahini.  I like it a little thinner and more garlicky/lemony.  Tabouli was fresh... I could have used more lemon, and I salted it a little.  But that's just me being missing the homemade stuff grandma used to make.  Honestly, everything was great.

Plus you can eat outside, and the weather is fantastic today.

Cheap, speedy and tasty!
The Good:

The Falafel was a good flavor and not too dry and I seemed to get a lot of bang for my buck.

The Bad:

Something was missing I don't know if it was the lack of flavor in the hummus or the over all blah factor to the food (or perhaps the horrible company I had that night).

The Ugly:

Those battered and then deap fried potato things.  I mean gross.  First off they had no flavor and second are they trying to kill me?

Over all I wouldn't reccomend this palce, I hear the falafel place on Gayley is much better but I have yet to make my adventure over there yet so check with another Yelper for the low down.
Yeah - cool place. Go inside and look up at the slat ceiling.

Nice people - I told them what I wanted, and they made it - simple and quick. Probably closer to real Med food than some other (ahem - pita) places. Decent prices - and nice people. Parking is a bitch - of course - but it's worth a couple of orbits to get over here and get some good Med food.

They have a nice mango drink - don't order it or they will be out when I get there :-)
This is the only place I will go Vegetarian. The Hummus is so good I don't need to eat meat.
So ridiculously cheap, it's like you stepped into a time machine bound for the 50s.

The place is pretty small, but the food is cheap and fast. I got a mushroom omelette, but it was stuffed with all kinds of other grilled vegetables as well, and only for $3.50! They don't have a whole lot of vegan options, but did have a falafel sandwich that my vegan friend was quite tasty. One of the bigger items on the menu is the Ultimate Omelette, which comes with bacon, sausage, ham, chicken, home fries, toast, and grilled veggies. Oh yeah, and there's even an omelette with cheese in there too.

The atmosphere is a bit frenetic and busy, but very casual and easygoing. Be prepared to wait!
Favorite parts of Sphinx:
-Superior (best) quality tobacco in a large bowl for $12? I'm sure it costs even less than that at cost, but it's still one of the cheapest I've seen, and it'll last a couple of hours.
-Drinks are hit or miss, but some are really good. I usually go for the tamer hindi- I have no idea what fruit it's derived from (unhelpfully, the menu says "sweet & sour fruit") but it's darn delicious.
-Cool atmosphere. It's inside an old church, so they still have the balcony where (presumably) the organ or choir would've been. They keep the inside pretty dark and play some Arabic version of MTV on a flat-screen. A lot of Pitt and CMU students frequent here, which is usually not a bad thing, although sometimes it gets a bit loud.
-Easy access, although finding parking is a bit difficult. The South Side is crazy for driving on Friday or Saturday night, so it's nice having a hookah bar in Oakland away from the traffic.

Bottom line: of the hookah bars in Pittsburgh, I'm pretty sure Sphinx is my favorite. I think, for the most part, it's a matter of personal preference- Sphinx has the best atmosphere and is probably the cheapest, Hookah Bookah is a bit more expensive but has (I think) the best tobacco, and Hkan is decent, but popular because they have a full bar. Try them all, because there's not a lot of rhyme or reason as to which one you like best.
Food: Simply delicious. First time I've ever had a falafel sandwich served as a wrap, but it worked nicely, it was much less messier than when served in pita bread. The falafel were a bit dry but had a great, strong flavor to them. I was told the sandwich would come with a "salad", but that salad ended up being three or four pickled vegetables. The baba ghanouj was was cold which leads me to believe that it may have been frozen at some point, but it tasted great either way. The presentation of all the food was great too, it wasn't just tossed on a plate, they actually put some work into arranging it, which is an important detail that is often overlooked by most restaurants. 
I didn't order anything to drink, but did notice a few beers in a cooler... It'd be awesome if they had some Mediterranean soft drinks or beers, like Maccabee or Goldstar. I realize it's probably expensive to import beers, but it's something to consider.

Service: The waitress we had was very attentive even though she was the only one there and seemed to be swamped with work... I think she was cooking and serving and bundling carryout orders all at the same time.

Ambiance - This is where the place loses stars:
The interior of this place needs some work, the retro booths accompanied by tables that have the tablecloth stapled on are a bit too tacky. The smallest table could barely fit one person, but the only other size table seats 6! I went on a Sunday evening and there was literally no one else there, but they were pretty busy with carryout orders. And for some reason the AC was cranked on to the 45°F setting (even though it was only 70 outside)...which took away from the mediterranean feel. Also, something needs to be done about the ridiculously bright fluorescent lights, it's like they were borrowed from the neighboring liquor store... gave the whole place a very industrial feel, no warmth.

Summary:
I don't make it to Champaign too often, but when I go to visit my sister at U of I (Go Illini !!), I will most likely head back here because the falafel sandwich was delicious and the portions were very filling. Hopefully by that time they've improved the interior and go for a more authentic feel. Meanwhile, I'll stick to Pita Inn in the Chicago area.
I like shawarma, i really do. it's awesome. i've backpacked through europe and had it literally everyday for 5 weeks. literally everyday, it was cheap and i was broke... and i never got tired of it. Then i got to ucla and was like o snap i can eat it more and boy was i dissapointed. Everything was super dry, think like beef jerky status dry, and really that just killed it. I was so sad. and it was expensive. Maybe if i could get it for less than 5 bucks it's be 3stars, maybe... but at like around 10 bucks, nuh uh.
Aceituna has become my goto place for lunch. Fast service, generous portions, reasonably priced, and very tasty too! What I probably love the most about Aceituna is the little things they do...like not giving you 90 cents in change when you can't find that darn dime.
I was really disappointed with their chicken.  It was definitely too dry for me.  Same thing applies to the tri-tip beef platter, really dry beef.  But the hummus and garlic sauce are pretty good.  However, probably won't go back again.
My wife and I went to this place one evening when they had a bellydancing party (hafla).  We ordered hummus, felafel, kefta kebab, and lamb kebab.  The hummus and felafel were not impressive and had too fine a texture, but the meat dishes were great.  The service was excellent and the staff friendly, courteous, and attentive.  The dancing was excellent, but they had problems with the sound system.
Where to begin. The food is good, but it ends there. It's not exactly clean and sometimes I shudder to think of the sanitary standards at this establishment. The waitstaff sometimes looks kind of grungy, in the I DONT EVER SHOWER OR WASH MY CLOTHES sort of way. I remember one time our waitress had a shirt that didnt even cover up her chubby belly. Appetizing.
They waitstaff are not only too cool to wash but they are too cool to serve you your food or even ask you for your order. I have been there once (October 19th) and no one BOTHERED to go to my table for at least an hour (I think it may have been a bit longer but I'm trying to forget that memory). Not cool when your guests are HUNGRY and willing to pay. 
Another tidbit of major suckage, they sometimes add a tip onto the bill. Now, if you aren't careful you won't notice. I guess they know they're service sucks but they want to get paid for it anyhow. 
The food isn't particularly memorable, for that matter. The plates (to me) always seem filthy anyhow.
The shows...I've only been to two. The downstairs is sort of weird, it has it's own atmosphere or something...i swear it was raining in there.
You should know this up front: THEY CHARGE 15% GRATUITY FOR PARTIES OF 2. 

Yes, that's correct. 

And parties of 3? 18%, and it only goes up from there. As far as terrible restaurants go, this is king of the turd stack. It's absolutely horrible how badly they rip you off. They don't explain anything on the bill, you can't argue with them (every mysterious charge on the bill is simply "tax" or part of their arbitrary gratuity). Seriously, this place needs to be demolished, then shut down, in that order. There's always some douchey Bentley parked out front with some douchey guy in a douchey suit hustling you in like he's some kind of pimp. The whole place is lit in red light, just like brothels in Thailand, except with less charm. Yes, this place has less charm than a Thai brothel. The food barely passes muster, and the service is just as bad as the owner's douchey beard. 

Avoid.
I always walk past this place but never thought of trying it because it looks kinda shady. It is usually pretty empty, lunch or dinner time. So, I have no clue how this place survives. One day, my friend ordered some falafel and grape leaves wrap for takeout just for the heck of it. She was a little unsure if she wanted to try them and I ended up being the scapegoat. The food wasn't fresh and my friend saw the guy reheating the food in a microwave instead of preparing them from scratch. The falafel ended up a little dry and the little leave wraps were sour. I was not sure if it was supposed to taste like that but I found it awful. Maybe I should try the shwarma instead.
My friends and I go here sometimes just for the mind blowingly good lavash bread.  We get a large and just rip and dip our night away and we always leave happy.  Whenever I go I like to try something new, and I have not been disappointed yet.  All the food is realiable and soooo tasty and rich.

The location kinda sucks and its small, but packed with awesome food.
If you like middle eastern, GO HERE!!
Cheap eats, balling spectacular food
Skipped the hour wait at cafe Luna, walked around the corner to find this gem. Home fries have a ton of veggies. So good.
I was craving some Greek food and didn't want to wait for food to be delivered so I decided to check this place out. Never came here my whole time at UCLA so I am glad that I finally got to try it. I was a little overwhelmed in choosing the side dishes since the server didn't really explain which ones were included in the 5 sides (olives or hummus is counted the same as rice or salad), but the guy was nice and he let me trade the dolmas for the rice. Will definitely come here again.
after reading all about this place, we were excited to go and try it. sure enough, the line was long enough to suggest that the food might be delish! wrong. the falafel were not very tasty and were rather soggy as opposed to crunchy. the hummus was sub par, the lettuce looked like it had been sitting there for a while, and the place just seemed like chaos. the lamb gyro was also not very tasty and skimped on the meat sure, its a tiny, cheap, eatery that's not supposed to be a true sit down restaurant, but i dont think i'll be coming back... maybe the chicken is better? that's what i saw everyone ordering, but if i'm going to a falafel and gyro place for chicken, you know something's wrong...
Discovered this place on accident one fateful night in early 2006 with my new boyfriend. At the time I lived in Everett and visited the U district often to go to The Varsity to watch the latest foreign/independent film.

 At the time, it was the size of a hallway, two or three tables against the wall, and a bar with 6 stools. They have since taken on more space and classed it up a bit. He ordered the chicken gyro, I ordered the spanopita (spinach feta pita) and we shared a side of falafel balls. This was four years ago and I still remember how I felt when I ate my meal. Amazed that such wonderful, flavorful, savory food could come from such a hole in the wall in Seattle. The turmeric rice is the perfect complement to the wraps. The falafel s are perfectly fried.

We started to go to Aladdin's every time we went to Seattle. I stuck with the Spanopita, he went to the Kofta gyro. We moved to Bellingham. Now, I long for Aladdins. Any excursion to Seattle is an opportunity for us to order our usuals. I even got my picky little brother, who eats hungry man frozen dinners almost every night, to love the food here. 

For the life of me. I can not comprehend why anyone would go to the likes of pita pit, when you can have authentic, delicious pitas down the road for a fraction of the cost and a taste that is exponentially superior. However, this does not mean I want them to be in the line when I come down from Bellingham. To each their own I suppose. More spanopitas for me.
I work at the university and on my first day my colleagues brought me here. Since than I have been hooked not only is the food excellent. Samir is awesome as well, he is always friendly and happy .  My favorite is the falafel sandwich but if you ask for it spicy. Samir puts this delicious green stuff on; i don't know what it is it but it is amazing.  This is a great place hidden in the U-district.  Also try the cauliflower and french fry sandwich it sounds weird but it is really good.  Stop on by and treat yourself to a delicious meal.
I was on a lunch date today, and we decided to go here because I'd never been. I've been around the UCLA campus for the better part of the last decade, and was surprised at myself for never having been. It seems like a Westwood Village institution!

The menu was very simple, short and In-N-Out style. Falafel, chicken or beef shawarma are pretty much the main staples. I ordered the falafel wrap because I figured it was my first time and I should probably get what the place is named after. Lunch for 2 people was around 15 bucks, was made right there and handed to us in seconds.

The wrap was huge and almost impossible to pick up with your hands; and I got tahini sauce all over my face and hands the first few tries. It was stuffed with a generous amount of crispy hot falafel, lettuce, and sauce on fluffy bread. Absolutely delicious. I wish they had more toppings available, like Bella Pita, and I wish the falafel was a little hotter, because it cooled down right away after I started to eat it, but it was very good. Fried pita chips on the side, too. I tried my best to finish it, and regret now that I tried so hard, as I sit here at my desk.

It's also right next door to the public parking structure, so you can park for free! And you can stay longer, since your car is RIGHT THERE next door, and be able to get back to work in under an hour an not get in trouble. 

I will definitely make this a usual lunch place, now that I discovered it. It's healthy, right?
First off, I love that this place is in a palace. I guess it used to be a White Castle (I have no idea if that is true or not). 

I stopped by after a beer at the Cantab before heading to a friends place. One of the workers was out sweeping the front started flirting with a girl that was waiting. It was amusing to watch. Especially since he failed. 

The falafel sandwich was good. Not as good as Falafel king, but tasted a bit healthier. There was a hint of basil that was a welcome surprise. I also ordered an order of stuffed grape leaves. It came in a set of four on a cucumber salad. The sandwich and grape leaves were paid for with a ten and I got some change back. (I think it was 8 + change). 

I'll go back if I'm in the area.
Meat. Rice. Persian Tea.

S'all I need when I'm here. My friend and I are great fans of their shish kabob and their chicken kabob.  We stay away from any of the kabobs that are ground meat of any sort because why eat ground meat when you can have hot juicy succulent pieces of chicken and beef?  One of us will get the shish kabob and one will get the chicken, and we'll share our meats. 

When you order one or the other, you get your choice of either soup or salad. Usually, I think the soup is a barley soup, the salad is nice and basic.  After that, you get your giant plate with your meat and an Enormous Mountain Of Basmati Rice.  The rice is absolutely lovely, but I often feel like I'm drowning in it. At least you know you won't run out of it.

Their baklava is delicious, and their persian tea is very wonderful. I do wish they got more customers regularly. Some nights, they get enough traffic, but other nights, they're pretty empty. That's okay. More meat for me!
After about two months, I managed to venture my way back here. I got the lamb plate and I have to say it was much better this time. It must just really depend on the time of day and who is working when you order, but this place seems to be hit or miss.
I got grape leaves and my friend got falafel.

They don't heat up your pita. It's borderline stale and been sitting out forever, I wonder if they even make it fresh in the mornings? I doubt it. But that made a giant difference.

The grape leaves were good, as were the falafel. Very distinctly Mediterranean flavors. But seriously WHY didn't they heat up our pitas? It would've made everything so much better.

Bad thing number two is that the only difference between dine-in and to-go is a plastic bag. Everything is served in styrofoam and plastic utensils. This place is single-handedly building their own landfill fort.
Have always liked their Roasted Chicken. I love it with the garlic sauce (more of a paste than sauce).

Their Hummus is really good too.
YUM! 
it's a pretty good place, something different to eat in the college park area that's not a fast food chain. I love Chipotle and all but sometimes, I'm just craving a different taste in a burrito. And if you know me, you would know how much I hate California Tortilla and Qdoba so those places are out of the question, in terms of burritos. 
Anyway, I get the naan wrap with pretty much a little of everything. Perfect amount of spices, heat and the ingredients seem pretty fresh. I have always enjoyed my meal and it's usually enough to share half with someone. Not expensive. 
I did come once when they didn't have all the toppings and stuffings available, which was a little disappointing since it was like early evening (not near closing time at all). Not the cleanest place to eat at but just what you would expect from a place like this. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I have only tried the chicken naan wrap with all the fixings so I can only comment on that. Don't think I would be interested in any of their mexican dishes... a little skeptical. I'll probably stick with what I know because that's the only thing I crave when I head to Krazi Kebob.
This place is a dump.

I guess if you really want to go to a hookah cafe and can't make it over to hookah bookah...this has to be your only choice.

I think it's dirty and overpriced.  If you are coming into the city for a hookah lounge..just do yourself and your group a favor and stay away from this one.  Take a ride down to E. Carson and go to Hookah Bookah.  Much better.
I've joined the ZANKOU CHICKEN CRAZE.  I've lived in LA for almost 3 years, and I've heard the hype about his place from several people - never believed them, cause come on it's just Chicken!  But it was my time, and I finally tried it  2 months ago...

I was in London, and my friend Chris, who is now an expat and an ex- LA resident, told me this is the one place he misses the most in LA - that's a pretty strong affection he has for Zankou...  I return back to LA, and I was chatting with the driver on my way back to my apartment and told him how hungry I was and how much the British food sucked.  He asked me  "do you like middle eastern food?"  I said  "Yes"... he suggested Zankou Chicken a couple blocks away from my apartment... now, how come I never knew there was one sooo close to me??  Anyway, the guy was middle eastern, so I trusted him.  He said, "Ya, go to Zankou, it is very good.  Or you can come join me and my family at my sister's house, I am going to have lunch with them after I drop you off"  Since I had just met the guy, and my Mama always told me not to go home with strangers, I went to Zankou, and my life has never been the same.

There you have it, a girl's discovery of Zankou chicken... don't try to fight the Zankou love, it will happen to you very soon!

Cheap, juicy, fragrant chicken - I couldn't ask for more.  The pickled turnip is so crunchy and adds a nice flavor to your dish... and mmm, garlic sauce.  Tarna chicken is my favorite.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOOOOVED all of it - AMAZING hummus, tabbouleh, fresh shawarma and fallafel, and great customer service. 

It took forever to wait for the food, but they hooked it UP in a major way. 

The Palestinian man who works there was awesome. 

Definitely going to go back....
A really great place for take-out when you don't feel like cooking.  A few people have mentioned the ambiance, but I don't think that's really fair when you're talking about a place that serves you super delicious food in a styrofoam container.  It's not meant to be some fancy place with table service. Be glad they give you some tables and chairs.  Some places don't even have that!  At any rate, the food is really quite good and you just GOTTA go crazy with that garlic sauce/spread as you make yourself mini-wraps of torn pita bread/small forkful of chicken/dab of hummus.  It's also nice that they have added tabbouleh to the menu, and I gotta say that it's pretty tasty.  I can't speak to the authenticity, but as far as taste I would rank Zankou's tabbouleh above that of Mediterranean Cafe and Cafe Santorini, and that's quite a statement for me because I love Cafe Santorini.  I would love to try the kebabs but every time I hear someone try to order it, the cashier asks if they can wait 20 minutes.  I don't always have 20 minutes so I don't even try, but maybe one of these days.  My favorite things are the chicken tarna plate the roasted chicken wrap.  It's kind of reassuring to know that I'm not the only person who doesn't eat those purple pickles.  Those little peppers, tho, have the right amount of heat if you're looking for something spicy.

Agree that parking can be chore.  They even have a sign asking that you not risk parking at McDonalds since they might tow you.  90% of the time I'm getting take-out, but I don't really want to risk my car getting towed so I park on Holliston.
Good, fast, fresh, cheap, substantive. If you like hot sauce w your falafel, they have it.
Falafel King doesn't just do falafel right, they do the shawarma right too! 

The beef/lamb shawarma pita sandwich (~$9) is my favorite, and they pack it in with salad and hummus and top it off with some chips.  That's plenty enough for me to fill me up.  They also offer plates which is about the same but you also can get some sides as well.  yum! just writing about it makes me want to go there for lunch...

After daphne's left westwood, there's only here and Bella pita for your pita sandwiches, and I prefer Falafel King.
Heidar Baba has been on my radar for a while, as I've been quite curious about Persian/Iranian food. It might be sort of surprising that my first visit was so delayed, since this place is just across the street from campus. The reason for the delay was because I've been on a sushi craze lately, so I didn't really get a chance to drop by, until there came a day that I was short on cash and remembered that this place had posters for $6.95 lunch specials plastered onto its windows. 

While just one visit to a single establishment is certainly not enough to judge an entire type of cuisine, I like what I've tried so far from here and with more than justifiable lunch prices, my patronage to Heidar Baba will definitely be recurring. 

Other reviewers who've mentioned large portion sizes have hit the mark: a single lunch combo alone is enough to feed two people. I selected the lamb koobideh combo from the lunch special menu, which included basmati rice and a salad. On top of that, a meal includes a complimentary side of pita bread and a platter of pickles, basil, a yellow pepper and a pat of butter. 

It's great that a free starter is included, but let's just put it this way... if it had cost even just a dollar, I would not have ordered the pita and platter. The pita was cold, dry and bland... Not great, and the other stuff on the plate didn't do much to help its cause either. Perhaps I'm only complaining because I'm not used to eating pita bread without hummus, (though that would have made eating it immensely more enjoyable), so try not to roll your eyes while reading this, if I come off as ignorant and oblivious to some cultural eating tradition, i.e., having pita without hummus. You'll have to excuse my unworldliness. I won't count the pita and meze dish (I think that's they're called, forgive me if I'm mistaken) against them however, seeing as both were free of charge. 

On a different note, I'm happy to report that the lamb koobideh and basmati rice were phenomenal! While the difference between kebab and koobideh is still not quite clear to me (is it that kebabs are skewered?), I thoroughly enjoyed the lamb koobideh. Warm, tender, juicy, flavorful--every quality a meat lover could ever ask for. The only problem? The lunch combo comes with just one! 

You would think that after a lifetime of eating rice nearly everyday, you would hardly be impressed with being served rice as a main dish at an eatery--and for that matter, you'd be sorely wrong. From what I've experienced, Heidar Baba may serve what is my favorite basmati rice. The grains of rice are nice and long, and portions are huge, though truthfully, I use this word too liberally; huge is an understatement. I enjoyed every spoonful, as the rice was clearly well-cooked, made evident by its wonderfully soft texture and subtle but savory seasonings. 

I can't really comment on the salad, as I left it barely touched after I was done with the rice and koobideh. It was fresh, I suppose. The lettuce was crisp and the lone broccoli was a nice touch. You have a giant's stomach and should seriously consider starting your own Man vs Food series (oh how I miss that show) if you're not full by the time your plate is clear. 

There was no shortage of tables, with the majority of customers coming by to pick up their orders for take-out, rather than dining in. Not that this place is inhospitable; I found nothing wrong at all with the atmosphere actually. But for most, time is a luxury and most people would rather spend their lunchtime doing something else, I guess, based on the amount of students and businessmen I observed walking in and out. So don't let all the empty seats stop you from coming here. Plus, it's nice to be eating in a peaceful and quiet setting every once in a while, isn't it? 

With all the transient customers, it's understandable that the servers would give less attention to people dining-in, and even less to anybody not considered a regular. Nevertheless, I was kind of annoyed at how difficult it was to get a server's attention, especially since a couple of workers seemed to be more engaged in their own conversations than their jobs. It took a while for me to get refills and the check. For the most part though, the servers were amiable, even if a bit neglectful.

If you have yet to familiarize yourself with Persian cuisine, Heidar Baba is an excellent place to start. With such inexpensive prices and enormous portions, you'll miss out on a great opportunity to do so if you decide to skip out on a visit.
Summary: Falafel was so-so.

Okay, I love local businesses and I love Austin and I love Tom's roasted garlic hummus.  I buy the hummus from Wheatsville and Whole Foods regularly.  However, I was not as impressed with the falafel wrap.

Lettuce: fresh, crisp

Hummus: smooth, delicious

Falafel: Fairly bland.  Texture was fine.

Onions: None (this is a big miss, for me)

Other flavorings: None

French fries: So-so.

Water: Cold?

The atmosphere of the store is great and I doubtless will return because I know this place is capable of better.
This cafe gives new meaning to the phrase "fast food."  You get your food the moment you are done ordering.  Yet it isn't the usual fast food.  I get the chicken shawerma plate.  When I first saw the chicken I thought, uhoh dry dark meat.  But it isn't  It's just wonderfully flavored, incredibly tender chicken.  It has that all-day slow-cooked, melt-in-your mouth deliciousness.  Plus it comes on tender and flavorful rice, with fresh, soft pita, hummus, a greek-ish salad, amazing garlic sauce and hot sauce. I've also had the grape leaves, which come with tatziki sauce, and they are scrumptious too.  The portions are just right.  I'm small, so I only eat half the plate and save the plate (it reheats perfectly), but my 6'4 bf can eat the shawerma plate plus an order of grape leaves.  The prices also can't be beat, ranging around eight bucks for a plate and six for a wrap.  I cannot get enough of this place.   I'm craving it as I'm writing this.  The only caveat is they close early, and they really close an hour earlier than listed unless you want take-out only (patio is only open until an hour before closing).  So beware of the hours, but go! It's fabulous.
I went only to support a friend of mines' band. They did awesome! 

I also met the owners, Nabile and Joseph! They are great guys. Even though the kitchen was closed they had the chef prepare  a maza plate.
I Will definite return! and my next review won't be at 330a!
I prefer this place over Turkish Empire Grill. Place maybe small but very adorable makes me feel like I am in Turkey!! Service is great friendly, even though portions are small but its worth it.
i have no idea what a "wowshi" really is or should be, but it's tasty. the best way i can describe it? it's a mediterranean calzone. the chicken version is $5.5 and it sure is a lot of food.  there's also a toppings bar which consists of cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, and some sauces. the white sauce is the one to get, and the "really hot sauce" is, well, really hot. this place also has fried cauliflower--but i didn't try it.
I eat here way too much.  Its awesome!  I get the vege combo platter to go.  4 of them for us for the week!  The food here is totally consistent each time and I have been eating here for over 5 years.  I would say everything on the menu is excellent!

Go!
Didn't get the highly recommended falafel (don't like the balls) but got the chicken shawarma. All I have to say is stick to the falafel b/c the shawarma was drenched in hummus. I am not a big fan of hummus so that was not a good choice for me. I think I have bad luck w/ mediterranean food. 

I remember when this place used to be a boba cafe so the inside changed a lot. Kind of dingy looking but its Berkeley!
East Side Pockets is my favorite falafel joint. The sandwich assembly is brutally efficient; you'll be ten people deep in line and have your own delicious wrap paid for in just over five minutes.

The falafel itself is great -- moist, with great flavor and texture. Meats are top-notch, too. When I'm visiting Providence, I usually get a combo pocket so I can get both falafel and either gyro meat or chicken.

The ingredients are fresh and plentiful, and you'll have your choice of greens, hot sauce, tahini, etc.. The wraps are brilliantly constructed. Despite the relatively thin wrap, I've never had a wrap fall apart on me, and they're always clean enough to walk and eat (though I wouldn't recommend this approach).

Pro tip: Leaving a dollar in the tip jar will get you a handful of pastries. Great way to leave with a little baklava chaser.
I've only been upstairs to see metal shows and I love this place.

When ever I hear that there is a show worth going to here I get really excited. There's a very big dance/mosh floor and the set up of the stage is nice.  It's layout gives a very metal atmosphere. Hahaha... even the bathroom is metal.

They have beer in bottles and cans so drinking can be cheap. The only problem I have ever had is one time I kept getting skunk Coors Light. It was pretty nasty.
 
I would have to say this is my favorite place in the Boston area for shows.
I've enjoyed Toms Tabooley's hummus, that can be bought at several locations all over austin, several times, but I finally got around to eating there today.  Even though the menu was very simple, I still had trouble making a decision.  Everything was very reasonable priced and the staff was very friendly.  I had the Special, which is a falafel wrap and a side of hand-cut fries for $5, both the wrap and the fries were delicious.  The interior is very cute with a mix of old style diner tables/chairs/booths and some very comfy looking sofas.  The food is cooked to order, but they also have some cold dishes that are already prepared for carry out if you need to pick up a quick bite on the run.  If you can't get around to Toms Tabooley, you should at least pick up a tub of their hummus the next time you are at Whole Foods or Wheatsville Co-op
The Pike Place Market favorite has opened a 2nd location in the University District to serve the University of Washington students & staff.  This is a larger sit-down restaurant compared to the small take-out location at the market.  The owner, Yacob Gazaee, was the cook for the Mediterranean Kitchen in Bellevue and formerly in Queen Anne for 6 years.

If you love garlic this is the place!  Falafel, gyros, chicken & lamb shawarma, shish tawook, dajaj mishwi, kafta kabob, spanakopita, hummous, zahra, baba ghanuje, & baklawa.

I had the lamb shawarma & lentil soup.  $9 seems to be the average for a full-meal.
Holy crap. I wasn't sure what I wanted for lunch so I just browsed Yelp! for the highest rated restaurants. This one pops up and I just want to say...

THANK YOU YELPERS!

I got the beef kabobs and they were so very flavorful. They serve that with pita, hummus, side salad, and rice. Garlic spread/hot sauce. My lord. This is good. Usually at mediterranean places I get gyros or rotisserie chicken... but BEEF KABOBS PLEASE.
Parking is tricky lol either youre lucky and find parking on the street..... they do have their own parking. If youre coming from Colorado Blvd, either way.... you turn on the street where McDonalds is at and turn right again right away on a lot and go all the way back until the end. On your right hand side there are like 10 parkings. Aside from that, I love their juicy crispy chicken (white meat of course) which you do have to wait about 10 minutes because they dont have white meat ready. Anyways also the chicken kabob is yummy but hardly any taste. My fav would be the beef kabob. If you want to subtitute your side for something else.... just let them know.
130? Little drunk? Hankering for a nom nom? Gyro's is just about as good as it gets. Lamb and beef combo all day, everyday. They take card here (but charge 50 cents) while the other one doesn't and I think this one tastes way better. When I'm starving, Gyros is literally my default.
Once again, I am letdown by a highly rated restaurant without the food to substantiate the claims.

I am going to have to preface every review the same!: I came here on a Saturday late afternoon (5:30PM ish), so maybe I just had a rare experience and caught Samir's at an off-time...(For the record, I don't know Samir, but I don't think he was working--just a woman and a teenage boy who appeared to be related.)

On to the food...

We started with a hummus appetizer, which my girlfriend and her sister really liked, but I thought was just so-so. Unfortunately, the pita bread was kind of stale, and that's a disappointment; it's one of a few ingredients in a really simple dish, so every bit counts. On the plus side, the olive oil was definitely flavorful.

For dinner, I had the falafel plate, my girlfriend had a chicken plate, and her sister had a chicken gyro.

Perhaps, for the first time in my life, I can't say that the falafel was bland--but "salty" isn't what I was really looking for. Overall, the falafel was decently crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, which is the right balance. If it wasn't for the spicing, these could have been quite good.

My girlfriend's chicken was moist, but just wasn't anything special. Not bad, but not great.

I didn't try the chicken gyro, but the feedback was similar to the chicken plate--not bad, but not great.

Since this was my girlfriend's sister's last meal in Seattle, we decided to do things properly by ordering baklava and Turkish coffee. Since I'm a sweet fan, if a dessert is sweet, I can't call it bad. But the baklava, honestly, was almost bad. A good baklava should have light, crispy phyllo--I honestly couldn't cut Samir's version, no matter how hard I pressed down. In order to break it apart into edible pieces, I had to use my teeth. It was as if the sugar liquid had thoroughly soaked all the phyllo and been allowed time to set. Again, it was sweet, and the flavor was definitely close to what it should be, but those qualities can't overpower the problems.

Would I eat at Samir's again? Well, given the price, it's not like I would avoid this place like the plague--you aren't going to miss a mortgage payment if you stop by for a full dinner. That being said, I would definitely try many other places before coming back.
I contracted a really bad food borne illness at this particular Zankou Chicken years ago so I have steered clear of it ever since. I was extremely ill for two weeks or more. I always get decent food at the Glendale location though, always fresh. Keep in mind I said "years" ago though so I don't know if it is better now or not.
We love this place.  We typically get one of the platters and the falafel is great.  Great meal.  Mt is close by and I go there at least once  a week.

Owners work hard and are always friendly.
LOVE Saca's! Have been coming here for years. They, hands down, have the freshest, tastiest, and highest quality falafel. I also love their baba ghanouj!
The family is very friendly. The restaurant is always impeccably clean.
Great place for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike!
We've been trying to get here for several years.  Tonight all the stars unexpectedly lined up behind the clouds.  I'm so glad they did.

The menu with pictures is the best thing since sliced brea... oops, their fresh baked lavash rises high above plain sliced bread!!!  Wonderful.

We started with Stuffed Grape Leaves (8 for $5.95) and thought they were good, but not as good as we've had at Athos or those homemade by our friend.

I ordered the Lamb Tandur ($12.95) which came with rice, sauteed onions and pickled cabbage.  The lamb had a good amount of flavor and pulled apart easily but was very dry.  Wrapped in the lavash and dipped in the yogurt sauce the lamb was quite enjoyable.

My wife had the Curry Iskender ($9.95) with beef and the same onions and cabbage sides as on my dish.  It was a nice flavorful, Mediterranean spiced curry.  Quite tasty.

The portions were large enough that we didn't have room for dessert, but we both had wanted to try the Baklava.  Simple solution, we got the baklava to go - 4 small pieces in an order for $4.95.  It had a nice flaky top and sat in a not overly sweet syrup.  It hit the spot for that late night snack.

They do not have an alcohol license so choices are your basic sodas (free cup refill), Turkish coffee and tea, hot chocolate, American coffee, juices imported from Turkey (peach, apricot, sour cherry), and Ayran yogurt drink.
In a land that public transportation shuts down at 12:45 am, bars at 1 or 2 am, and other restaurants usually 10:00-11:00 pm Falafel Palace stays open to the wee hour of 3 am. Not only that but today, on the heels of the remnants of Hurricane Irene, when every other restaurant seemed closed, Moody's was not. 

They serve a variety of Middle Eastern fare from their namesake falafels to shawarma to tasty desserts like baklava and bird's nests. They serve the food cheap. They serve the food in a mini-castle in the middle of Central Square. That's why they've been a staple of the area for years. I'm pretty sure Matt Damon loves the place. I'm sure that a lot of other people do too. Count me among them. 

There are some cons- the quality hasn't always been exactly steady. Sometimes the chicken just isn't as good as it usually is. Sometimes the lamb isn't. Sometimes it's the falafel. But nevertheless any of their dishes are generally excellent. And be careful, the wraps can get mighty soggy at the bottom.
Cheap, excellent falafel sandwiches - open late - great people watching.  What more can you ask for?  Well, you could ask for a little bit more seating, but beyond that, this place is a real gem - especially late at night.
After throwing Mediterranean Cafe around as a lunch option for quite some months, we decided to actually eat here. My friend ordered the chicken kebab and I had the chicken shawerma--both served "standard" with a generous dollop of hommus, salad, rice, and a pita bread encased in a plastic bag. Despite agreeing with Nate's, "I really like this place; this is really good," I secretly contended with myself over whether the food was worth 8 dollars a box. My shawerma was alright...not dry but not moist like how I prefer my chicken, and Nate's kebabs were probably only one seasoning ahead of tasting exactly like my own. The other items were enjoyable--even hommus which until that point, I did not jive with. 

Efficient service--made for efficiency in eating, gave off that "get in, get food, eat, leave" vibe. Nice nice fellas behind the counter. I'd come back...I know Nate would.
So they don't fresh-fry the falafel here (who in Boston does?)
I feel like the sizes have gone down as the prices have gone up (even when the attendant flirts with me, c'mon!)
And I have definitely had an unpleasant experience or two with the manager when I have called about placing bulk orders for some big parties I organize.

Regardless, with generous late night hours, multiple options for vegans, and a $4 meal, it is hard not to like this place.

The vegetarian platter is still a steal, and good to share with a friend.  I picked up the grape-leaf wrap (with extra pickles) the other night and was pleasantly surprised.  The lamb schwarma is a bit of a let down, but still one of the better ones you can find in the area.

I often find my self chatting with strangers while I wait, and am rather sure I have vague memories of one sharing his food with me... 

So yeah, it is hard to turn down a suggestion to hit up Moody's (unless maybe you want a seat), and their prices have aways to go before I start to think twice about walking into this former White Castle joint.
I went to Zankou Chicken for the first time today and I'll admit, I was a bit skeptical about eating there. I am not too big of a fan of Mediterranean food. I decided to try their 2-kabob combo plate and ordered the chicken and tri-tip. The chicken was AMAZING. It was juicy and tender and the garlic sauce it came with tasted great as well. I enjoyed the variety of rice, onions, pita & hummus, and even the cooked tomato and jalapenos on the side. I would definitely come back to this place again!

The only downside was I found it a little difficult to find. If you are going down Colorado, it's near Pasadena City College on the same side. I would have never found this place if someone hadn't recommended it!
Every time I go here, I stick with my usual grilled veggie and hummus wrap. The veggies are actually flavorful and never nuked or nasty, the hummus cool and creamy, and the pita bread soft and fluffy. Nothing too fancy though way better than Zankou Chicken.  Bea Arthur ate here, so if it's good enough for the Golden Girls it's good enough for me!
Fun location in Central Square and great middle eastern menu. The hummus and tabouleh were yummy and my beef kebabs were so delicious and tender! 

Only complaint is that the service was not good. We had to hunt down the waiter to order and get his attention to refill water and pay and everything. 

Even though service was terrible, I am giving 4 stars to the food :-)
Five stars.  I have a great time whenever I come to this place.  The atmosphere is intimate; good lighting, nice barstools, interesting artwork (which also makes a good subject for conversation with strangers).  The food is good, although it's mostly the music I come for.  Awesome drinks (without forgetting the good-old-standards: only $3 for miller high life!) and quick service - I never have to wait!  It's great for a chill drink on a weeknight, but it's best to come on Saturday night for Soul-le-lujia - the best dance party in Boston. (In fact, my profile picture was shot here!)
fast service.  food was ready even before i finished paying,  ordered lamb kebab plate was yummo.
Friendly workers but the food is fair. Neither here or there. The chicken shish kabob was decent for someone who is not a huge fan of dark meat chicken. The falafel had a bit too going on. It had too much hummus and not enough of the usual additives.
I love Zu Zu for several reasons:

1. Location: Central square; Love the decor

2. Food - Falafal is great and the shared platter is always a good choice.

3. Saturdays - Soul-le-lu-jah dance party is a rockin' good time - cool crowd - everyone's there to just dance

4. Strong drinks
I made the trek here on the recommendation of a co-worker. The food quality was fine - slightly better than average Middle Eastern food - and, theoretically good value for money - ASSUMING YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. 

I ordered a kefta and grape leaves platter, and was certainly charged for one. But, when I opened up my container of food, there was NO kefta. Kind of a big mistake since it's the centerpiece of the platter. All I was left with was basically a Styrofoam container full of rice and a tiny mound of hummus. It was no fun having to face the rest of the workday 6 dollars short and with a growling stomach.

Can't attribute this error to them being too busy - I was one of two people in line. Maybe they were having a bad day and it was my bad luck to catch them at that time, but I won't be going back.
GET MY FALAFEL AWAY FROM THAT MICROWAVE!  Eww!  Oh, then charge me twice as much as anywhere else for the experience.  Thanks!
I organized a group from work to come here for lunch and this place rocked! Some of the peeps were familiar with Mediterranean food and some were not but all were HAPPY. The service was great, servings are gigantic, and the owner/manager even brought us some free baklava. 

I think between all of of, we ordered almost everything on the menu and all was delish.

They deliver and we will most definetely be ordering this for one of our lunches.
With a staff that looks and sounds straight out of a hilarious sitcom, you know you're in for a treat from the second you walk in. The food here is absolutely fantastic. I've had several different salads here and they are all great. But if you're stopping in to this Thayer mainstay you've got to try the falafel. It is the best falafel I've ever had. With so many toppings and options it is easy to feel inundated with choice, so I just get everything, and this is usually a safe decision. The line can get long here so make sure you hit it during off hours. If you're ever on Brown's campus, you owe it to yourself to stop into East Side and get yourself some falafel.
I don't think it's an Israeli place, but I plotz, people!  Plotz, I say!

I reviewed Jerusalem pita in Brookline and their falafel was good.  But seriously, Moody's falafel has stolen my heart and stomach and brain and love and other things.  It's perfectly crispy and delicious and it has the market cornered on hotness and goodness and perhaps even sexiness.  

The meat is eh, but who cares! Actually, perhaps I should take away a star.  The last time I was there, the chicken was very very dry.  The time before, it was okay, but nothing special.  I love the salads and the condiments such as the tahini sauce.  It's just too good and CHEAP!  Oh, the jew in me is plotzing again.
You know it means something when a place is the most reviewed restaurant out of all restaurants in Providence. And I knew I had to try it...so glad I did!

I can still taste the baklava in my mouth and am kicking myself for not buying a box and bringing it home. And when I saw the other table eating those grape leaves, I couldn't believe I didn't get any. Fortunately the Kafta Kabob Pocket was pretty darn good. This place totally does it right with all the fixings and I'm totally jealous of all the locals who can go there everyday. 

So if you're lucky enough to be close to East Side Pocket, go by and try the baklava. Just don't blame me if you can't stop eating them.
This place is great. The meat is always juicy no matter if it's chicken, steak or lamb...and they're all good.

If you're trying to grab a bite and take it back to the office in a hurry, this is the spot. The line is often long but it moves very quickly. Your order is always ready before you're even done getting change back from the cashier guy. It's as if they knew what you wanted before you even got in your car to head over there.

The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is the seating...it's always crazy busy and people like to sit and shoot the shit long after their meal, screwing over the people who just want to eat and get out.
Dried out meats, small wraps, sullen customer service.

I tried Wrapo Grill twice and, unfortunately (as I really, really, love Shwarma),  ...I will not be going back..... Wrapo Falafel Grill makes me want to go for pizza...... 

Being new to the area I was excited by this Shwarma opportunity...... I tried it once and the gentleman behind the counter used previously cut beef and refused my request to cut it fresh. The meat was dried out, and the wrap quite thin. 

I gave them a second chance yesterday, and the woman who made the wrap begrudgingly cut it fresh after I told her of my prior experience. Incredibly, rather than trying harder or showing any regret, she told me that I could eat somewhere else if I did not like it.!!!!...... no sense of customer service or even courtesy. 

The fresh cut lamb was also dry and grisly, with many pieces that simply could not be eaten. and charging 75 cents extra for a tiny pickle sliver, and the wrap was so thin that it was a snack at best.  

I am sure Wrapo Falafel Grill gets some things right... but you can't prove it by my two experiences.... A real shame..... I wanted to like the place and return often.......
I think this is probably the best falafel in the universe.  

I discovered falafel about 15 years ago when I was a vegetarian, and I really liked the idea, but had a hard time finding any that I thought was worth ordering a second time.  After enough abortive attempts, I mostly gave up.  Then I found Skewers in Harvard Square (gone now, sadly), and everything else on their menu was good enough that I gave falafel a second chance.  That falafel was good, but the falafel sandwich at the Falafel Palace brings the dish to a whole new level of existential transcendence.

After about a year of loving their falafel sandwiches so much, I started branching out into the shawarma roll-ups: also completely awesome.  I think the key elements in the roll-ups are some otherworldly tahini and tart, crunchy pickles.  Damn, I love those roll-ups!

The staff is always friendly, and even remembered me when I came back after being away for over 6 months: "Where have you been?!" 

The only reason I can't give it an unreserved 5-star rating is because it's so tiny.  They have one table and a counter, and not much standing room beyond that.  It's a 15+ minute walk from my work place, so I'd prefer to be able to sit there and eat when I get there, but I usually can't if I go during the lunch rush. It's a shame because I've often wanted to bring friends here, but I usually won't if I know the rush is on and we won't be able to get seating.

Other than the seating though, the low, low price, the great service and awesome awesome awesome awesome roll-ups make this place almost like the perfectest place you could go for lunch.  In the universe.
Best shawarma in Pasadena, hands down. I always get the same thing. a chicken shawarma plate since it is sooo tasty. Comes with salad, pita, garlic spread, rice- a huge amount of food. Cheap, super fast (ready in 1 min tops) and always delicious. Super busy at lunch and somewhat limited hours (wish it was open later) are only issues I have had. Great for take-out also.
If you are looking for inexpensive, delicious, diner-style brunch items this is your go-to. I come here for the egg benedicts over and over again. Service can be a bit rushed and the wait can be a bit long if you come after 10:30AM. Every time I get grumpy about the wait though, I always find myself happily satisfied at the end of the meal.
Food 5 stars/ Service 4 Stars

Whenever I am in Cambridge and in a rush to sit down and eat I stop here. 

Now not to be confused about the Middle East restaurant UPSTAIRS which is located right on the corner of the block and above the night club.
This place is 1-2 store fronts down the street. 

The have a great lunch menu. I would suggest getting a large glass of fresh pineapple juice, their fresh hummus and a veggie burger with the works. Then throw a little of their hummus on your burger and your golden. 
They serve 16oz beers and had a large beer menu. 

Serve was good (ehh) On my Iphone I have and application called SCVNGR and the concept is to check in to places. Well after checking in I received a 20% coupon off my meal. I showed the waitress and she wanted really sure what to think so she asked the manager and he approved the discount. So for me and my freind both getting the v-burger hummus appetizer 2 pineapple juices and a beer each we only paid like $17 bucks.

I love the food here, anyone in the are should at least try it out.
Much better than Maoz too imo.

I had the chicken swarma plate with greek salad and falafel and it was simply delicious. A little bit on the pricey side for a deli but you get what you pay for!
I came here for a lunchtime chicken shawerma. 
There were 3 staff and only 1 guy working - the phone rings and the guy working 7 orders ends up having to answer the phone as well... not particularly efficient - or hygenic. 

The shawerma was quite oily and not warm. Overall the salad and chicken was ok, but I have definitely had many better than this one. Not the cheapest place for equivalent or better around here.
Oh Sheesh! You can bust my belly for a mere $14. Seriously folks, for your money, you get a TON of food here. Be careful not to eat too much of the complementary pita (bread?) before your meal, but it's a tough decision to make with loads of delicious garlic sauce in front of you.

I tried the homous/lamb  (with herb sauce) which was delicious! Succulent pieces of lamb, trimmed of fat along with heaping serving of hummus (homous?) and rice. My wife had the lamb shawarma entree and was equally pleased. Added bonus: entrees come with lentil soup or a very generous salad.

The service here is also top notch. Great Mediterranean food.
This place would not serve me a tap water -- horrible environmental policy.  (And cheap, though I would have paid 5 or 10 cents for the cup.)  And the food isn't that good, nor is the service or atmosphere.  Skip Wrapro.
This place just sucks, and I eat here sometimes too...
Hummus has a bunch a good selection of standard Middle Eastern food. My only complaint is that it is neither exceptional nor cheap. I typically get the salmon salad which weighs in at $9, but I don't think it's a particularly good deal.
the food prob 3 stars, an extra star for the late hours
Cedars at this location is related to the restaurant also called Cedars located on 50th, near Safeway and the new Walgreens.  (as far as I know)  It is also related to Taste of India on Roosevelt.  It's a family business.  This particular location is geared towards faster service and you can even order from a window right outside.  

The other two full restaurant locations are excellent places to dine in for the best Indian food.  They are very appreciative of their customers and love to spoil them with plenty of great service.  I highly recommend visiting both of them.
Mira's was okay but I expected a far better experience for the price.

My husband and I split the hummus, baba, and fava bean spread appetizer which consisted of lovely fresh pita alongside roughly two tablespoons of each spread!?  The hummus was okay but kind of bland.  The fava bean spread was all garlic and no subtlety.  The baba was the best option.  It actually tasted fresh and lemony.

For dinner I chose the beef shawarma kebab.  The beef was well done as were the accompanying veggies.  However, the whole kebab was covered with this odd red sauce....not sure what it was.  (Maybe a roasted red pepper paste?)  Anyway, it totally didn't have to be there and in my opinion the whole dish would have tasted much better without it.  The rice was actually pretty tasty but definitely reminiscent of rice-a-roni.    

My husband had the spinach & ricotta gnocchi in a lovely mushroom cream sauce which was super delicious & filling.  So oddly enough, the best dish of the night was the decidedly non-Mediterranean one!   

I'm sad I didn't love Mira's since it's right down the street from my house.  In order for this place to be successful, they will need to either lower their prices or improve the quality of their food.  In my opinion, there are far better options for Mediterranean food in the area.
Pulling into the parking lot of Mediterranean Cafe my stomach was grumbling like crazy. Just my luck I had come at the worst time which was 12pm lunch time for office workers next door... To make matters worse I had my baby with me who was crying cause he was hungry. As I  walked in the Cafe I was greeted with a long line of people ordering their lunch... but to my surprise it was my turn in no time. 

It seemed like as soon as a gave my order my chicken combo came to me like MAGIC! I was so thankful of how fast the service was my bad day  turned into a beautiful one. The combo was so yummy my tummy was doing cartwheels. As usual the chicken combo comes with 2 skewers, rice pilaf, pita bread, and salad with vinegar dressing all for $7.50. 

2 stars for fast service and 3 stars for the most flavorful chicken skewers.
This is one of those great hole in the wall type places that help make the Ann Arbor food scene better.
I always go vegetarian at J Garden and usually get some combination of falafel, hummus, baba ghanoush, mujadara, stuffed grape leafs, and lentil soup. The food is pretty consistent and you know what you're going to get if you've had it before.
The menu and the food here is pretty simple, but it's so good I've never gotten tired of going back. As an added bonus, you can get a full meal for about $5.
Sitting at the bar is pure entertainment, and if you're lucky enough to get the far left seat, you can even help out with the deep fryer.
I decided to step out of my comfort zone of Aladins (the one further up North) to try this. I was pretty disappointed. I had a lamb and beef gyro for $7 and the meat was dry and kind of bland. For that much money, I could have had a full, more wholesome, combo meal at Aladins. I thought that maybe it is just the gryos, but I tried the shawarma too and felt that it was overspiced and also dry. In this case, I will have to stick to habit.
Excellent food! The hummus is the best in town with home made pita chips. I've had just about everything there is to offer on the menu and have never been less than perfectly satisfied. The service is super quick so even on a really busy day, such as graduation, you can get a great bite to eat, very fast.
The Middle East gets good bands, so five stars for that.  Only three stars for the food, however.   It's average Middle Eastern food...not my favorite place to get a falafel around Boston.  I don't like that they drench the dolmehs in yogurt.  I like to control my own condiment distribution.  Service in the restaurant part is so-so, but it's not too expensive.
Just imagine it... vegetables made out of real styrofoam, served to you after an authentic long wait.  This place scrapes the very bottom of how bad a restaurant can be before I won't even bother to write a review of it.  Their marketing slogan should be, "Hey, at least it won't kill you."
Another good place for lunch in Kendall Square. I only eat the beef and chicken shawarma roll-ups here but that's really all you need to eat at this place if you're not a vegetarian...flavorful, fresh, and filling. I went here with my vegetarian coworker and we had two roll-ups, fries, and one baklava for $15, that's just $7.50 each! Definitely share the fries if you can since it's a huge portion. If you do that, it's a decently priced meal. Also the baklava, while not the best I've ever had, was quite good and enough to satisfy a mid-day sugar craving.
Shawarma King offers my favorite gyros in Seattle for excellent portion size, amazing flavor, great service and best of all, mushrooms and onions are on the gyro.
Great place. Last went there about 2 years ago when the place had just opend up and it was kind of pricy. Heard that they have lowered their prices so would definitely go again

It's close to our home and is opened late so we used to take our guests/friends there often. Really good food an amazing hookah. Their hookahs are really clean. They make sure we don't run out of coals. Service is good too. nice and friendly staff. Definitely a place to try out
Incredible wrap. Resturant is great. Flavors are in everything and all the ingredients are fresh. The owner is really nice, compliment him on how it looks and he will give you a sample of the falafel.
You walk up to a counter to place your order.  Even if you are ordering kebab, your food is placed in front of you before your have finished paying.  Seriously, they keep the line moving.  I would prefer to see the kebab fresh off the grill and wouldn't mind waiting.  

The babaganoush was the best!!! Ended up ordering 2 so I could take one back to the hotel. Hummus also very good.

I also ordered a Greek salad which was a waste of lettuce.  I didn't even eat half of it because it was so tasteless.  The dressing didn't have any herbs.  There were just a few specks of feta and hardly any olives.  On the plus side, the tomotoes were cut into small pieces so you could  get pieces of tomato with every bite (instead of big wedges).

They did not have a vegetarian kebab.  There were other veg options but it would be nice to have a grilled veg kebab.  

Pricing was very, very good.  Very, very casual.
Single best falafel I've ever had. 

This was a regular haunt for me while I was in Claremont and I always go to Saca's when I cut back through there.  Fred, the owner, is a very nice guy and he runs the restaurant with his wife and son (when he's not at school), and the vibe is just really nice. The chicken shwarma isn't the spiciest I've ever had, but Saca's uses high quality ingredients, and prepares food that is both tasty and healthy. 

Ah Saca's, how I miss you.
mediocre food..not as good as the yelpers have boasted. Portions are small..the food service was fast though.
Good prices good food. Feels healthier then most food priced this low. Fresh condiments bar!! Awesome place, pretty quick too!

Must go back more.
Best.  Schwarma.  In.  Cambridge.

Ask for the hot sauce.
Excellent food, friendly service and great price. I will be back.
my sister and i went here before catching a show at the middle east downstairs. (piebald's last show :-( ) anyway, this place could use a little more service. we sat at the bar and had to wait for the bartender to come back.  she was blah.  her drinks were weak and she was more interested in replenishing her mixes than attending to those sitting around the bar. there were at least 2 other couples who needed another drink. she doesnt offer, you need to get her attention and ask for one.  we didn't eat any  food here but i may come back and try it, it looked good. other than that, an ok place.
In the mood or a little Mediterranean food?  A stop here will definitely satisfy your cravings.  Been coming here for the last 7 years and have yet to disappointed.  I swear by the lamb kabob plate w/ rice pilaf and salad.  Make sure you ask for extra garlic sauce, because it is so darn tasty =)
Okay, last night was the third time I've eaten at this place and thought it was time for a review.  Mediterranean Cafe is simply delicious. I always order the beef shish kabobs and the meat just never disappoints.  The plate comes with salad, rice, and hummus and the hummus is just to die for.. They also have a garlic sauce that I've come to realize I am now addicted too..The plate is very similar to Daphne's Greek Cafe, but just tastes better..
I haven't actually ordered a meal here before but I have ordered the fried pita more than a handful of times from here. 

My impression so far? This place is awesome! For $3 and change, you get a huge bag of freshly fried pita. Last time I gave this place a 4 star, but I'll update it to a 5 in this review. Why?

I have a really busy Mon and Wed schedule (6 hour straight of class) and I wasn't able to grab food in between. Last Wednesday, I was so hungry, I decided to use the 10 min Berkeley time to grab some fried pita at Fa-la-la. Because they fry the pita to order, I was pretty sure I'd be late if I went there and ordered. Instead, I looked up Fa-la-la on my phone, placed the order on the phone, and when I arrived, everything was ready to go. I made it to class on time :D
Delicious! I really like the hummus-tabooley wrap.
1.26.10, 12:20pm

It's a pretty small place, a few tables inside (cafe style) and "bar" seating around the grill. 

Takes 15 minutes to prepare their sandwiches. The lady recommended that I call in next time if I don't want to wait. I didn't mind because there were all sorts of little food items (i.e. the market portion of the place) to look at around the grill (i.e. the...grill portion of the place).

+ House kabob sandwich $6.75
A long, slender Mediterranean "burrito" 15" long or so. Tender slices of meat, tomatoes, onion, lettuce, cucumber wrapped up in lavash (imagine if a pita and a tortilla could have a child) with a side of must-o-kiar (?) which is a yogurt, cucumber, herb sauce much like tzatziki. So good and satisfying!

Look for their coupon in the dollar stretcher! Previously, Amber was able to buy two sandwiches for the price of one. AH! Such a good deal.

Haven't tried them, but the entrees of the day look amazing. For example, on Tuesday you can get chicken walnut pomegranate stew served with basmati rice. All entrees are $11.95.
I had a hankering for some Mediterranean food and my favorite place, Saca's had already closed for the night.  I looked around for something similar and found King Wrap, it had decent reviews so i figure I'd give it a try.  Boy i really wish i had never come here, the falafel wrap was not that good, it was soggy inside the pita and the whole thing just tasted mushy and to make matters worst, i found a long hair inside the grape leaves (dolma), i was so grossed out that after a couple bites  i just ended throwing everything out.
Pro:
The soup is good.
The salad is good.
Main course comes with a choice of Soup or Salad or Fries
Sitting tables are comfy for large groups

Cons:
Food quality Average.
Service can be better.
Great shwarma, falafel and hummous!!! Crazy busy spot.  Be prepared to wait some time to dine in at a "dive" middle-eastern spot.
I'm gonna agree with the other reviewers and say that this place is amazing!! The people there are really nice and the food is delicious and very reasonably priced!! Don't let the outside appearance fool you...everything from the hummus to the lamb gyro is top quality. I'm gonna use their delivery service often. Also, the place also has new free wifi if that's important to you.
This place is cool. That's strange this place has so many bad reviews. i love it (may be I was totally drunk then we  got there)but any way
Hookah is good, desert and drinks are lovely.
This place is perfect for some alcoholics and heavy smokers  like us. Cozy smells good - relaxing (but not too much) dark red light
Habibi means My Love in Turkish 
Great place to take your bf too (even if he is greedy)
food was good and prices were good also :) I wanted to try everything, lol!
A decent option near school.
Wowshi and falafels, yum!
Cheap eats, I'd go back.
I think the food is delicious!  I've only been to their MIT location once but enjoyed the food when they had their restaurant in Watertown.  They were featured in the PBS documentary "Sandwiches That You Will Like".
I went here on a date once with a guy who was in love with this place. I didn't care for the food at all. Long wait for a table during dinner time but amazing service. I don't think I'd ever come back  but  from the word of mouth about Cedars, this is a good place if you like this type of food.
Decent place to see bands.  The downstairs is okay if you get there early enough to get a good spot, but it can be difficult if you're a shorty.  The upstairs is cozy but has questionable sound, sometimes.

The food at the restaurant is good and cheap.  Get the fries with whipped garlic - AWESOME.  You will reek.  Deal with it.

Some of the bartenders are rude as hell, some of them are nice.  It's a crapshoot.

I've lived in the area for almost 10 years and I've never gone to check out the belly dancing.  I should do something about that.
This is absolutely my favorite Persian restaurant! I will travel great distances for their Koobideh. The grilled vegetables (tomato, onion, green chile) is deliciously seasoned and a great addition to the soft and hot Basmati rice. 

They have a great pricing structure, and if you are lucky to come between 11 and 4pm, you can get the lunch prices for a good amount of food. 

I also recommend the chicken kabob, lentil soup, salads, and Persian tea! 

This place is wonderful. 

The best tip I can give you is to go to this restaurant when you have plenty of time because some times the servers can be rather slow.
Although the atmosphere is unpretentious (from the free jukebox to the bar top tv-vcr combo playing Return of the Jedi) the waitstaff is most certainly not.  One uberhipster waitress with a very unbecoming Paris Hilton as punk brunette hairdo and a very unbecoming attitude all but ruined our humble gathering of 7 celebrating my pal's birthday.  

We ate while the place was barely 1/3 full at 8:30PM but from the appalling service we received, you'd never know it.  The menu was fair, good for vegetarians, few main courses to choose from, so we ordered mucho tapas and 2 middle eastern pupu platters (one meat, one veg).  They were great, but our waitress couldn't be bothered to tell us what each lump of mush was!  Luckilly, having eaten a lot of middle eastern food, we were able to taste our way through the standards, but I'll be damned if I could figure out which was the kibbeh and a few of the other selections remained a tasty mystery. 

As folks in our late twenties, most of us with post-grad degrees, we are unaccustomed to being treated as if we wouldn't leave a tip. Nonethless, our party of 7 was charged a 19% service fee on our tab.

Food = fair to good
Service = horrible
Wah Krazy Kebob, what happened?
You were once so delicious and fresh but now you are dull and cold.
The naan is too doughy and doesn't taste fresh anymore. The first time I came here I was obsessed but now the service and food doesn't seem up to par anymore.
Perfect, the meat is tender and moist, chicken kabob wow! Does not get better! Tax included in prices, so easy! So fast! So delicious! Can't go wrong here
Super cheap food and a nice variety of Lebanese food.
I tried the falafel plate, and my Friend the lamb kebobs.  We didnt have napkins or silverware, and just decided to go for it... sanz forks.
I thought the falafel itself was good - not particularly the sea of iceberg lettuce it was served on, and the sauce was decent - I probably would have preferred a little more spiciness.
The pitas were flat cold grocery store fare - but you cant expect too much for an $8 dinner dish.
Pretty standard U-District ethnic fare...
Oh, I totally dig Tom's. I was actually looking on yelp because I was majorly craving falafel, and after I saw their site and how they had a mini-commercial with Google places, I felt like I wanted to support them and also remembered that they have pretty delicious hummus that I used to buy at HEB. 

Tom's has a $5 falafel speciale, and it is by no means any kind of skimp. The falafel is huge, fresh, and flavorful, and the fries are a delicious compliment. I also was able to order over the phone and pick it up in roughly 10 minutes, and when I asked for tzatziki with it, they gave it to me for free. The cashier was a total doll and totally sweet and friendly and made nice conversation while I paid and while musicians loitered outside.
Delicious wraps here! The bread part of the wrap is not too thick or too thin and it was crispy! They had a good selection of vegetarian wraps, and they were the prefect size for lunch! Both the kale wrap and the musakaa wrap were amazing! Also priced perfectly!
After walking up and down Murray twice, in December cold nonetheless, I finally made up my mind and we went to Taza. Having always noticed it when driving by I was curious to see what kind of food they served or if they served food at all.

Turns out it's a tiny mediterranean cafe that serves a variety of wraps, salads and pita pizzas including a mouth-watering lamb shawarma wrap! It's definitely a great lunch spot for something quick and relatively healthy, the inside is a little dark but cozy and they also do catering.
Lives up to it's yelp expectations.

A friendly system of the kabob nazi is how i'd call it.  Nice neat line, lots of people, and very quick service hahaha.  

I'd say this is a step up / family version of Zankou Chicken, but much much better.

$8.25 for a lamb kabob plate with a Mediterranean salad (instead of zankous peppers and radishes), hummus, basmati rice, and 2 lamb sticks of four pieces of lamb meat + garlic sauce + red pepper sauce + 1 pita.

The only thing I wish is for more garlic sauce... and maybe another pita.  Definitely a good value though as tax is already included! Yum yum. 

Will be back!
After reading several reviews critical of the service or the parking but generally favorable of the food my wife and I decided to give Tallulah's a try as there aren't many Middle Eastern options on St Simons Island where we live.  To begin with, the free valet parking in front solved problem #2.  And our waiter was a hoot!  Knowledgeable, prompt and funny.  The food- excellent.  5 stars in my book.  A lamb flatbread appetizer could have been a meal in itself.  I tried the tilapia baked in phyllo pastry.  Very subtle flavors and perfectly prepared.  The turkish cofee topped off the meal.
This was the first place I ate at when I moved to Seattle last month and I knew instantly I'd never go hungry while living here! Super yummy falafel, and according to my lunchmates, gyro. The guy at the counter was very friendly, and the food came quickly especially considering how busy the place was and the fact that everything is cooked to order. They go a little overboard with the lettuce and spices on the fries, but those things can be easily overlooked with the deliciousness of the overall dish. The seating is adequate and clean, totally acceptable for a grab and go type of establishment.
We got our lunch to go.

They thoughtfully wrote the type of wrap on each paper bag so that we didn't have to work to figure out which was which.

My gyro (the default is everything minus the hots) was big and tasty.  I also had the falafel appetizer which arrived as 6 crunchy donuts sitting on a drying pita, with hummus and tahini.
Last week, a friend of mine took me to this dinky hole in the wall for lunch and I had, by far, the best gyro I have ever tasted. I find that much of the Mediterranean cuisine in the area tastes as though it is produced by the same cookie-cutter franchise. Aladdin, on the other hand, must have a magic lamp of flavorful goodness stashed away somewhere. The spices they use on their meat produces a uniquely delicious and highly superior gyro.

The restaurant (Not to be confused with Aladdin Gyro-cery down on 42nd) is located along the West side of the Ave between 45th and 47th. It is cozy like a shoe box, containing perhaps three small tables and an equally tiny counter top. The nondescript atmosphere really contributes to the sense of discovery on the first visit.
Chicken Tarna! Rotisserie Chicken! Garlic sauce! Hummus and pita bread!! All my favorites here...

The Chicken Tarna is really tender and flavorful.  The Chicken Tarna Wrap is filling and delicious every bite of the way.   Just like any mediterranean place I love dipping everything into the garlic sauce.  The prices are reasonable and everything is made fresh.  

The family meal looks like a great deal, I'll probably look into getting this next time.  A whole rotisserie chicken, hummus, cabbage salad, 2 garlic sauces and a pack of pita bread.  

I do wish they were more generous with the garlic sauces.  I always want MORE and MORE!! 

Although I do enjoy Zankou Chicken, I have to say that it still doesn't quite compare with Meditteranean Cafe in Pasadena.  I have to admit that I probably only ever go to Zankou Chicken when I'm craving for Mediterranean food and Mediterranean Cafe is closed.  But still! Zankou Chicken is a winner in my book.
This whole place always looks dirty, and the downstairs always smells.  The food on the main floor is good.  I like that the stage upstairs is raised as it makes for good viewing.  

The downstairs stage isn't quite as high (I'm a shorty, these things matter to me).  I do like this place in general as it has contributed to many good times.

So why 3 stars?  The downstairs capacity is 575 and I have never seen more than two bartenders.  

I have wanted to cry for some of these bartenders sometimes as I so feel their pain.  I'm sure they're making money, but where is the back-up when one bartender is 17 people deep and the other bar is 2-3 times bigger with 3 full rows of people around it?

Sure, sure, maybe 1/3 or even 1/2 the people are underage.  No one banks on them wanting non-alcoholic beverages?  

Again 2 bartenders against up to 575 customers!?!

This is not a pretty sight, especially when there can be up to 6 to 7 people monitoring the door.  The logic behind this ratio is skewed, and it pisses me off more than should be logical.
Wondering what this building used to be...perhaps a stable at one point in time?

I always over-order here and do not visit as often as I should.  Ordered the chicken swarma (love those pickles) and ended up with tahini all over myself!  Ate practically the whole thing, then waddled back to the office.

My other favorites are the cucumber soup served with pita (very refreshing) and baba ganoush (not as good as the Sultan's Kitchen but still very good).
Chicken shawarma is my favourite. I like this place so much I have one of their tee shirts. Okay, that's a bit nerdy but dude, the garlic lard is delicious. Plus their hummus. I just wish there were more locations near me.
This place is what a falafel joint should be if it's not going to be on the street. Rami's? Wayy to expensive. Falafel King? Has-been. Falafel Corner is at a 1/2 street address, is manned by very personable and polite staff, has the kind of stuff on the walls that I want to see, is playing the music I want to hear and is SOOO tasty and CHEAP! Chicken Shawarma with extra pickels is the move, champ. Their deserts are also incredible. Make this your go-to. Even at 2:45 AM. You won't be disappointed.
By far the worst Middle Eastern food I've ever eaten, unfortunately preceded by some of the worst delivery service I've ever experienced.  Summary: if you can't do it right, don't do it at all.

I ordered from here after a long day of work and patiently waited over an hour for the food. I figured perhaps it would be worth the wait. 

Wrong. Dead wrong. 

I ordered the so-called 'super combo' with lamb, which was ice cold and looked like dog's droppings haphazardly sprinkled onto a subpar and clearly unfresh salad.  Worst schwarma I've ever had...dry and flavorless. The hummus was uninspired and the baba ganoush just plain weird. Tabbouli was unbalanced and really poorly made (more or less badly shredded parsley with little to no flavor whatsoever). 

They also forgot the fr*#$'in pita bread AND the tahini.  This was the first time in a while that I haven't finished at least half of what I ordered...it's just that bad. I wish I could bring the remains back for a refund, since I didn't exactly clean my plate, which is probably for the better considering the quality of the food.
Not the best around, but huge portions for little money.
Last time I went to habibi, I saw the disgustlingly rich owner chew into one of his workers, but other than that, it was ok. It does get a little loud on the weekends, but that's just what kind of place it is. Just make sure when you come by, not to hit the rolls royce phantom parked in the front, it's the owners. The environment is dimly lit with int'l music playing. They were out of red bulls and monsters, but was recommended a grape, orange and mint hookah that wasn't half bad.
Every single time I've ordered online for delivery from Hummus, they have screwed up the order. Twice I've asked for sauce on the side, and the falafel sandwich arrived doused in so much hot sauce, I couldn't touch it. I thought I'd get smart and, in addition to clicking the "on the side" option when ordering, I'd write in a comment on the order IN ALL CAPS so they would notice that I really, really wanted my sauce on the side. That time, my sandwich arrived without any sauce at all. Why, Hummus, why?? Your sandwiches are great, and I'd order again if you hadn't let me down so many times.
Overall, probably the best music venue in Boston to see up and coming and established bands.  The ticket prices are pretty low and you can always get a good spot.  I've seen more great shows in the upstairs than anywhere else in the city.
My first visit to Middle East Downstairs was marked by a few lapses in customer service:

First, I'm not sure who took a leak in the Cheerios of the girl taking IDs, but a little smile would help her night go a lot faster. I'm sure it's not fun being handed some fancy Photoshop excuse for a driver's license on those 18+ nights, but when I show up with my Delaware ID with its sweet Cesar Rodney hologram, don't lay on the snark about my ability consume adult sodas. Simply ask me for a credit card, or perhaps an expired college ID, and I'll gladly oblige.  

Oh, and to the bouncers who booted my friend for tripping over your unmarked hillocks of plywood that I guess are what you call ramps: it was very James Bond of you to descend from the shadows, tear off his wristband and smear black X's all over his hands. But next time, how about you smear some caution tape and grip strips all over those lawsuits waiting to happen near the soundboard. You might impress the bosses a bit more.  

After a Saturday night visit to the fantastic Zuzu, I was expecting much more of its neighbor to the south. Don't worry hipsters, I'll give it another shot.
If I were to review the Middle East, my biased statements would suggest that the downstairs music venue is an unpleasant place to be.  Too many people for a small, hot place.  Not ventilated well enough.  Sound engineers are obsessed with bass which prevents me from hearing other instruments and lyrics to songs.  I am a musician, and I enjoy all music.  I saw Budos Band here (a very interesting and eclectic group of musicians) and could only hear bass and drums, despite there being about twelve other instruments on the stage, including various horns.  I was wearing ear plugs which actually should have allowed me to hear more detail, but everything was unbalanced.  I left early.  And then I took a shower to wash other peoples' sweat off of myself.

This is not The Middle East's fault, but can someone explain why small music venues seem to prompt people to dance wildly, waving arms and twirling, when there is literally no space for them to do so?  I'm a hippie too, people, but I seem to have a greater awareness of the concept of personal space than some others...
You definitely get your money's worth here and what you are getting is absolutely delicious.  It's a little hectic when its busy but overall great food and friendly staff.  It may be obvious by the name but the hummus is the best I've had.
The U District's high restaurant turnover is a mixed blessing. On one hand, you get to try a wider variety of food than you otherwise might. On the other  hand, it means that every so often, a place like Padi's Indonesian Cuisine is replaced by yet another falafel shop.

Ah well; I figured I should give this place a fair chance. Falafel King occupies pretty much the same market niche as Cedars*. It's a sit-down Middle-Eastern place, halfway between Aladdin-style college student favorites and somewhat pricier hello-my-name-is-Bob-and-I'll-be-your-server-today places.

My lunch, in order of arrival:

I started with a tangy, peppery lentil soup with tomatoes. Served piping hot, it was perfect food for this weather. $1.99, when ordered with a sandwich.

The Arabic coffee ($1.89) was the weak link of the meal. It was a thin, light, slightly bitter liquid, with a somewhat minty taste. I wondered whether I'd accidentally gotten some sort of tea instead, but it didn't really taste any more of tea than it did of coffee.

The chicken shawarma ($5.19) was a gloriously messy mass of sulphurous goodness. It fell apart in my hands, spilling sauce and vegetables onto my plate. I'm pretty sure I got some of the garlic-tahini sauce on my nose, too**. The bread was thin, chewy, Arabic khubz, rather than the usual Greek gyro pita that most places use. The meat was fine, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't actual shawarma meat***. The sandwich also had tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce****, onions, and a generous ladleful of garlic-tahini sauce. I can still taste it several hours later, after three pieces of Eclipse (R) breath-gum*****.

UPDATE: the sandwiches are all very well and good, but you really ought to be ordering the plates. Served on flavorful yellow rice with a tangy salad, some good hummus, khubz, and lentil soup. Yes, I realize it's a few bucks pricier than an Aladdin gyros, but it's money well spent. This is noticeably higher quality food than you'd get elsewhere on the Ave.
-----
*No, the other Cedars. On NE 43rd St.

**And I don't mean a little smear on the tip -- I mean way up, on the bridge of the nose. I don't really know how it got there.

***You know, with the vertical rotatey thing and the long knives.

****A sensible quantity, thankfully. A lot of these places go rather overboard with the lettuce. Hey, are these footnotes getting tiresome?

*****Now with natural germ killing.
I just discovered this place about 3 weeks ago and I'm freakin' addicted!  If you like gyros, then you need to give this place a try! It's the Egyptian version with a spicy sauce that re-invents an old favorite.  

I'm actually embarassed by the number of return visits I've had, but when something's this good I can't help it! Besides the fantastic taste, these suckers are big and well priced at $5.99.

This is a gross part of the U District where you might see a guy passed-out on the sidewalk, but who cares.  Step over him and get yourself some Shawarma love!

I ate dinner there last night and am thinking about it for lunch again today!
So I am pretty mad at this place. I love Persian food and I am a vegetarian. My last favorite Persian place, which I moved an hour away from, accommodated vegetarians by offering to make their stews without meat. So I called Heidar Baba which is the down the street from my house to ask if they could make their Sabzi with "NO meat, vegetarian". Their exact words were "Yes, ok no problem".  Well I went and picked up my food, brought it home, so excited, jjust to find chunks of beef in my stew! Thats ok! Everyone makes mistakes, right? I called them and told them what i found and asked if they could remake my order and I will come and pick it up. and you know what they said?? NO! They said "We took out all the pieces of meat we could, there are only small pieces left, we couldnt take them all out" WTF?! I didnt ask if they could pick out the meat out of my dish!  I told her i was a vegetarian and I couldnt eat it. The lady on the phone said that was how they cooked their stew and I could not return it!! ummm YA RIGHT! I told that lady that I was going back there right now and she was giving me my money back! and then she said "ok, fine".  So! I went back and got my money back. I mean, who says no to a customer?? It was pretty rude. Anyway, I won't be going back there. I guess im going to have to drive an hour to get my persian food. *tear*
I have been wanting to go to Middle East since I visited HSPH last April. Friends had suggested it was excellent middle eastern fare -- so when I was in the area and looking for a place to eat, I knew where to go.

The atmosphere was really great (better than next door, according to one of my companions). It's a funky place with a huge menu. I stayed basic and ordered the chicken kabob, which the server said is a big seller. The chicken was well seasoned and not dry at all. It was a large portion to eat all at once, so I took it home - where I readily reheated and devoured the rest.

I am looking forward to a return visit soon.
After reading all the positive reviews, I wanted to like this place. I really did. Maybe reading all these reviews raised a expectations a little, who knows. Anyways, I ordered the falafel plate (which is the falafel, pita and salad) and waited eagerly for my food. To my dismay, the falafel balls came from the batch that was made before I ordered the food. Now I don't expect them to prepare a fresh batch for every customer, but the falafels that came on my plate were not nearly as hot as I had hoped. Also, I believe I paid around $8 for my food, so I was understandably disappointed when my plate came with only 5 falafel balls. Good thing that they tasted OK at least. Then came the salad, which to be honest is nothing to write home about, it's your typical romaine salad. Finally there's the pita, which again is just your typical pita really.

Overall, the food was OK (very forgettable salad and pita), the service is good (Samir really does love his job and interacting with customers), but it was all a bit of a let down.
Pretty good.We started with the jerusalem salad, cucumber and tomato in tahini sauce (a bit salty) and baba ganoush and toasted naan. We split chicken biriyani, spicy, tender, delicious.
Delicious pita bread! And their pita chips are fresh and salty. Great falafel!
HOLY F****** CHICKEN F****** GYRO!!! 

OK so I work nearby on broadway and was looking for something different to eat that wouldn't break my pockets. I saw this place on yelp, and I always walk past on my way to the 1 train, so I thought I'd try it. FRIGGGGGIN AWESOME!  HANDS DOWN best gyro I've EVER eaten. taste fresh, from the chicken to the veggies to the bread. I should buy my Boyfriend one for dinner (as this one will last me through lunch and dinner), this is just tooo amazing. I will definitely be going back on a regular basis!
This is a pakistani joint that has tried to combine pakistani kebabs with mexican tortilla.

They did a a bait and switch. They had a clear agenda. Bait the customers in for a brief period with what was then even average food. Now it's just downright bad. Talk about cutting every corner possible. 

DC is alive and kicking with the restaurant scene (inflation is not as big deal for the dc metro crowd - we still see the same crowds wherever we go). Other places don't cut such corners as this place. 

And don't even think of going in the kitchen (long story of how a couple of us ended up there).
One blustery day I was grouching around the Ave looking for a lunch that wasn't going to cost 8 dollars or give me the rootie tooties. A gust of wind blew me right up to Samir's takeout window, and the actual jolly and smiling Samir greeted me like a ray of sunshine. He fixed me up a falafel in no time and packed it in a cute little sack. Much is to be said for Samir's insanely cheap prices ($3.50 for a falafel), but much can also be said for the delightful personality of Samir himself. My interaction with him was minimal, but he truly turned my frown upside down. Your food is as good as the person who makes it, no?

The falafel was tasty, filling, and caused no gastrointestinal whining. I confidently added Samir's to my Official Lunch List.
It took me an hour and a half to get my food delivered to my apartment! I used the Foodler website to place my delivery order and the projected delivery time said my food would arrive in 45 minutes which was fine with me. When it was 15 minutes past when my food was supposed to arrive I called the restaurant to check on the status of my order and was told it was on the way. Another 15 minutes later, still no food had appeared, so I called the restaurant again and was told that they hadn't received my order! The employee was very unhelpful and for some reason was unwilling to call their delivery guy to see where he was at. I ended up getting my food 45 minutes later than promised. 

The food itself was good enough but the poor quality of customer service I received was inexcusable.
This place is pretty good.  The chicken Shwarma wrap was good.  The vegetarian combo plate isn't that great though, and it's a little over priced for what you get...mostly just a lot of lettuce.  I live nearby so I'll probably stop by again, but it probably isn't worth going out of your way to eat here.   Unlike other reviewers, I found the staff friendly.
This place is the best!  I come here at least once a week, if not twice, to get lunch for myself and my coworkers.  They are incredibly efficient at processing my order (sometimes for as many as 8 people) and I am out the door in 10 minutes or less.  

Everything here is good, but I usually order the veggie combo with hommus, tabbouleh and lentils.  The tabbouleh is mostly parsley with very little cracked wheat, which I prefer, and the hommus and lentils are some of the best I've ever tasted.  The garlic spread is truly amazing, definitely try it but have some Altoids with you!
In 2006, I went on a first date to this place. It was amazing. The food was cheap and mad delicious. The jam they had was mind blowing. Like it seriously changed my life. Because of that jam I married the man that took me there. No jk. but...

Fast forward to now, I've been going to this place for a long time and I've noticed some changes. It's gotten way more crowded (way too many hungover hipsters), if you go there on the weekend, expect to wait, which makes it an unpopular destination in the winter. As a consequence of increased traffic, the service is slower and the staff doesn't put the same care and thought into the food. I used to  get a quaint stack of french toast, with a light dusting of powder sugar, now it's just 3 slices of soggy bread thrown in a pile. With the decline of food and service they've also raised the prices. It's still cheaper than most other diner options around the city, but it's disheartening to see the slide of service and increase of price.
Cheap, delicious, locally owned, open til 2 am and has great vegetarian options (felafel pita and black bean wowshi are both good). You get more food/$ with wowshis, but I usually go for the felafel pita. Fried cauliflower is a bit greasy and I could probably do it better at home, but I love it on a hungry late night. Don't expect a seat, but for lunch you might get lucky. Very loud and crowded when it's busy--especially late at night--but it's usually fine during the day.
I love the food at this place, especially the wraps. Their mint coffee is quite good, though I wish it wasn't lukewarm. Portions are small for the price, but it's Harvard Square so that's expected. I've come here with a group of friends for late-night chatting as well as by myself to study. Needless to say, the place was way too loud for studying. It's a "coffee house" but no one comes here just to drink coffee. I'd say it's more of a restaurant with expensive coffee on the menu and a bar downstairs that was nearly empty both times I went. 

This place gets 4 stars for the food, atmosphere, and decor, and loses 1 star for the slow and haphazard service. My friend requested ketchup that never came. The place is pretty small and there aren't that many tables, but it took a while for the food to get to the table.

Nonetheless, I sort of miss this place now that I'm no longer in Boston. I wish I had discovered it sooner!
What happened!?

Moodys used to be a place I loved to frequent and would brag about to out-of-town friends. Pretty sure this place changed hands and it shows. Everything has gone downhill fast. Sadly now the portions are small and quality of food is shoddy.

Recently I've been handed pre-made wraps! (WTF?) The chicken is dry and chunky and the hummus is inconsistent and not nearly as rich and creamy as it used to be.

Moody's used to be a destination. Now it's a last resort.

However, all hope is not lost since I do believe the Falafel shop in Harvard Sq. next to Charlie's Kitchen is run by the original Moody's owners. I suggest trying that location.
Food is great, cider is awesome, but the waitstaff has been increasingly bitchy lately... otherwise I would have given them 4 stars.
There are dining experiences that you know are going to be with you for the rest of your life.  Ones that, you know, you'll come back to just out of a fond nostalgia.  Saca's is one of those places for me.

Partly, you could say it was the food.  The lamb shawarma was excellent.  I had ordered the lamb pita sandwich.  Warm, well seasoned, so so good.  The veggies inside were fresh, although the pita bread was a bit stale.  Still... I had ordered a side of the falafel and some tahini with the sandwich and it was all good.

The falafel, for me, was the most memorable part of the food.  Mostly because they're the first time I've ever had falafel.  My middle-eastern friends rave about these all the time, and I'll admit they're not bad.  Moist, savory, a bit on the salty side, but a nice snack.  Works well with the tahini.  But, being the first time I've had them, can't compare them to anything.

Also ordered a dish of hummus, garnished with two pickled radish sticks and paprika.  They also provided two more slightly stale pitas with it.  It was a bit too lemony for my taste, but I liked the kick from the hot paprika.  A piece of baklava for dessert - so rich, so light.  I could eat those every day.

So the food was just alright, only giving it 3 stars and in most any circumstance might get a possible revisit, so why so memorable?  Oh, for the messed up girl that walked in, spent 20 minutes in the bathroom, banged on the door after the next person went in, and then proceeded to collapse onto the floor and get arrested by the police.  Happenstance, sure, but what a show!
The falafel wasn't bad. But, where was it? 

For 7.50, I think they can do better. Compare, for instance, with Moaz. Or that other place near 20th and Market. bon voyage hummus.

Response to comment: my sandwich was lacking 7 balls of falafel. Again, not worth the money compared to the competition, though they are located near the universities.
This place definitely deserve a 4+++ star if you only mention the food but the service was quiet frustrating : (     so overall 4 star(food)-1star (service)= 3 stars
I live very close to this place and pass by almost everyday. Everytime i pass by this place is packed! packed i mean people waiting as if the food is offered in limited quantity!
I went there late afternoon thinking i can pick up my food and eat really fast and be outa there in less than an hour so i can stuff up before work.   But NO! it didn't happen the way i planned.
I ordered a tri-tip beef wrap ($4.99) and a combo kabob meal ($9.99) which comes out to be less than 20 bucks. First impression- cheap food (1 star).  Then the lady told me kabob takes 15 min to cook so i thought great! they really put in time and effort to cook my food add one more star).  I sat down with my friend .. slowly 15 min goes by...lalala NO FOOD...another 5 min goes by (20 by now)...NO FOOD... another 10 min goes by STILL NO FOOD! I waited a total of 30 min by this point starving and anxious b/c i had to be at work on time.  So i went to the pick up line and asked the lady about my order and she said "we are still making it" OMG at this point i really wanted to walk out of the place because i really don't have that much time to sit around! She did tell the food preparer to expedite the order but still when i got my food it was already 40 min after i ordered the food : ( 
The food, like what was expected, delicious, juicy. The white, yogurtly sauce was so unique and complements the chicken perfectly! Every dish comes with a little dish of pink raddish and chili condiment which adds heat and sourness to your food if that's the way you like it.  Overall food= great! but service= needs improvement! 
I would go again if i don't have any time issue next time and have all day to wait for my food !
Moody's is a old time standby for those late night, post-party snack attacks, or a quick, inexpensive bite on the go. I have many a fond memory of late nights when their chicken or lamb shawarma rollups have provided the perfect, savory exclamation point to a great night out. 

Lately though Moody's has really been letting me down. What's up with pre-made sandwiches unceremoniously handed over the counter by some uninterested grunts after being half-assedly rewarmed in a sandwich press? What's with the babaganoush and falafel rollup I ordered not having any baba despite my having paid an extra $.50 for it? (it's not the money, it's the principle). That sandwich was pretty awful, actually. The bread was soggy from sitting around for a while, the lettuce was wilted, and those tomatoes were, well, kind of gray. I don't even want to talk about the soggy, listless falafel patties. I can forgive a mistake every now and again, but this is getting to be more of a rule than an exception.

2 stars cause I know you can do better, Moody's.
I'm definitely a fan of Taza 21. My mom and I had lunch there a couple of weeks ago and we have been trying to go back ever since. We both had wraps and they were great! Make sure you try the cucumber sauce, it's delicious.
I miss Jerusalem Garden. I still haven't found its replacement in my new city: A small, local restaurant with quick, healthy, and delicious sandwiches at a very reasonable price.

Here are the most wonderful things to order at Jerusalem Garden:

-Falafel sandwich with hummus
-Shish kebab sandwich
-Chicken schwarma sandwich (eat it with the Frank's Red Hot served on the tables or in the little to-go plastic cups)
-Lentil soup

I hear the rest of their menu is excellent, too, but those three sandwiches are so amazing that I can't imagine not having one of them. One of my favorite things about all the sandwiches is that the lettuce and tomato on them are really crisp and fresh. It's a small thing but it elevates the food. I also love that the pickles in the schwarma have a nice vinegary taste to them that cuts through the other ingredients.

I really like the people who work here, too. They're friendly and accommodating. When I first started coming here, a few of them quickly began to remember my favorite orders (see above). They're not snotty about credit cards and they're generous with extra napkins (sometimes necessary to stem a hummus explosion).

If there is a drawback to JG, it's that it gets crowded around lunch on weekdays. That said, you can call ahead for your take-out order if you're in a hurry.
Very consistent, high quality Mediterranean food--not exactly Lebanese but pretty close in terms of style. Maybe Lebanese with a Greek/Armenian flair would be most accurate.

I've never had better baba ganoush from a restaurant, it's the reason I keep going there. Their tabbouleh salad is good but could benefit from a little more lemon or olive oil I think. The grape leaves with yogurt is a safe bet as is the chicken wrap. Their mujarada (lentils) are quite good too, so usually I get the veggie combo, which is any 4 veggie items for 8 bucks, which is a pretty good deal.

I've grown to appreciate the owners, who my friend and I call "the king" and "the prince" and the king almost smiles at me now that I've been going there for a couple of years!
Remember when Sidney Poitier surprised Oprah, and she started crying with what seemed like joy? Well, here's an analogy that you won't see on the SATs anytime soon: the beef wowshi that I had today is to yours truly as Sidney Poitier is to Oprah. Yeah, the beef wowshi with cheese reduced me to tears, the "ugly cry" as Oprah coined. It is wow-ish, because the beef isn't packed with spices, just short of being total and utter WOW. Still, wow-ish wowshi is better than wowshi without wow-ish. The pita bread is pipin' hot. Burns your fingers, your mouth, your stomach. But worth the risk of lisping for life.
"The best falafel in town" sign posted outside does not lie, this is indeed the best falafel I've had so far.  I split an avocado falafel with my sister and was in falafel heaven.  They seemed to skimp a little on the avocado but that was my only complaint.

After I finished my half I was seriously contemplating getting just falafels to go.

Super affordable prices too!
Ali Baba has become my go-to for Middle Eastern fare in Pittsburgh. I've ordered a few different things but the absolute best thing on the menu is the lamb shank, which a waitress recommended as their specialty. She was so spot on. The meat is juicy and fall-off-the-bone tender, and the tomato-based broth is seasoned perfectly. Yumm. The salad is great (no surprise there, I'll eat anything with that lemony Middle Eastern dressing) and the kabobs and hummus are pretty good, but the one thing I don't like here is the baba ganouj. It's not horrible, but every time I get it, it seems to be on the bitter side. Also, the service is slow as hell, always. Not a quick eat, but satisfying if you have the time.
you haven't lived until you've eaten their thai falafel wrap. and if you haven't eaten it, there really is no point in living.
Although I just had the Combo Kabobs and the baklava, I've been to the Middle East and the food at this restaurant is very much like what I remember eating there. The service was very good considering they had only one wait person. I would definitely go again and try more of the menu.
Waste of space in prime Westwood...

The people that own/work here are the biggest retards I've ever experienced.  No matter what flavor we got it ended up smelling/tasting like black licorice...  

Tried to double charge... the guy who "helped" us kept telling us we were wrong about the bill, how our hookah tasted...etc...no thanks "bro"
4 stars food 2 stars hookah. Overall 3 stars
ahh nothing like mexicans to make your falafel and give it that traditional mediterranean feel minus the gold chains, stunner shades, vertical vibrant multi-colored striped dress shirts, and guido chest alfalfa (dress shirts and chest alfalfa are synonymous with eachother also).  ehh this place makes a decent falafel but it's nothing spectacular.  worth a try for shore.
It's not the best falafel in the bay area, but it's the best falafel I've had in Berkeley.  

I seriously have random cravings for falafel at least once a week, and with their cheap prices: about $4 for a dozen (if I remember correctly), I can get my falafel fix any time I want!  

I got their Falafel sandwich with avocado.  I don't think it's worth it to pay more than a dollar extra for some damn avocado because you're not eating a falafel sandwich for avocado, you're eating it because of the falafel and pita!  

Their veggie platter was pretty gross and pretty small.  WTH I swear the plate was only a little bigger than my hand with my fingers stretched out.  This place is so close to campus that it doesn't make sense for it to have such small portions for the veggie platters.  College students are HUNGRY and poor!  

Yeah, just go for the falafel.  The staff kind of creeps me out though...  They stare at you while you eat, but I suppose they don't have much else to look at since the counter is two feet away from the tables.
Best Gyros in Oakland. 

They also have good kebab platters and hummus. Baba D's is your local family owned Middle Eastern restaurant. The place is small, so landing a table at this hot lunch spot might require some waiting. If you're in a rush, opt for take-out or an early dinner. I think they close pretty early.
I'm a regular here. If I have a problem with a shisha. It is replaced or fixed. Lemon chicken is amazing. There is good and bad with every place.
The Middle East is an institution. I'm probably not telling you something you don't already know, it's that much of an institution. And with good reason. The Middle East Downstairs is one of the few rooms in the city with a perfect size capacity for showcasing exactly the kind of bands the in-the-know kids want to be in-the-know about. You get the breaking artists on the cusp of going gold, before they graduate to Avalon-sized stages and beyond. And you get legendary acts who have never lost their street cred. Hopefully, they've perfected the sound since I've been back, as I've had a few nights where it was so loud I thought my ears might bleed. Definitely warranted earplugs. But with this kind of well-earned clout, all true music fans eventually find themselves Downstairs at the Middle East. 

The great equalizer that saves the Middle East from becoming holier than thou and too cool for school is its two upstairs rooms. Enjoy some belly dancing music, freak folk or an accordion artist while you hoover some hummous and grape leaves in the restaurant. Or enjoy a local band earning its stripes in the Middle East Upstairs back room. Getting a gig at the Middle East is famously difficult, which is why it is so jealously coveted.  And putting a band through its paces before it can make it to the holy grail of gigs in the big room downstairs is what being in a band in Boston is all about.

And how can I forget the mural?! It's part of what makes the M.E. the M.E., and integral to the visual identity of this most culturally diverse neighborhood, Central Square.
Friendly service, great price
3 words: Chicken Shawarma Wrap

Moist, well-seasoned, chicken, in a warm fluffy pita, fresh tomatoes, romaine lettuce, and most importantly GARLIC spread. I think everything would taste good with their garlic paste!!!

I love this place because it is VERY CLEAN, fast, efficient service, and family run. It gets super crowded during lunch time, but you get your food really quickly that it's not even a big deal. They also offer a lot of vegetarian options for you veggie heads. HUMMUS is freshly made, and delicious.

I hate how they aren't open more, and always go on vacation during summer though because they are that ballin from all the good business they get :(
This review is mainly for the coffee. Because that's all I care about in a coffee house.

It is good. Damn good. It is slightly more expensive than average for coffee but the quality is commensurate with the price.

I have to also agree with other reviewers: the decor and the space is very nice, too, upstairs or down. I could see getting stuck in there reading a good book for hours.

One caveat: this is a cafe, not a coffee shop. It has table service. Don't expect to roll in and roll out. This place is for sitting and relaxing. If you can't wait go to Starbucks. There's three of them near Harvard Square.
This is what happens when you wait a couple months to write your review. You get to come back the next day and write an update saying the place has closed.
It's still there and it is still good.  The meghan's falafel is sooo good and has fries, hummus and hot sauce in it.  It is also wicked cheap and only like 3 bucks for the pita.  Delicious.
Dear UT students,

I'm extremely jealous of all the great and cheap food options you have on Campus.  And Kismet is high up on that list.  In fact, when I was a student at Baylor and we made our bi-monthly drive to Austin, we would always grab the chicken shawarma sandwich here every single visit without fail.

The owner may have changed but the food quality is still good.  There was a time when it dipped a little but the issue was quickly rectified. Is it the best Middle Eastern food in town? Probably not, but it's pretty darn good for what you pay.  

I also like that every once in a while, they make a big batch of dessert (like kunafa or namoura) and give the customers free samples.

I'm so glad my sister lives about three blocks away. I can always blackmail her into eating at Kismet with me, or else she doesn't get a ride.  But truthfully, I think she enjoys it just as much as I do.

Signed,

Green with Jealousy in Southwest Austin where we have NO Middle Eastern food :(
I'd think most of my Yelp buddies won't care about this review, but oh well! It was way overdue. 

This place is really close to my (former) school and some of the communities at school loved to throw events there or bring their foods at school events. So, I have tried most of their foods either inside the restaurant or at school. 

This is supposed to be a Syrian cuisine but you'll find some Persian foods in their menu such as shish kabob or koobideh (Kafta). And sure, I've heard so much arguments about whether or not Shish kabob or koobideh are Persian, so don't contact me on this unless you have a time machine that can send me back to see it for myself.  

Generally speaking, their rice is bland, their beef is dry, and Spinach pie is meh. I like their pitta bread, lentil soup, and tossed salad. Fatoosh is also a hit or miss... 

I haven't heard of any other middle eastern restaurant near that area and if you really crave this kind of food, I'd suggest to go here but don't expect much. Service is friendly but inefficient. 

The location is great and its nice and clean... It has been there since 1972 and is pretty popular. It is also big enough compare to other restaurants in the Craig street. And you can have a nice walk around it when you are done eating! There are coffee shops, bookstore, boutiques, people walking, etc!
Love it! 20A 

The north location is the better of the two....
Last time I'll be going to Zuzu on a Saturday. Stop letting in so many people!!!
The unanimous vote in my office is we'd eat it again, but where's the meat!? I ordered the Buddha Thai with tuna: $6.75 for 3 chunks of tuna, two chunks of broccoli, three of zucchini, a red pepper or two and onion, some sauce and rice (which was hard in spots and burnt?-ick). The sauce was tasty, the tuna--albeit scarce--was very good, and it's a much healthier alternative to other stuff on the Drag. The ice tea is tasty, too. Takeout was fast, but it looked like a nice place to dine in, and the opening crowd's definitely died down. The menu's been simplified from when my coworkers brought back a menu a few weeks ago--it was very overwhelming then. I'm wavering between a three and a four... And a bite of burnt broccoli and hard rice landed it on a three.
The lavish bread is amazing! The staff is always friendly and so helpful!! Everything I have tried is wonderful! I always leave so full but the baklava to go is a must. Just remember Ali Baba does not serve alcohol.
I hate falafel. I've always hated it.

....Until I had it here. zOMG.... They have the right to put "best falafel in down" on the sign.

(I still hate it, unless it's from here!)

...and it's amazingly cheap. Half a dozen for 3 bucks (of course prices may have changed);  if you've already got a canteen of water on you, you've got a nice & filling portable meal!
Always a good time here.

Drinks are fabulous. Make sure you order a cocktail off of their special menu. They're to die for.

Hookah prices aren't too bad. It's like $20. They don't have any double-hosed hookahs though, so if you have a lot of people you're going to need a couple.

I didn't expect the food to be good, but it was! Very good hummus and grape leaves. 

If you come around 8 or 9pm, it's quiet and relaxing. If you come more around 10 or 11pm, it starts to get rowdy. One time I came here with a huge group of people and they had a guy with bongo drums dancing around. It was quite awesome.
their  shawarma omg so good. I travel from roslindale to that part of town for that kind of food so yummmy
Bella Pita is straight up delicious. Could be a little cheaper, I usually walk out spending about $8 - $9. Get a burger wowshi and falafel cones with lots of hummus and hot sauce.

They're open until 1 or 2 most nights.
There are usually three types of Mediterranean food.  There's the cheap prepackaged crap, the midrange homemade stuff, and then the fancier sit-down fare.  Samir's is great because the taste falls into the second category, while the prices are in the first.

For $3.75 (for a limited time, granted) you can get a spicy gyro and a drink.  And it's not a bad gyro at all!  Sandwiches (including a delicious schwarma one) cost $3.50.  This is a steal; I'd give it a recommendation for nearly double that.  The falafel plate ("famous," it is) meets perfectly spiced falafel with a tame but inoffensive salad underpinning.  It's good, it's reasonable, and it's fast.  The only complaint about the food I can make is lukewarm pita, and that's a complaint I'd have to level against most every U-District restaurant (is this a regional variance?).

The best part is Samir himself.  He's a great guy - cheerful, chatty, and sure to remember you.  Make sure to tip, because I'm sure his profit margins aren't so high!
A great little fast-food Mediterranean joint in a clean, no-frills space. The food is fresh and made with evident care, it's cheap (sandwiches just shy of $5, plates under $10), and you'll be in and out in just a few minutes - a perfect place for lunch when you're short on time/dime and looking to pick up some chickpeas.

Other reviews aren't lying when they say the falafel here is the knees. Unless you're dead-set on carnivorism, cuddle up with some garbanzo balls and appreciate the fact that something this good is this cheap--and in Claremont.

Biggest downside: if you've ever had falafel in its natural habitat, you're probably used to loading it up with anything and everything (pickled this, spicy that, feta, french fries, and whatever else those little self-serve jars offer up). But as far as I could tell, Saca's has zero options to dress your pita. The sandwich came with lettuce, onion, and a couple strips of veg. Pretty darn Spartan. A falafel sandwich just ain't a falafel sandwich unless it's dripping its guts on your t-shirt.

But that's no reason to skip out. Gripes aside and star levied, I'm still back at work with crumbs on my lip, wishing I'd bought a second.
This place has gone seriously downhill in the last year or so.  I used to come to Moody's after bar hours.  I love how they used to grill it so it's soft and crunchy.  No more.

Now you get to wait forever for a sandwich that's mediocre at best.  It's great when you're drunk because you don't really know what you're eating.  The falafel is bland, which defies everything a good falafel should be.  Nothing makes up for a bad falafel sandwich.  NOTHING.
This place was good enough for Beck to sing a song about it, so hey I figured it would be good enough for me to stop by.  Boy has this place changed a lot in the past 5 years since I first moved down to SoCal.  The sauce used to be made on the premises if I'm not mistaken, but now it comes in these disturbing unmarked containers.

The chicken seems to have dried out significantly over the years.  I have since stayed away from the chicken wraps and stuck with the tarna which is pretty good, but kinda dry like all the rest of the stuff.  

But the garlic sauce is still good enough to take a bath in, now where did I leave that loofah dunked in garlic sauce...
Upstairs, Downstairs, and the restaurant in between--the Middle East is three levels of live music, a diverse crowd, and large portions of decent Mediterranean food.  The shows I've seen serve as far fonder memories than the Greek salad I ordered one night around 11, but it's a far better late-night dining option than McDonald's.  Definitely one of the best local venues for great indie acts, and small enough that you can often chat with the band after the show--or buy them a beer from the tiny but well-stocked bar.
Chicken Schwarma...  I could eat their Chicken Schwarma every day.. it's that farken good (to me at least).  I clean house every time I eat here and wonder to myself how this place isn't a chain of franchise locations.  This place blows Zankou out of the water...  I wanna sit the owner down and tell him I have a million dollar proposition to franchise his restaurant.. except I don't have a million dollars.. only $9.14.  This place is so good they sell out of food 30 minutes before closing and people walk up screaming "NO!!!!!" like Jake Byrd when he heard Paris Hilton was going back to jail (I watch jimmy kimmel).

I love their humus.. if I could fart their humus I'd eat it every day...

It's 3am and I dream of the chicken schwarma plate..
Whenever I think of Zankou, I get sad. 

It might still be good, but the last time I went, something changed. The misanthropic counter help didn't faze me, but the prices did. The nail in the coffin was the food; still good, but something intangible was missing. I can't place it; it's barely noticeable. 

All of a sudden, it wasn't as good as before. It was like the soul of Zankou chicken was replaced by a doppelganger, who raised the prices and put a credit card machine- I actually prayed that day would come- on the counter . Even the garlic sauce seemed minutely off. Outwardly, it was the same place, same menu, same tiny parking lot in the back, but something was amiss.

I might go back one day, just to try it again. I hope it wasn't my imagination, but I think the girls at the counter were nicer, too.
The hoummus and the pickles were wildly memorable. A side of hoummus is enough to save for lunch and dinner. The pickles have a nice biting taste that may overpower the falafel sandwich, but still I was impressed. A great falafel sandwich though with reasonable prices.
After reading all the good reviews on Zankou chicken, I had high expectation and was very disappointed about my visit.  I went in one afternoon and ordered a roasted chicken wrap.  They weren't busy at all.  But still took about 20 minutes to get my one wrap ready.  Pita bread was hard and dry, so was the chicken.  And where was the famous garlic sauce?  No sauce!  No flavor!  No nothing!!  Just my dry pita bread with dry chicken.  Did I order the wrong item?  Or did I just go into the wrong store at the wrong time?  But I don't think I'll be back here.
All of the food is amazing here, but expect to wait in line in a staircase and elbow your way through the crowds to find an empty table if there is one. Open til 3am!
I don't get what they hype is all about... My chicken was dry and the prices aren't cheap... Only good thing is the garlic butter spread but even that won't help the dry chicken.
Plus their fallfel isn't all that great, I prefer Dalphines but I guess everyone has their own opinion....
This is a local gem. Fresh food. Fair price. Best-value Mediterranean in Cambridge. Chicken shawarma rollup is my favorite.
First timer - tried PKG for lunch today.  Overall, quite tasty and a good value.  The chicken kabob sandwich was delicious with just the right amount of sauce.  The lentil soup had a nice, fresh flavor.  Place is cramped at lunch time but I had no problem waiting 7-8 minutes for my to go order.  Will return for the famous chicken schwarma pita with fries inside.  This beats trekking down to JG when the weather is less than savory!
This is one of my favorite hidden lunch spots in the city, despite it not actually being very hidden. I see other people have dealt with a female shop keeper, but every time I go it's Frank.  And Frank is gruff and on point.  Don't expect masturbatory groveling complete with smiles, instead look forward to a great meal made by someone who takes the time to craft each dish with care - from scratch.  The shwarma is amazing, though get the chicken and not the meat, and the falafel is the most authentic you'll be able to get your hands on in this city. Finally, I normally hate baklava, as it's normal dry and and made of prepackaged philo, but the baklava served here is almost reason enough to drive all the way out to squirrel hill.
Let me start off by thanking Aceituna Cafe for its existence :)

It's hard to find good shawarma in the Boston / Cambridge area... This place definitely tops my list for most delicious / healthy lunch. The staff is extremely friendly and always get my order on the dot. I would recommend that you order a spicy chicken wrap, you won't be disappointed.

My only complaint about this place is that it is a little too pricey... Too bad I am addicted and I come here almost every week hahaha
I would have given this place 5 stars had it not been for the lingering taste of garlic in my mouth from their hummus (and yes, this was after mints and then brushing my teeth). Granted, I'm not a huge fan of garlic, but if you are, their hummus will be totally up your alley!

Their beef kabobs were super flavorful, as was the pita and hummus. Their pita was one of the best things about the meal-- hot and fluffy! Mmmm! How I wish there was some baba bhanouj to scoop up! 

With the platter, you get two side salads; I got the fried eggplant and cucumbers. The eggplant's batter was a good balance, while the cucumbers were amazingly fresh and not mushy. 

I could have used a different rice though, like what they serve at Sahara Grill, but I won't complain because there was rice. ;) 

In short, the food is wonderful and cheap and I want some more.
My husband heard that this place was very good, so we decided to try it out. Well, the food was delicious, but the several hours I spent in bathroom with food poisoning wasn't worth it. I'd say if you want some tasty food and have nothing to do that night or next day, eat here.
The best falafels.
Delicious and affordable - a perfect post-grad dream!

After having passed Bella Pita countless of times during my college misadventures in Westwood, I finally stepped into this unassuming little shop hidden on Gayley. One of the smartest decisions I've made in my last 5 years here in Westwood. 

I ordered the chicken wowshi which was an absolute steal. It comes with two sizeable pita breads filled with hot well-seasoned chicken and a salad bar for you to stuff your wowshi to your heart's content. The bread is fresh (baked on the premise) with a nice crispy outside and chewy soft inside. The best part? This is easily a filling lunch at just a little over $6 (after tax). 

Great place to stop by for a quick, fresh lunch that's light on the wallet. 

Side note: They do validate parking for 20 minutes if you're not coming from very close, but I'd recommend walking if you can. It's just easier.
very good shawarma, though they lack the fries of greek corner II, which is pretty sad.
I'd seen the Ali Baba hype on Yelp, and I was in the area exploring Pitt, so I figured I might as well try my luck at the purported best Middle Eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It was a fine experience, but nothing special.

I patiently waited in line to order takeout, and got the spinach and lentil soup and the spinach pie, both highly recommended.  The soup was definitely the better of the two, with a strong lemon juice flavor as I usually make it myself.  The spinach pie, rumored to be so good, was a real let down.  Another reviewer called it "best in the country"?  Cmon, are you serious?  If I came here again I would definitely get the kibbee or something.

I couldn't help but notice the mass confusion at the counter, either, between the owner and the waitresses.  The takeout ordering system, which should honestly be quite easy, was causing many problems and making everyone a bit awkward.  They couldn't match the tickets with the completed orders with the ticket copies sent back to the kitchen.  

Considering the other options for lunch in the area, I do recommend Ali Baba.  Next time I go, maybe I will have a better experience, but the thought that their quality hinges so much on what you order doesn't make me feel better.
I met the Hummus Bitch!!!

Went to Tom's and met a really nice guy behind the counter who many of you may know as the Hummus Bitch.

He made us some great Italian sodas to go with our hummus and baba ganoush appetizer.  I had a delectable falafel wrap and my partner with something equally delicious with beef.  I couldn't be considered with what he was eating although his fries were delish as I was trying to figure out what the heck was in my wrap.  I saw noodles, carrots that seemed to be flavored with peanut sauce, crisp noodles and oodles of flavor.

We have known to become addicts of really good food and I can see that we are going to get to know the Hummus Bitch quite well.

Plus, the staff may or may not know they played one of our all time favorite jams- Jimmy, Jimmy Aaja!
I tried all the items on the menu and the best is their spicy chicken shawerma sandwich. Make sure to add their house special pink sauce, it's delicious! Their Osmaliya (a desert) is one of the best I have had. Other than that, i never liked any of their other dishes including their specials which they always seem to find a way to not get it right.
Gyros are delicious! They are a bit smaller than what I'd expect but they are great nonetheless! The guys here are so nice and their side of fries (if you do order it) is huge! Quality of food is good and the decor of the restaurant really sets a fitting mood to the food.
I would give them 5 stars but the seating sucks. Other than that the food here is delish and affordable. Come early because this place gets packed.
Zankou has really good wraps and plates.  I feel like the plates are more value and fills you up compared to a wrap, and you get sides which complement the meat very well.  I would recommend the  Chicken Tarna and the Beef Shawerma meats.

Plate comes with pita bread, hummus, rice, salad. along with an order of picked veggies.  Make sure to ask for garlic spread (or extra one) as that stuff is amazing!!!
This is a hidden gem in Pasadena off an otherwise busy Lake street. We discovered it thanks to yelp and I'll be forever grateful. Holy kebab this place rocked. I got the beef kebab plate and the meat was tender, the pilaf was delish, the salad had a perfect taste and the hummus was exceptional. The spouse got the chicken tarne wrap and loved it. I'm looking for reasons to come back to Pasadena so I can eat here again!
Circus food, this definitely is not. My friend and I were deciding on a place to meet and grab a bite before she left for a life of international travel. We were on the phone and she suggested "Circus Food", to which I responded with a silent "what the f*%#?". Apparently, the signal was just bad.

So, she clarified a few time that she said "Turkish Food", to which I responded with an "ahhh" filled with realization. Why would she suggest Circus food. Anyway, the place was surprisingly good. As it should be with its location in West University. The overall service was great. Being new to Turkish cuisine, my friend and I had no idea what the stuff on the menu were. For all we could've know, we were ordering cow eyes kebab. Fortunately, our waitress took the time and explained what the plates were, of what they consisted, and even told us what the popular plates were. There was a bit of a language barrier to overcome, but overall, the people there are great. 

I ordered the Kuze (Lamb) Sis Kebab and it was absolutely tender and delicious. It was cooked just right and with just the right amount of flavor. Well, at least to the first timer to Turkish cuisine anyways.

As for the atmosphere or environment of the establishment, it could use some work. The place was cramped and the seats and tables a bit rickety. The place is pretty small so there really isn't much room to expand, unless they close up some of the outside seating area they have in the front of the restaurant.

Overall, a good dining experience.
This is a solid restaurant, with generous portions and decent quality. We ordered the veggie combo for two and it was enough food for five meals, especially when paired with their amazing, fresh out of the oven pita bread. I was also impressed that they offered us extra pita to go after we asked for boxes for our food. Their vegetarian dishes all seemed strong and I particularly liked their garlic sauce. I will definitely return.
De-friggin-licious.

Stopped here before heading over to club static for hookah, and the food is crazy good. 

I've never had shawarma before, but the guys I was with told me this is the best place to get it. I asked the guy working behind the counter what's better, chicken or the beef, and he let me sample a small bite of both. Both are super tasty, but the beef was tad juicier so I went with the beef shawarma. 

I did the combo meal, so I got a sprite and fries with it. 
Their fries are PERFECT. Crunchy, with yummy spices all over them. Not too salty, just right. The shawarma 'wrap' had tomatoes, beef, pickles I think, and a tangy sauce inside, wrapped up in a pita. 

The environment is cozy, bar stool seating, and then table seating too, although 20+ people inside would be cramped. Nice background music, and they had a TV in the corner playing something. All the staff there are super nice and friendly. I was surprised to see they were open til 3am!
I don't live by the UDistrict, but whenever I come down here I'll be sure to get shawarma from now on :)
I have heard good and bad things from my friends while growing up here, but I have never had any issue with their gyro. I think it is really good and the combo deal is not too bad. Haven't had anything else but you can't go wrong with their gyro
Of the few decent falafel places in Ann Arbor, J-Garden is definitely a stand out.  I've been going there since college (cheap-eats!) and have never been dissapointed.

Great for dining-in and take-out.  Service is always fast and friendly; I'm a big fan of sitting at the bar-style counter for a quick lunch/dinner.

My go-to-dish is the falafel with hummus pita, with extra hot sauce.   Occasionally I'll go for the veggie grape leaves, which are also quite good.  I haven't tried too much other stuff on the menu because I love those two dishes so much, but I hear it's all good.

Of note - I'm not a vegetarian, but with J-Garden around I probably could be.
Sabra Grill is a Hidden Gem!

The lamb shawarma is so good it's completely addictive! The tahini sauce on top gives it a perfect touch! I go back for more as often as I can for a perfect lunch! (it comes with rice and salad)! 
The owners are also very adorable, and I love stopping bye to grab either a falafel + chicken plate (for my husband) and a Shawarma plate to take home for dinner.

Don't get fooled by the simplicity of the place, this is one of the best take-out of the Square!
I have lived less than a block away from Hummus for months now, but I did not give it a try until this week, and now I am SO GRATEFUL that I live so close by.  So far, I have only tried the lamb kabob sandwich and the shawarma sandwich, and both are absolutely delicious.  The whole wheat pita (you can also get white pita) is delightfully soft and delicious.  I always order everything in the sandwich except for the hot sauce, and the combination of ingredients that come in the sandwich is tasty and fresh (tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage salad, onions, and tahini, lemon juice, and garlic).

The sandwiches come stuffed full with meat.  The lamb and chicken were both SO flavorful, and I would highly recommend both.  I would say I like the lamb better except that the chunks of lamb are kind of hard to tear apart with your teeth, so it can be a little messy to eat.  Therefore, when I'm with company, I would prefer the chicken just because it's cleaner.  

Overall, fast, convenient, affordable, filling, and delicious food that I will probably continue to frequent at least once every couple weeks when I'm too lazy to cook!
I've tried the falafel wrap and chicken wrap: both were delectable.

But the human interaction was truly beautiful:

My first visit was 2 pm on a Sunday, lunch rush. But the line was moving so quickly and smoothly! 

"May I take you order, please?"
"Falafel wrap, please."
"What would you like on it, please?"
"Everything but jalapenos and onions, please."
[// slides wrap down the line //]
"Thank you, next please!"

By using "please" to the point of excess, this man was artfully controlling the cadence and atmosphere of his business through language, that ethereal superpower. Incredible.
This past weekend, my sister and I trudged along through tiny rivers on the street about 6 inches high during the terrible downpour of rain we were having. We were soaked up to our thighs, and we did so just to get to Kismet.

Two petite girls ruffled up from the rain? We were pretty much a pathetic sight. We made our order, and then sat down to chat while we waited what was probably 15 minutes for our food. She got a roast beef shawarma student combo (5.55 with fries and a drink), while I ordered off the appetizer menu: stuffed grape leaves, fries, and hummus.

The food was amazing. I love their paprika fries (hot and crisp!) and stuffed grape leaves (sour and cool!). The hummus is decent because it's cheap and tastes great, although I've had better elsewhere. My sister thoroughly enjoyed her meal as well. Despite the weather and the wait, we were happy. The trip was definitely worth going through the rain and struggling to cross flooded intersections.

Service can vary sometimes, depending on who's working the register. The women are generally more genial, taking orders with a smile and willing to offer some suggestions if you can't make up your mind. On the other hand, the men are more stern and won't say much when taking your order, but other than their intimidating demeanors, they seem relatively harmless.

On a side note, my sister and I were extremely amused to see a Pita Pit employee come in--work uniform on and all--to get some food here. It's like... seeing a Quiznos employee order Subway. Weird!
Great food...great service!..
Dancing at Zuzu- a time-honored Cambridge tradition. I'll concede that the line is annoyingly long on Friday and Saturday nights, and moves with the fluidity of molasses. I admit that they pack out their dance space to the point of virtually zero range of personal motion. But you know what? 

So. worth. it. 

For a measly five spot, I can shake it like I do when no one is looking to some universally-appealing tunes with a wide mix of anyone and everyone from every major social scene in Boston. Hippies and hipsters and ravers and indies and woo-girls come together for a merry buffet of all things dancey. The DJs totally know how to work the crowd. 

Coat check? Nah. Everyone just tosses their gear on the couches in a massive mountain of goose down, wool, and Gortex. The drinks are stiff, the tunes are good, and the crowd is friendly. And no one is going to look twice at your purple pumas (except maybe with justifiable admiration)! Leave the expensive Blahniks at home, but you can pretty much rock whatever you want. 

And I'll say it again-- FOR FIVE BUCKS. 

A guaranteed good time, every time.
Best pizza in west philly. 
Open late.
friendly staff.
Reasonable prices.
A large group of friends came here for dinner on a Friday night before 6 and found the place deserted. Service is slow and can be confusing, but they were happy to do 9(!) separate checks with most of us paying by credit. Some people ordered rolls and others kababs; the portions were equally large, which means the rolls are a much better deal price-wise. The food was fine--a solid 3 stars' worth--but I'm giving an extra star just for the fries that came with the rolls, particularly the SAUCE on the side. It tastes like spicy ketchup, which combined with pretty decent thick-ish fries, makes for an addictive meal. I would come here again just for the naan and fries.
Ugh- I've now been 3 times since the change in management- it's just not the same place at all.  sure the paint is refreshed- but so are the prices and the attitude.  The last time I was there the guy behind the counter was SO RUDE!  He took orders from his friends that were coming in behind me, and then, when I was finally the last possible person he could wait on, refusing to make eye contact, he nodded in my direction "yes?" that was it.  

If i want to be treated badly, there are numerous places-- particularly in Central Square where I can go to be taken down a peg.  but when I'm a customer, me thinks not.

that was my last visit- buh-bye Moody's. Nice knowing ya- plenty of places to get a shwarma  wrap & falafel nearby.
Fantastic food from friendly folks.  
If you can speak the language, they'll tell you some jokes.
Fresh, hot, yum yum yum
Now that I'm thinking of it, I need to go get me some.
Bella Pita can do me no wrong! Oh how I love bella. I come here ~3 times a week and my go-to is a chicken wowshi with fries. The pitas are good to--you cannot go wrong with either. Tips: make sure to put the sauces on first, then the toppings, and then a little bit more sauces for good measure.  Bella sauce is made with 3 parts white sauce and 1 part really hot sauce, so make sure to ask for a little container to make that for your fries. Whether you need lunch, dinner, or a drunken snack, Bella Pita should be your #1 choice!
My dear, sweet Middle East! 
Always been there for my local live band listening pleasure! 
I have absolutely no bad words for this establishment after several visits there; whether it be for dining or gigs. 
SOO let me break it doowwwn for ya:
Zeee Nightclub: 
It's got an upper and lower level, with shows rockin' at the same time almost every night. Often times 18+ but there are all age shows occasionally! Upstairs, the bar's right next to you and it's a cozy room full of spirit and underground decor. Once the music's flowing get ready rock out with yo' smock out! Or what have you.. 
Restaurant: 
Tasty (surprise!) middle-eastern cuisine that will make your head spin; it's absolutely delicious! I've been pleasantly surprised over and over with each dinner I've eaten there.. the portions always seem to be just right! NUMMY in theee TUMMY! I've tasted their falafel, chicken soup, and shrimp kabab and enjoyed every bit of them! MMM!! Salads are generous and very fresh. Juices are delightful and sweetened to perfection! 
It's a no-brainer as to why Middle East is so popular.. 
If you've somehow missed out on this fantastic place, GET OUT THERE NOW!!
Being new to the area, I stumbled upon this awesome place on a Saturday night, after contemplating another late night session of mediocre pie at Hi-Fi Pizza down the road. 

Even around 2 am, this place is bustling with a combination of locals, visitors, and falafel enthusiasts, who are looking to satiate their post-revelrous adventures with some authentic middle eastern cuisine.

 I tried the lamb shawarma, and it was deliciously cheap at $4.99 for a reasonably sized wrap. And the variety of options offered for such a small place was pleasantly surprising. They offer everything from traditional falafel, to baba ghanouj, and of course, hummus.

And although there was a bit of a line outside the door, it was absolutely worth the wait. This palace just gained a new regular customer.
DOWN WITH THE KING!

Over-cooked, over-salted, over-rated.    Definitely time for a culinary coup d'etat.

Keep on walking.
Food pretty good, atmosphere so so.  Dark, old, slightly dingy.  Owners lovely!
No one likes a hater.
Some haters are worse than others.
Bella Pita haters are the worst.

Call me what you want but I have to stand up for the gloriousness that is Bella Pita. I've been a supporter of it since the summer of 2007, when that little restaurant first took over their current location on Gayley. When I was still living in Westwood, I used to wander down the street, dreaming of its deliciousness. I'd walk into that little hole in the wall, slam down a $5 on the counter and get the best falafel and the softest pita ever made by man in return. 

Not much has changed in the past two years. Yes, prices may have gone up just a little and they may have stopped including fried cauliflower in the salad bar, but it's still the best bang for your buck in Westwood. I still load up on the veggies (lettuce! cucumbers! pickled onions! tomatoes!) and smother the whole thing in hummus and white sauce. 

For those who complain about running out of veggies or having a pita filled with meat at the end of the meal: use a fork. 
For those who complain about the mess: grab another piece of wax paper.  
For those who complain about Bella Pita: don't be a hater. 
For those who may complain about me: la la la...I can't hear you! I'm too busy eating Bella Pita.
This place is out of this world. I came here a few months ago and was blown away by the iskender kabob. I finally got my husband to join me tonight, and thankfully the food lived up to all of my ranting and raving. For an appetizer, we shared the large mixed plate and split the veggie iskender with a huge large lavash bread on the side. Everything is reasonably priced considering the size of the servings and the quality of food. It's one of those places where even though the food is traditional, there is something for every palate that is delicious and satisfying.

Probably not the most romantic setting, and the location is not 100% ideal. If you can put all that aside, Ali Baba is a must for those who love Middle Eastern cuisine.
Imagine a world where lunch costs $3.20. A yummy, well-balanced lunch. Are you with me?

They've got wraps and plates galore, all delicious, but if the summer heat has you craving something fresh and not enormous for lunch, get the falafel side order. Two falafel balls on a bed of "cairo salad" - a mixed salad with greens, cukes, feta, tomatoes, and then a side of pita bread and tahini sauce. It's a great snack and for the petite or waistband-conscious around here (when I look in the mirror, do I want to see that Charlie's Kitchen double cheeseburger staring back at me?), it's a fantastically fulfilling lunch.

Their veggie platter is better-sized for the hungrier around, and their Baba Ghanouj is amazing. The hours can't be beat, even for insomniac college kids. The one star down is only because the falafel balls are a little on the dry side, so I usually need to add baba ghanouj to my roll-up for an extra dollar and an infusion of tangy deliciousness. 

The ambiance is lackluster, so take your food to go. Eat up and eat well.
This place is always packed on saturday afternoon when I pick up my dry cleaning.


Had chicken shawerma pita wrap $5.25.  Very tasty - the chilli paste and garlic sauce enhance the flavor even more.  Although it is quite savory without it.  But it is almost inconceivable to me that adding chilli and garlic to something would not make it taste even better.  But I'm Peruvian - I have garlic and chilli in my veins.

Need to try other menu items - really looking forward to it.

Only downside is that It does not stay open late
they have the best Taboolery. I had tried from San Francisco, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and this is a must (10/10).  they are prefect.  falafel (6/10) .... not the best, the gyro wrap is not bad (8/10), we got the appetizer platter and exchange the dolma and feta cheese for half order of french fries.  get the orange dipping sauce for the french fries, it's good.  staff was friendly and helpful.  most of the stuff were under $7 per order. we paid $16 which include appetizer platter, gyro wrap with hummus, and some pickles, and a soda from the fridge.  the pita bread is warm and soft. I normally go to couple restaurant per town to sample their food. if I come back again, I will get their Taboolery.
Had lunch on Black Friday at Holy Land.  First visit - there will be more.  For a late lunch time, we were only the second table, a third group came in after us.  First impression was of the wind from the open door blowing off some of the paper place mats.  Since there is no vestibule, the cold air comes in when the door opens.  Keep your sweater on!

There seemed to be one employee doing everything, but when we went to the counter to pay, we noticed two others in the back.  A cute young girl was learning the register that day!

Now to the food... we shared the Mixed Grill and appetizer of four falafel with yogurt sauce.  The Mixed Grill came with fresh hummus , rice and pita breads.  We really enjoyed three types of grilled meat - lamb, beef and chicken kabaabs.  All were flavored well and there was plenty to share.  

There are many items on the menu to try and we'll go again... maybe carryout next time.
Great service and food. Enjoyed our dinner here on a busy Saturday night.
Fantastic food considering the prices. Nice guys behind the counter, fast food that still feels pretty healthy. Great late-night or when you're in a rush... or just when you don't feel like spending a ton, but want something hot and delish!
Great small venue to check out bands on the weekends.   Middle East really gets a wide variety of acts through the door.  Can't say that I've eaten here, but the basement area fits its purpose well.  

Tickets are reasonably prices, bars are well-placed, and the space provides an intimate setting for the artist and fans.  My favorite show here was Appetite for Destruction, a GNR tribute band.  If you don't know tribute bands, which replicate a single artist completely from musical style to wardrobe, are far more serious than cover bands, who pony up only pop hits for the masses.  Both concepts are amazing.
The chicken wowshi is my all time favorite. Found this place on yelp and had to try it before class. The amount of food is great for it's price. There's a small bar where you can make your own wowshi or pita. Selection is small but work perfectly not to over fill you.

The hummus there is good but I love their herbal dressing. Their really hot sauce is overkill if you pour it all over your food.

Definitely one of my favorite late night places too- cheap, fast, and super delicious.
F is for
Falafel King:
fast
filling
flavorful
friendly

I came here for the first time about a month ago.  I need to come here more often! I always pass by it!  My goal is to try all their side dishes.  Everything looks so good! I didn't want my dinner to end and was going to order another plate.  I will update after I go back....which is going to be sometime this week.
If nothing else, this place wins because of their late hours with respect to bar closing times. Let this be a note to the MBTA, this is how you serve your customers. The quality of the food isn't very consistent, which hold me back from giving a full 5 stars. However, i guarantee i will keep coming back when the night is over and i need something good and cheap.
WARNING: If you get the chips, YOU WILL FEEL LIKE A BLOB OF GREASE. 

This was my favorite place to goto while working in Westwood. I'd work up a hunger, eat here, feel like a grease ball, get a huge food coma, go back to work and try to sneak in a 30 minute nap in the middle of the office I worked in. 

I usually get the chicken schwarma(sp) with the usual humus and rice and two sides of your choice (I get tomatoes and extra chips). It's pretty cheap considering you will feel REALLY full. It also comes with some pita bread.
Another of my weekly favorites back in the day, the sharwarma with mushrooms and cheese was my favorite, with all those different sauces and the deep fried bater chips of whatever were pretty good too. Gotta try this.
I went to ZuZu a few weeks ago for Soul night. We got there insanely early, so getting in wasn't an issue as it seemed to be for others. In addition to being ridiculously crowded, I found the tunes to be just okay (come on, Boston, one decent soul night...pleeeaaase???). The room is pretty cool and the crowd was upbeat. My major complaint was that the bar staff sucked. It took forever to get a drink, bartenders were huffy, my order was forgotten, credit cards mixed up, the whole nine. I understand that it's a busy, noisy night, but it's your biggest dance night, Zuzu, put out your all-star bar staff. If they are the best you got, then forget it. I'll go get treated like crap somewhere where the drinks aren't overpriced and I don't have to wait for 25 minutes in a sweaty pit for a gin and tonic. 

Not worth the hype.
Hands down, the best falafel......Usually a long wait out the door, but surprisingly it goes fast.
Chicken Kebob and Hummus and reliably fantastic.  A bit expensive, but compared to other kebob and hummus restaurants, it's worth it!!
I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food and I also am always looking for fast food that isn't laden with nasty grease and whatnot. this place delivers on quality. i always get their falafel pita, and i am never disappointed. their platters seem pretty big for their prices, and its all fresh ingredients, which is always what makes good food great. definitely a great place to get great take-out on a busy night.
This place rocks.

Super affordable, generous portions, and delicious, fresh food. What more can you ask for?

All of their meat is amazing (tried everything except the Lule Kabob) as well as their falafels.  Their tabouleh is decent, and they have the best garlic sauce in the whole world.  Plus, you can get a whole pack of Pita here for just a buck! Why buy it for $3 in the grocery store?

Their rotisserie chicken is their star player here, though. It truly is the best in town.. or the best in the world maybe..hehe.. It is always hot, fresh, juicy, and moist, with deliciously crispy skin.  My husband isn't a big chicken fan and even HE loves it.  You can get a whole chicken with pita and garlic sauce for only $9 bucks too! What's not to love?

The wraps here are a little on the small side, and if you order a rotisserie chicken wrap, they will give you chicken that has already been cut up and ready for wrapping, so it's not as hot and fresh as the kind you get when  you just order the rotisserie chicken or the plate. I'd advise ordering the rotisserie chicken plate and making your OWN wrap instead. Well worth the extra cost for the fresh rotisserie chicken. Plus, you'll get a LOT more food too.
SOUL-LEH-LU-JAH!!!  Line was long, so we left and came back.   Andy Warhol's doppelganger at the door wouldn't let us in because the place was too packed, so we commenced dancing our asses off on the sidewalk.  He opened the door and let us in, crediting our antics for our admission.  I take no credit though.  It is impossible not to move to that music.  

You WILL dance.  My bf does not dance, ever, to the point where we've had fights and doubts about whether our relationship could survive his flat-footed stubbornness (or my disco fever, whatever) but he did not stop moving for 3 hours straight.  The line is worth it.  See you on Saturday.
It is great to have a falafel place in the area.

The food was good, although the portions were a little small.
I split the Wrapro vegetarian plate ($10) with a friend.  It was listed as serving two people, but I could have easily eaten all of it myself.

Vegetarian Friendly.

Prices run:
~$5 for a wrap (veggie or meaty)
~$6 for a veggie plate
~$7-8 for a meaty plate
I really like their chicken shawarma wraps. That's all I ever want from a kebab place, yet I'm so often faced with dry, flavorless meat (I'm looking at you, Sabra Grill!) or weird pickles or some other kind of sadness in a pita. The chicken was perfectly moist and really well seasoned on its own, plus the tahini was so good and not over- or under-portioned. I also love their pistachio and walnut maamoul pastries. So delicate and sandy and lightly perfumed in the way I always want turkish delight to be and it never is.

Service has always been quick for me, and if you're eating in, the place is sunny and clean and usually quiet. One star off because they don't take credit cards (only debit).
I think the food at Sunrise Deli is quite good, especially considering the price.  Yesterday I was having sort of a potluck picnic with some fellow students and purchased 6 falafel, babaganoush, pita and quite a bit of tabouli  for about $9.  (Sometimes almost what I pay for a stupid factory sandwich and chips at Cal.)  I think I like the falafel from the Hummingbird Cafe just a tad (just) better, but it's pretty darn good here--not strong, greasy or burnt.  The babaganoush has sort of a smoky taste that's really out of this world, imo.  Like some of the other reviewers, I'd suggest going when this place is not busy because it's very small.  I'd give this place 5 stars except I always feel a slightly strange vibe ordering here; the owner/help just needs to be a little more customer friendly.  I never get a receipt either--it's never been a problem, but I wonder whether during a rush it could be.  I recommend the vegetarian plate (small).  It's a good, relatively healthy and cheap lunch.
I used to come here a lot in my first year of college to celebrate some friends' birthdays and just hookah. Food is good.   It's a good place for big groups, but it can be kinda pricy as I remember. 

For hookah, this place is okay. Again, kinda pricy. And I recall a few times when I've left feeling like throwing up, but it may have been just from taking too many hits. 

Overall, it's a chill place to smoke hookah though. I liked the atmosphere a lot, and the couches/decor.
Zuzu's - you rock my world!  I like your tiny little cushy alcove of a room best of all of the Middle East venues.  I LOVE your raspberry gimlet martinis, and your baklava is explosive!!  My only complaint is that you won't let me have a table on the weekend if I'm just drinking.  Hello, one martini costs the same as a meal!  And the less food I eat, the faster I drink....

You always seem to attract an eclectic and, may I say, darnright cute crowd, too.
Honestly, I find it hard to think of redeeming qualities of this restaurant.  The rice was overcooked and hard.  The yogurt chicken was really bizarre.  The chicken was chunky and the yogurt sauce was really thin and had this odd aftertaste.  True, you don't pay much, but you also don't get much either.  The pita bread was nice, but that was prepackaged, so no points for that.

I had originally ordered something else, but my friend decided that she didn't like hers, so we switched.  I ended up liking her yogurt chicken better and that is what is reviewed above.

I felt kinda weird on the drive back.  My stomach was not happy.  I doubt I'll be coming here again.
good ambiance for campus town. extremely attentive service. price is reasonable for what you get.

But i didn't leave this place feeling like I NEED to come back here again. The food was good, but it wasn't mind blowing. Maybe Indian/middle eastern food isn't exactly my food of choice. I'll probably come back here again and try something new (I got a chicken dish which was pretty good, but next time I'm going to try their curry dishes and their rolls). Anyway, this is a good addition to campus town. I liked it more than Bombay even though I believe they're owned by the same guy.
I adore this place! Open late and the food is GREAT! Love love love their falafels. I've tried their other stuff like grape leaf wraps, hummus, etc... not the best, but not bad either. Just go with a sandwich and fries! :)
The best hummus in the area! The gyros are the best!
Cheap, quaint date place for after dinner tea. Love the ambiance.
Been here a couple times - sandwiches are good but platters were severely underwhelming. All lettuce, barely any deliciousness. If you go, split absandwich and fries and ignore the fact that it's so close to the eyesore that is the Radian.
Their sandwiches rock. They even put the pickles and French fries in the sandwich like you get in the middle east. Highly recommended.
After all the great reviews and my family's love for middle eastern cuisine, I chose Al Baraki for an informal birthday dinner last Friday. We were very disappointed by poor service - albeit with the best intentions on the part of the owner/server. My dad ordered coffee which was brought cold (and replaced on our request). We were missing silverware, had to ask for that too. Orders were delivered slowly, kitchen and server were clearly overwhelmed although the restaurant was not even full. Front door opening and closing made for a strong draft, and we felt cold most of the time. Some customers wore their outerwear indoors. Food was passable, not spectacular (much less interesting or flavorful than at the Ali Baba in Troy or at Beirut in Albany. We were disappointed that there was no traditional lamb shish kebob, only ground lamb dishes. The beef and chicken kebobs were not marinated enough, not much flavor, beef was just tough to chew. Desserts as well as the house special lemonade drink had roe water flavor in them, which is not for everyone. So as much as we want to support hard working emigrant families, this establishment will not be on our list. Next time - back to Ali Baba.
$2.00 flat for half a dozen falafels? COUNT. ME. IN.

I've never had a problem with stale or old falafels from sunrise deli, they always make it fresh for me, right out of the fryer. Om nom nom. 

I love the veggie plate (I usually get a small and that's definitely enough to keep me full with a good bottle of ice cold water) that comes with hummus (garbanzo bean mush), babaghanouj (eggplant mush), rice and lentils and a green salad mush PLUS one falafel and one dolma.

Sounds like a lot right? 

Super falafel is also fantastic - really big and they toast it in the oven for you. 

The chicken shwarma is moist, fillin and.. quite frankly - messy as any kind of finger food could get. 

Thumbs up from me. I wind up taking out the half dozen falafels a little TOO often..  Straight into my BELLY.
From the outside, Hummus doesn't look like much. It's basically a small brick one-story storefront with a single sign that becons you with big-bold-back-lit letters reading "hummus".  

Given the stark exterior,  stepping inside reveals a pleasant surprise. The interior is nicely decorated with warm colors and trendy furniture. It's a very clean and comfortable atmosphere. Most importantly, though, the food is pretty good. I'm no expert on middle eastern food, but I do know what I like and I've never been let down here. It's a good alternative to the UPenn food carts; a little more expensive, but in my opinion, a step up in quality. The staff is always friendly and you won't have to wait long for your food. I recommend it. 

Oh, and if they ask you if you want hot sauce, say yes!
It's hard to find a cheap, healthy, oh -my- god -I -feel- like- Im -being- a- fattie- but- Im- not,  take out place. Most of the menu is under 5 bucks, it has a ton of veggie and vegan options, its right in central square, and i pretty much love it. Sucks I waited this long to find it.
Chicken shwarma!! Everything is good.
There's a  lunchtime rush - avoid noon on weekdays.
Fred ROCKS! I have been goint to Saca's since they were on Arrow and the consistency of service has always been amazing! He and his wife are amazing human beings. The falafels are awesome but here's what's great about Saca's -- the way he treats his employees! In an industry where turnover is ridiculus, they have managed to keep the same employees for over ten years AND give them paid vacation! Go to Saca's and try the food and be dazzled by the service. Long live Saca's!
Wicked cheap decent breakfast, followed a few weeks later by wicked cheap undecent breakfast.
I work in the West Campus area and I wanted to try something new for lunch.  I haven't had much Mediterranean food in the past.  I thought a falafel was a flat waffle for some reason.  I ordered their falafel on thai noodle sandwhich and it was fantastic.  I also found out about Baklava from the Texas Folklife Fest the other weekend in San Antonio.  The Baklava is was a mouth-watering treat.  I highly recommend the place even though the parking isn't that great, but that's the way it is in the WC.
Before Arpeggio's, this place would probably be a 3, 3.5.  But now it just pales in comparison in my opinion.

The $5.55 deal is nice: any wrap, fries and a drink.  Not many selections on the drink, out of ice the day i went.  Fries are kinda strange tasting the day I went.  My gyro was average, nothing special there either.  My friend got the spicy chicken wrap, where the cashier warned him it was mind blowingly spicy.  I tried part of it and it didn't phase me at all (and i have like zero tolerance to spicy...).

Pay a bit more at Arpeggios, you wont regret it.
I heart Makkah Market.  Beyond the wonderful prepared foods, the staff is always friendly and inviting.  I heart the falafel and the baklava, which I can be picky about.  Sticky, crispy, and sweet.

I love that I can pick up bags of giant whole wheat pitas for a mere $1.50.  Homemade hummus wraps for the week.  If you're willing to try new things and cook a bit more often, you can find some real gems here of the Middle Eastern variety.

Oh, and the late night hours are AWESOME.
I have gone for both the ultra falafel and the avocado falafel .  Both were excellent and affordable.
If you are craving Mediterranean, skip the other places on University Ave and look no further than here! I have had lots of falafel over the years, and out of them all Shawarma King's is the most delicious, with the best texture and moistness. And if falafel is not your thing, any sandwich you get is sure to be satisfying as they have the BEST topping combinations...always the right amount of everything. For sides, I like fries with my sandwich, and these never disappoint with their perfect crispness and seasoning(I am a serious french fry critic). I give Shawarma King 5 stars for not just great and consistent quality, but also for all the wonderful people who work here. The owners always make you feel right at home and provide excellent customer service....such a welcoming atmosphere is rare, especially accompanied by such amazing food. They lift my spirits with every visit! Everything about this place keeps me coming back for more. :)
I love, Zankou Chicken... it rocks! The humus and pita is amazing!!! the chicken rocks the house. 

I love the garlic sauce!!!
Looks gross. Tastes great.

I had heard good things about Sepal, so I was dismayed to watch them make my Lamb Shawarma sandwich with what looked like very dried out meat, soggy french fries, and a totally random assemblage of condiments. But then, (surprise!) it was DELICIOUS.  The meat was actually moist and very well seasoned.  The french fries, condiments, and other stuff they stuck in there just worked.

My friend recommended I try the Vimto (canned, fruit-flavored soda), and that was good too. Of course, if the idea of canned, fruit-flavored soda disgusts you, don't drink it.

Now, if they could just stick a Sepal truck outside my office every day for lunch...
Did someone really just say they got "two falafels, one lamb and one chicken" here? Um, people unclear on the concept, perhaps?

Pretty damn good falafel here (which is CHICKPEAS for the clueless), good tahini, EXCELLENT prices (can you walk out of any other place in the square with a full meal for less than $5? I think not). 

Cute longhaired arabic boys who are nice to flirt with. The staff generally remembers regulars and are super nice. This is a family-owned place (run by the original Moody's cousin) and it could surely use a re-decorating venture and a deep clean (the hanging decorations haven't been dusted in millennia) but the food is good and one of the best deals in the area.

The only cons: the spinach "pie" has no cheese in it (sacrelige)
and the salad that comes with platters is super watery so it leaks all over. Oh and they still use styrofoam, sadly. 

The falafel comes with pickles so make sure you specify if you don't like those!
Seriously?  A great mediterranean food fix in Pasadena.  Came here on recommendation of a friend that isn't that reliable so I was pretty surprised.

Service is FAST!  and its a great price ~10 bucks.  And its the perfect serving size for one person.

Lamb and beef kabobs are tender and delicious.  Interior is nothing romantic, but the food is so great you don't care.  I wasn't too crazy about the rice though ... but I LOVED their pita bread, and garlic spread.

I would DEFINITELY consider coming back here, its a good go-to place when you want something delicious and quick.  You could go to the Chipotle, Panda Express, Rubio's that are in the same complex, but WHY?  This place is definitely a winner.  I'd probably skip the rice though.
When I looked up the reviews for this place, it seemed like it was earning a pretty solid four-stars, which, in my book, means it's worth checking out.  Actually, what sealed the deal was Sameer saying that this place was the new best falafel in West Philly.  So I hopped on over to Hummus to judge for myself.

Indeed, the falafel is wonderful.  I don't know if I'd call it the best (the only competition is Magic Carpet), but it's good in a different way.  First of all, you get A LOT of food.  It sounds like a lot of food when you order the falafel platter and they say, "White or Wheat Pita?  Fries or Rice?  Which two vegetables would you like with that?  Onions?  Tomatoes?  Pickles?  Olives?  Tahini?...." Whoa.  Almost overwhelming.  Almost.  So then I took my food back to my office and opened it up and thought, "It's not THAT much food."  Until I finished a quarter of it and realized I had most definitely bought two days worth of lunch for $8.  Excellent!

The place itself is clean and friendly, and as efficient as they can be.  Sure, I had to wait almost ten minutes, but at 1PM on a weekday in University City, that's par for the course.  I like that you can eat there.  That's always the thing with Magic Carpet.  Yes, the food keeps me coming back, but where do I go with it?  They have a surprising amount of dining area in Hummus.  What's with that space, anyway?  It looks like someone's old garage from the outside!  Fine by me, though.  I'm sold.
Tucked away underneath an old house, next to a giant apartment complex, and next to the seedy McDonald's on 40th street is a neat little Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant which serves as a nice break from the offerings in the area.

I had the beef kabobs with with some piping hot pita bread and hummus, boy...that's strong garlic taste there! It was no frills, quick, and fairly inexpensive if you stick to the basics. 

I've walked by here at lunch time...the line seems to snake out, so count on getting it to go. The seating & layout seems to be a bit strange, but I've only been here during the lulls of the day, so I managed to find a table.
I've never eaten their food, so I can't comment on that, but my experiences at Byblos have been good. Their customer services is decent and the place is kept clean.

I usually go with a few friends, have some booze and enjoy a hookah. I'm not a smoker and I still enjoy going here, so I would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere different to spend their evening.
Great budget place for lunch!
Bad customer service because they always have really long lines but the food is really good for its price.
You'll definitely crave food from here!
I work next door, so when I get that craving for some pita & hummus, it's a convenient spot to get my fix in. I've visited a few times and have tried the chicken wrap and the chicken plate. They definitely give you alot of food, but the chicken is dry, really dry. More often than not, I opt for beef because dry meat completely ruins the meal. 

The staff is extremely friendly and the prices ares reasonable. But, I have yet to try anything else. As it stands, the hummus is the only thing I consider worth going back for.
The best thing about this place is the service.  No lie, I was floored by how quick the service was.  It puts McDonalds or any other chain that promises quick service to shame.  Loads of people come in and out during their lunch break, so the line is long, but it moves quickly.  I ordered, the friendly man behind the counter repeated my order with his cute accent (my guess is Armenian?  My detectors are out of practice, my next guess was Russian.  Then I thought, what is a Russian man doing in a Mediterranean restaurant?? I digress.) as he punched it in, and by the time my card was swiped my food was delivered to me.  This speedy service had me wondering about the accuracy and freshness of my food.  It was all there and uber fresh.  Awesome.

Food: steak kebab plate, side order of garlic dip, and baklava.  Baklava wasn't too sweet, I really enjoyed it.  Reminded me of Sarkis from Glendale, probably my fave baklava thus far.  I don't think the garlic dip is a winner for everyone, it's mayo based, has a fatty consistency, and has a sharp garlic taste. I am a fan of both mayo and sharp garlic taste, so it was a perfect compliment to the food.  The plate came with 2 sticks of steak kebab, rice pilaf, Greek salad, and hummus.  One of the kebabs was tender and juicy, the other was a bit dry.  Salad was de-lish, no complaints here.  Rice left me indifferent.  Hummus was heavy handed in the salting.  Pita bread was soft, warm, and huge.  

This place is the best local Mediterranean place I've been to.  However, nothing compares to Bravo Cafe in Silverlake.  It's the standard by which all other Mediterranean places are measured.  This place is decent.  Prices are good.  Portions are smaller than usual.

Park in the lot.  It's run by City of Pasadena.  It's free for the first 2 hours.  There's a kiosk to pay.  I wasn't sure what to do, pay first and it'll charge me after?  Take the 2 hours now and come back to pay later?  I wasn't sure and just took off.  Whatever.  Haven't gotten a ticket in the mail yet.
Lousy espresso drinks.  My cappuccino's milk froth was much too thick and the espresso itself tasted burnt.  Combine this with spotty, awkward service and cramped quarters and you have one really lackluster coffeehouse.
Since this little nook is so close to Jerusalem Garden, I never really stepped into it until the summer AFTER graduation. Its pretty good. The Chicken Shwarma is pretty flavorful (tons of garlic and hummus) and includes little french fries wrapped up in the sandwich, kind of like the souvlaki I had while I was in Athens. The lentil soup is pretty good- a little watery and not as flavorful as Jgarden's, but about $3 will get you a generous portion of soup and a bag of pita bread. 

Since its a tad bit cheaper, a little faster and you get more food, I've been walking through the doors of this place instead of Jgarden's for a quick bite. Service is friendly. One warning though; the baklava combo box is actually more expensive than if you ordered three separate baklavas from the case ;)
Chicken kabob plate was good but I felt rushed when I was ordering. Chill out!
I eat here more than anywhere else in the world. The falafel sandwich is amazing. People I've taken here also adore the falafel, although I've heard mixed reviews about the lamb (I don't do meat so I don't know). It's cheap and open until 3am on weekends (finally, a break from hi-fi).
Like a burger craving, if you ever have a Shwarma pita roll craving - this is the place to go. In the heart of campus, tiny, quick and super tasty!
Quick, Cheap and Tasty! What else do you need?

East Side has great food without the wait. The long can seem long, but it goes quickly. 

The falafel is delicious, either in a wrap or by itself. The Chicken Caesar pocket is out of this world! One of the best I have ever had!
I've only gone to this place twice so far, but every time I've gone I've always been pretty happy with the taste and price of the Falafel Pocket. The pockets all come with a choice of any/all of the following: hot sauce, hummus, lettuce, tomato, hot peppers, onions, pickles, tabouleh, tahina, yogurt cucumber sauce. I always get it with everything in it, just because if that's what's offered, it's probably best to include them all.

A friend of mine ordered a bowl of soup here once...let's just say: stick with the mediterranean dishes.

Although, the falafels used here are pretty tasty, they are definitely incomparable to the falafels I grew up with in San Francisco. But this place is fairly decent for Providence.
When I've been to eat, the food has been tasty and reasonably priced, and the service has been all right (maybe that degrades when it gets crowded?).

Extra star for the Downstairs, which is an awesome venue for shows.  Even the drink prices are reasonable.
Great quality food, what else can I say that others haven't.

The shwarma plate is really filling but also kinda pricey.

The chicken which they are known for is really the thing to get here!  I love the sauces they include, dang garlic and hummus never get old.

If it wasn't for the fact I'd have to drive 15 minutes to get here I'd probably get takeout from here more.
I commend them for their generous portions: enough basmati rice to sustain a starving family, enough meat for two adults, and a small salad to freshen up one's palate.  

Beyond their large serving size, their food was okay.

I ordered the Koobideh Combination ($12.95 + tax).  It comes with 2 skewers of charbroiled seasoned ground beef and ground chicken, served with a whole grilled tomato, chili, basmati rice and a choice of soup or a garden salad.  

Both the chicken and beef koobideh were drier than I'd like, lacking in flavor, not as savory, and the pita bread was dry.  But in case I want a lot of food, this place fits the bill.
Yeoow! nice work guys... by the way, the place is just chock full o' guys of various types.  Grunting, smelling, yeah-ing, thinking, etc. The wimmins be scared it seems but they shan't be as its nice afterall. If a bit gritty. 

The food is fresh..thats' the most important thing in a low margin place like this.  The hummus and baba are very very good... I autta know Ive made 'em from scratch a few times in my day.   Actually, the weakest link.........is the falafel..what?! - hey is this a trick review?!  .... yeah sorry but its bland and somewhat mealy.  Ive had way worse but at a Palace, wherein falafel is presumably the centerpiece of the altar, it should self-levitate and gently turn in coordination with planetary movements, or, maybe just have a bit o' crisp to it.  Everything else is great.  Some of the best tabouli around, cucke salad done with aplomb and a bit of lemon and mint.  (Where do they BUY that aplomb?)  Fresh bread, great small pastry deserts, and good prices.  What else can you say except don't navigate your next galactic GPS program using their falafel.  You may end up in Onion Square.

Maybe the fifth star would be earned by some floor to ceiling cleanup a bit more often.  But then it might help in this age of H1N43 or whatever it is we're terrified of this year.
I went here after reading the great reviews. I've never done hookah (or weed or cigarretes) before and my date and i  thought it would be fun. We had a fun time and around 1 am the place started to empty out. We were sitting next to the drafty stairs and moved our seats.

 Like any bar we thought that would be ok. When our waitress came over we asked (to make sure) that it was ok and before she could answer a hostess came over literally screaming at me and told me how where I was sitting was for bigger parties (ie more money) and I said we were cold where we were, she then ripped the drum I was holding and playing with from me and humiliated me in front of my date while she continued to yell at me.

My waitress was VERY sympathetic and understood when I asked for the check. I confronted the hostess after and told her she didnt have to treat us like dirt and that she ruined a great night I was having. She was remorseless....so we decided to go to the owner to complain....

Her only concern was that we moved without asking. Again place was 60% empty by then and it was our first time. Does that excuse the behavior? Apparently, the owner made no amends, didnt apologize at all, didnt offer anything, didnt seem to care about anything other than the fact that we moved. I explained AGAIN that it was our first time and we arent trouble makers. She didnt care.

I am under no illusions that if you like hookah and like going out to drink that you will avoid this place because of my review, but I think the true character of this place should be revealed. No one should be harassed like this and management should NOT allow or condone it. 

Again started out as a great fun night and 
I left there literally in tears. Management saw me in tears and couldnt have cared less.
June 07 update: Since my first review, I've returned twice. They lack consistency... and there's something really messy and off-putting about the environment and the food presentation. Then again, who ever commended a cheap diner on their plating skills? (Downgraded to 4 stars)

Ridiculously tasty food in huge portions at a chip price. People, are we reviewing the same place here?!? It wasn't dirty at all; the service delivery/turnaround time was normal. And the hostess was lovely.

I had the veggie omlette, which had a fantastic mix of vegetables in it--your usual spinach, zucchini, mushrooms, red peppers, but also carrots and tiny baby brussels sprouts! The homemade strawberry jam is reason enough to pop in for toast and coffee. Nothing was greasy... I guess they've turned themselves around in recent years?

 My friends ordered pancakes, falafel wraps and soups, meatier breakfasts as well. We all had a wonderful experience and loved it.
The Middle East is a mainstay for local musicians.  This is one of the rock clubs I visit anytime I'm back in Boston.  I almost always run into other musicians I know from when I lived in the area and was seeing  live bands several times a week.  For me, it's both a good way to catch up with friends and see other good local bands.

The Upstairs venue (entrance through the back of the restaurant, left entrance off Mass. Ave) is a nice small space to hear bands.  Upstairs capacity is about 100 people.

The Downstairs venue (entrance through the back of Corner entrance off Mass. Ave) is larger and where national acts are more likely to appear.  Downstairs capacity is approximately 600 people.

The Corner restaurant also has music, often of a more acoustic flair.

Until the entries get merged, there are also reviews at: http://www.yelp.com/biz/V84DVPrI_AuPnHDQdqBotQ
After a summer full of delicious shawarma wraps every week, I felt like I needed to find a place in Pittsburgh to help me with my cravings.

I got a lamb shawarma wrap.  And I also devoured it in less than 5 minutes.  I like my shawarma wraps to be of the spicy variety, but it was definitely tasty at Taza 21.

Vegetarian wraps go for 6 bucks while non-vegetarian ones are 7.  They also have salads and what not, but I doubt I'd get a salad when their wraps are so tasty.

My buddy said their kibbee wrap was pretty good too.  I'll have to try it out next time.  I also want to hit up their hummus.  Good hummus is so hard to find.
This place is good, no extra. Honestly, I dont like the food here, the salty rice and salty meat makes me not quite comfortable. However, witnessing some exotic is interesting. The star they lost is just because my personal taste. Be prompt for at least 25 mins waiting time.
It's simple when you think about it.  Target your audience, pick the right location, serve food that stays fairly authentic to the ethnicity, price it right. 

For a restaurant in the heart of university city, that's exactly what Hummus does. No flashy frills, a decor that's super casual and almost 'take out', generous quantities for a menu that stays under $10 for the most part. 

We were a group of 8 - with vegeterians, white meaters, and omnivores. The food arrived super quick and the staff was super friendly. The portions were large (more meat than lettuce!) and sure enough, quickly decimated. If you remember the raptor feeding scene from Jurassic Park, you know what I'm talking about.

I don't see myself driving back to university city just to get to Hummus. But if I'm in the area, I would easily be a regular.
I found this establisment thru Yelp while in Ann Arbor on business. I should preface the review with a note that I travel regularly with my work and avoid chain dining always whenever the decision making is in my court. Jerusalem Garden goes in the bookmark as a great discovery!  Why?  Authenticity in the menu and food preparation, multiple seating options (counter, outdoor patio, standard in-door/wait staff, take-out), friendly staff, more than acceptable order to served time and lastly, a cool laid back college crowd atmosphere. What did I eat from the menu?  Jerusalem burger (ground beef seasoned with onions, parsley, and spices baked in grape leaves, wrapped in hummus and a large pita bread) + a wonderfully prepared fattoush salad + water. Bill? Slightly under $10 without tip and worth every penny. DO GO if you are in A2 and craving a taste of Mediterranean cuisine.............and no need to dress up.
This place has delicious food. The staff is awesome. The location is annoying, but living in Austin you come to realize that there are two spots where most things are located: The Drag and North Lamar. Oh well. 

The worst thing about this place is that I order a Gyro and I get less and less meat every time. OK, so maybe I've put on a pound or ten in the past few months, but when I order a gyro, I mean a GYRO, not a pita with four (yeah FOUR) slices of meat and at least 10 oz of sauce. OK, maybe I'm exaggerating about the sauce, but literally four slices of meat for what they charge is highway robbery. I'm used to the Chicago style $3.95 gyro stuffed so full that you'll need and extra pita and you'll still have left overs. Bummer.

My boyfriend gets vegetarian options and they seem plentiful and yummy, but honestly, sometimes I need like 15 slices of lamb to satisfy my cravings.
The food is incredible. The staff is very friendly, and I am a big fan of the gyro wrap. This is our favorite take-out in Providence, and the photos of beautiful Syria on the walls show what gives this establishment a bit of "soul."
One of the best places I have found in all of LA.  This is just one of those rare finds where the food is amazing and the service is mind blowing.  They literally give you your food in less than a minute.  I started going here for lunches about 4 years ago and I never will get tired of it, it is just that good.   I have not found better hummus ever, I don't know if they make it themselves or what but it is so good.  Oh man I want to go there now, unfortunately it is midnight.
Clean, friendly, fresh, and they support Columbia University Athletics. This place is great and if you need a boost try the coffee.
So I went back yesterday and while I still think it's a great deal and good food, there were some inconsistencies with the salad bar.  In a normal restaurant, this wouldn't be a big deal but considering how at bella pita it dictates 50-75% of your pita depending upon how greedy or skilled you are, this had to impact the rating.  The romaine lettuce wasn't fresh and the tomato chunks were just too big this time.

Additionally, and trust me guys, I have seen some disgusting shit go down around LA but this was the nastiest thing ever.  Some old fat persian guy in a suit who I guess runs the little random market next door came in with a hunk of bread he'd split in half and told the guy behind the cashier to put in through the toaster belt.  Then he took the footlong bread and filled it TO THE BRIM with stuff from the salad bar.  Then he left. WITHOUT PAYING.  Honestly, it wouldn't bother me that much except for the fact that the place specifically has a lamination above the bar which says that we can only use the bar once so they can keep the prices down....but this jerk didn't even pay!  Without going into the details of how gross he looking eating the monstrous thing, I think this is super unfair.  The sign makes me think that I'm paying for that mooch/moron's lunch everyday....which means I would much rather go somewhere else...

Call me terrible, but he's in a suit, in his own d*mn store! Why can't he just eat his own merchandise and charge his clientele??
This place is pretty cool. The hookahs are inexpensive if you're going with friends, and I love the cherry flavor. The staff won't rush you and it's a good place to relax.

The guy who owns this place is opening a second location next to OPA on Atwells ave, so be excited. He bought the whole building, so I'm guessing he's going to kick out the tenants above and do the same thing he's doing at this location. I know all this because I am the old tenant that was right above and moved once I found out a hoookah lounge was being built underneath (and the constant hammering by the workaholics building the place at 1am sometimes was a little much). No offense, but I do like to sleep and not have my apt. smell like ethnic food. And a little security with keeping an apartment is cool too. So yeah, Hookah bar coming to Federal Hill, you heard it here.
My wife and I first met here in Jan. 1996. It was a snowy blustery evening and we headed upstairs to have some hot drinks. Something must have clicked because she let me drive her home. Our second date ended up in Harvard Sq too and since then Algiers has always held a special place in our hearts. We would go back at least twice a year and around the anniversary of our first meeting. We always order the same thing too. She: a grilled rolled pita sandwich with brie, Me: grilled sandwich with chicken kebab and havarti. These never disappoint and come with a tasty side salad which has a homemade dressing. The dressing is never the same but more or less similer and like the grilled sandwiches always delicious. It's good to wash it down with an almond syrup soda or an iced chocolate. 

That being said, the food there is often hit or miss. If you don't like one item try something else till you find something that you do. I've been to the middle east and I can tell you the hummos is not very good. Also don't go there if you are in a hurray as the service can be slow. The decor and atmosphere is great. The bathroom graffitti always entertaining. Since you're sitting in close proximity to everyone else, you will often overhear interesting conversations. 

Funny story, once my wife was waiting for me at a table and a guy came up to her and asked "Are you, K?" (K being her name). She said yes but not the one youre looking for! We often noted year after year that Algiers is great for a first time meeting and for casual dates.

Sad to say but of course we couldn't leave the area without a visit to Algiers and so before we left MA in late 2005 we made one last visit.
Wow, some of these reviews are just plain pretentious.  

"The mozzarella on the pesto sandwich is pressed, not fresh." Don't worry, I fixed your spelling of the word mozzarella BTW.  I hate to tell you but more than half of the places you probably frequent will have pressed (sliced) mozzarella, not fresh.  Get over it-- go to Whole Foods and get yourself some fresh mozzarella.

It is locally owned by a family, I'd prefer giving my money to them over the corporate and franchise places.  Give them a break about the chairs/furniture.  Our economy sucks, and you want them to go out and buy new furniture for their whole place?  Yea.. sure.  Especially considering the fact that they make hardly any money-- c'mon, everyone goes there to study and they buy a $2 coffee and sit in their cafe for hours.  How are they making money off that?

So back to my review:

They have hookahs.
There is smoking upstairs.
Their coffee and tea is decent.
Where else can you get crepes in Ann Arbor at 2am?
Free wi-fi.
Outdoor seating.

Yes, the chairs and tables are run down.  Yes, the place seems a little dirty.  But if you are going there for the free wi-fi and caffeine and need to stay til 3am, well, you won't care that their garbage needs to be emptied.
La Pita, who has three operations outside of Ann Arbor is one of many new Mediterranean joints opening up in Ann Arbor.  They are in the Beyond Juice location... after they opened up, I waited few days just to ensure they worked out their operational issues and was looking forward to giving the place a try.  

I ordered the Beef Kabob Plate with small salad and a fountain drink.  Total price was like $12.xx... the plates are the most expensive.  I paid and waited for my order.  This place is a self serve, once you order your food, you wait for them to prepare your food and they will call your number.  I think it took about five minutes to get my food.

When I got my food, instead of Beef Kabob plate, I got the Kafta Kabob Plate order... I told them I had ordered the beef and the cashier came up and said, oh that's what I you wanted? I punched in the wrong order... the manager asked if I wanted beef and I said, no I'll take the lamb and he told me to bring it back up if it wasn't good. 

If you like a quick boxed up lunch then this place is to be... the plate I got had rice with two lamb over it with picked vegetables and this sauce I was not able to tell what it was... it was very watery.  The rice was overcooked, which was the first thing I noticed... the food went cold quickly... so I'm not sure if it was kept in a warmer or not, but yeah, the food got cold quickly...   You get two pitta bread with the order and a hommous.

Overall, on my first visit, the place was okay, not a place I would go back because of the food... but since this is their first opening, I understand that it will take some time to get things worked out, however they own three other stores outside of Ann Arbor so I gotta wonder if the rice served in Ann Arbor store is the same at the other locations.

I don't think I'll be back again, unless someone can convenience me otherwise... but I'll wish them the best as they work towards efficiency.
We have had take out from here at least 10 times in the last few years.

It used to be awesome but lately, it seems the chicken ishkandar is always over cooked and the portions are smaller. 

They have even started cheaping out on the rice. Where's the rice? Rice is cheap guys! Heap it in the aluminum container like you used to do. 

And that sour purple shedded cabbage stuff is nasty. Does enyone even eat that stuff?
nothing better than a midnight snack of fresh baked pita bread with all the fixings you can pile on. hits the spot.
I visited Algiers for the first time for a late night dinner at the beginning of my freshman year of college.  Since then it's been my default place to bring visitors when we're in Harvard Square, because it's one of the least commercial spots near the shops.

I really love Middle Eastern food, and Algiers has great food.  I've had lunch and dinner there, and it's all been delicious and authentic.  I haven't eaten anything bad here yet.  It's perfect for any occasion:  lunch, dinner, appetizers, and coffee.  The atmosphere is like being transported out of Cambridge to Morocco, but in an authentic way, but a corny way.  

Also, I always order the tea.  It's real tea, no messing around with tea bags, and they have a good variety. Of course, have also HAVE to get hummus.

Complaints:  I've had some meh specialty coffee drinks here, sometimes it's a little pricier than necessary, it's always crowded, the service isn't great.

It's still one of my favorite restaurants in Harvard Square.
Pretty bad.  

Bad atmosphere out of a Egyptian souvenir stand next to a cheap carpet dealer and hookah dealership.

Bad service who seem to be pissed off that you have come here to spend money and eat food.

But most importantly, bad food.  If you can manage to make lamb in sauce taste bad, you've really accomplished something.

There was a Rush Hour Chris Tucker impression when my friend asked where the rest of his order was.  In engrish.  "Do you be understanding the words that coming out of my mouth? LOLZ"

Hey.  How about you stfu.  Enjoy your bad Ave attitudes and worse food.
I'm willing to put money down on this statement: Mediterranean Cafe is the best mediterranean cafe that exists in Pasadena. There is no better. The dining area is tiny, but the food is absolutely fantastic! There is nothing I've ever had here that is bad. Nothing! Literally, everything is amazing. Even the register guy is cool!
The only thing I could possibly complain about, and it's not really even a complaint, just me being winey, is the time at which they close. More often than not, I wish I could just swing by at 8 or 9pm and pick up my favorite lamb kabob plate, but alas, they've closed, which sucks for us nocturnal people.
Aside from that, go during the day, eat some phenomenal mediterranean food, relax, and have the best day ever.
There are no words.
I've been going here for years and they have the most amazing food. It's always really fresh, and the sandwiches are enormous. I have tried  most things on the menu and never been disappointed. The vegetarian sandwiches are my favorite(s) w hummus, tabouli, grape leaves, veggies etc. The service is really friendly.
With UT in session, students sick of the same ol' dorm and Union food overwhelm Kismet.  So, if you're in a hurry, don't go to Kismet Cafe for lunch during the week.  Even during its busiest hours, Kismet seems to have about 3-4 people on staff.  

On the particular weekday that I visited Kismet, I waited thirty minutes in line before my Chicken Gyro (schwarma) appeared at the counter.  During this time, I watched as the cashier handled money and food and sweat shone on a cook's forehead as he sliced meat from that rotating meat thing.  (Is there a name for it?)

I want to be bitter about the wait and the lack of sanitary measures, but damn, I woofed down that Gyro in all of it's sliced meat, pita, lettuce, and garlic glory. 

I guess it comes down to one question:  Was it good?  Or, was I starving?  

I think Kismet was a bit of both.
Oh la, because I do love some Nancy C., I decided to take her recommendation and try Samir's.  And, my, I do think it was the best falafal I've had since I've gotten since I came to Seattle.

I had the falafal sandwich - wrapped in a thin bread, with tomato, parsley, and some delicious tahini sauce.  My dining companion had some sort of lamb dish with rice - he said it was tasty, but complained of the grease.  We went right before they closed, so maybe he got the dredges.  I have no complaints though.  Service was great, and I like the goofy mural on the wall.  New fun place to eat in the U-District!
Somehow ended up here after the yelp elite karoke event, drunk off my ass.  Got a cheap, vegan, delicious falafel made pronto.  It had pickles on it too which was odd but zesty.  

They are open til 3am!  No one is open til 3am!  Brilliant!  

Boston seems to be into falafel like Sacramento is into burritos.  I like both, I'm happy either way (but I haven't had a good burrito in ages....)
This is by far the best food ever!!! I drive out to pasedena from the valley during rush hour just to get it every week. 

 I order the Beef Kabob Plate. The Salad is so crisp and has a delicious light dressing on it. The Hummus is by far the best I've ever tasted and the Beef Kabob is so moist and delectable that you feel like your eating filet minon. The rice is yummy and has little noodles in it.  The price at around 8 buck is totally worth the great food you get. 

The owner is very nice and professional. the workers are great and the soda is always perfectly carbonated. 

Try it out and you will be going back for more.
Delicious chicken shawarma, sumptuous falafels and very decent baklavas. Falafel Corner is a great place for a lunch or dinner bite at a very low price. Their food is better than some of the other middle eastern restaurants in Allston and Brookline. Very highly recommended!
I gave it four stars just on what it should have been per my memory. I always have a good meal here, well, up until last night. Are they using cheaper chickens? I got the dark meat quarter chicken dinner for $6.45, I was disappointed. All gristle!!! Hardly any meat. The beets that they give you on the side were tired. The pita bread wasn't fresh, the saving part was the egg plant and humus. You know I might change this to a 3 star upon review, I mean it was busy so they probably didn't have time to clean the tables. Has success gone to their heads. Hmmm. Yes I'll be back for an update
So, after 5 years of walking by this place, today, I decided to walk in. I was desperately hungry, on the verge of fainting or chewing someone's arm off (I don't usually have cannibalistic tendencies, I swear!). I ordered the Falafel Plate (didn't even see the sandwiches because of my hunger), and then the guy behind the counter asked, "Anything else?" like he KNEW I had been eyeing the baklava! So of course I had to order it. I'm not actually sure how the Falafel Plate tasted because I inhaled it. But the baklava, I'm telling  you, is good. GOOD. REALLY GOOD. I even saved some for later because it was so good. And at two bucks a pop (ok, fine 1.75), I think they're a deal. So flaky, gooey, mmm... I'll try the shwarma next time, but I think we have a winner here!
my oh my, do I love me some Zankou #11. Once a week for two years. Hello, I don't commit like this, you got me!! Even if you are rude to me every time I visit you, I still love all of you ugly bitches!
The falafel is terrific, and the price is perfect!
This place is epic. Fastest service. Probably one of the busiest lunch places in Old Town Pasadena, given its size. It's pretty cheap (below $10) for the meals, and every meal selection comes with everything you can possibly want in Mediterranean food. The only drawback here would be the dine-in option and the lack of seating that ensues. Can't fault the place for being so popular.

-=-Beef Kabob-=- This is practically the only thing that I get here. I've heard the chicken and shawerma were good, but why mess with those when I've already settled for my favorite. The beef...it's juicy and never dry. Your beef kabob plate comes with 2 skewers of all the meat you'll need, rice, salad, hummus, pita bread and epic garlic and hot sauces.....Emphasis on the "Epic Garlic". Eating here for my first time made me realize I was not a vampire in this, or previous, lifetimes. It's just so garlicky good. Good enough to disperse conference rooms and turn away prospective clients. Just do it, and overdo it....it's worthhhhhh it! I'll be back again to ruin yet another meeting.
My husband and I can eat here at least once a week. It's that good! We always get the chicken kabob plate which consists for two sticks of chicken kebobs, greek salad, hummus with a pita bread and a garlic butter and a hot spicy sauce that I am completely addicted to. All for $8-9. Pretty tasty meal for less than 10 bucks! Remember it's closed on Sundays.
You know it's good when a place is absolutely packed with a line wrapping around the tables. I came here for lunch twice and both times, I was not disappointed.

I had the chicken shawarma the first time and the beef the second time. Both times, I was not disappointed. The meat is literally roasting in front of me as I ordered and it was nice to see them cut my portion. Lots of choices as to what I could get inside of the shawarma. And they came with a side of fries in a little take out box, but I couldn't finish the fries. Not after the large portion of shawarma.

I definitely recommend this to anyone in the neighborhood!

Service: 4/5
Cleanliness: 3/5
Food (appearance, portion, taste): 4/5
Overall: 4/5
Very casual and quick place to grab some lunch or dinner right next to UCSD in Holiday Court.  The man who runs the place is really nice and very helpful.  My roommate and I grabbed the kabob plates, I got chicken and she got the house one.  My chicken was really tender and well seasoned.  Lots of flavor too.  The plate included the kabob, yummy basmati rice, roasted tomatoes, and a light salad.  It wasn't a huge plate but neither of us could finish our plates.  I tried my roommate's house kabob which looked like a giant sausage.  Despite the ground meat sausage kabob that would usually turn me off, it was still really good.  They also sell some mediterranean style desserts like baklava, yogurt drinks, snacks.  It's a weird little setup with half of the store being a restaurant/cafe and the other half a shop but it's really good. 

UCSD students also get some coupons for this place from the student dollar stretcher but every time I've been there, I've never seen any students there which is surprising.
pros:  great indian food, great chai.

cons:  the hover factor can get really annoying, especially if you are on a date.  NO I DON'T NEED MORE WATER.

prices are reasonable, although the wait can be long on nice days
Falafel craving is really an issue living in JP. There aren't any good locations to get solid shwarma or falafel that I know about...and am constantly hearing DH come home and tell me about Falafel Palace in Central Square. Well, I don't work in Central Square...but I have passed Falafel Corner several times on my way back from Harvard's Kennedy School. 

For $4.55 I got the Falafel pita, which is a generously sized pita stuffed with 2-3 falafel (I ate it so quickly I didn't keep track...), lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and the essential tahini sauce. Everything seemed perfectly fresh, except the pita was a little hard (aka stale?) for my taste. It kept breaking as I bit into the pita. 

I didn't mind the mess too much, but will give it 3 stars until I try it again to see whether the pita issue was a fluke (seems like it wasn't given the other reviews...). If I need to get a Falafel on the cheap the Corner will certainly satisfy my cravings. 

oh...and...
CASH ONLY!!
I finally made it to this coffee shop in Harvard Square. From the outside, it does not look like a hole in the wall. It reminds me of new construction in the 'burbs back in Texas. However, you walk inside and there's the cramped, cozy feel of an old Boston-area shop. It's two floors, tiny tables, and chairs everywhere. There's a rooftop patio, but it was way too cold in the winter to sit there. 

Great place to bring a book to read and enjoy the mint coffee or meet a few friends - not a large group - for a meal. The hummus was really good and I'm pretty picky. Algiers's hummus is not bland, boring, or flavored with anything other than plain hummus, but it was very delicious. We needed more pita to finish every bit. My lamb kebab sandwich was even better - I don't know if I've ever had a kebab cooked this perfectly. 

Service was a little slow, almost European in style, but attentive enough. You just have to be ready to slow down and enjoy the time. Prices are moderate and the little dishes/drinks add up quickly. There's a small bar, I think there's a short wine/beer list.
BACHANG! This place is the bizomb. I became enamored with falafel, oh, but a short time ago, maybe two years. I was just a young know-it-all punk with a bad attitude on a road to nowhere. And then I discovered Aladdin's. 
I was immediatley inspired to enroll in the local community college, where I excelled in biochemical engineering. While there, I developed a type of air freshener that emitted an intense bubblegum, candy-like scent. Unfortunately, my formula was hijacked by my lab partner, Sakiko, and he went on to make millions on the Japanese market. 
But that's besides the point. I don't need the money because Aladdin's is cheap! I fed my girly and myself for $13 plus tip. We drank water, discussed the current condition of the Avenue (grimy, as always) and delighted in the Eastern flavors so perfectly honed in this tiny, tucked away gem of a restaurant. 
The service was t-riff, as usual, and it's a joy to watch them cook your food. Side note: last time I was there one of the cooks sneezed, then immediately walked to the visible sink where he washed his hands thoroughly before returning to the stove. Very very good.
This is easily the best falafel joint in town (I've eaten at many) and their gyros are no joke either. In fact, I love their gyros. Have their delicious basmati rice as a side or the fries, which are seasoned perfectly. 
This is the kind of place tourists wish they could find. 
In short, that guy Sakiko is a total jerk.
I just came back and the new monthly special is the steak pita and fries for 6.45. The steak pita was basically a fresh pita split in half filled with carne asada, yes carne asada at a pita joint. The carne asada was grilled to order and had a good marinade, a little tangy and salty. The pita was filled about half way and I proceed to stuff tomatos, cucumbers, onions, lettuce, cabbage, pepperocini, tahini, hot sauce and just a little hummus. I am sad that the fried cauliflower is now a side dish, but oh well... The fries were also really good. The fries are also fried to order, so I watch the guy measure out the fresh cut fries and fry them. The fries are thick cut fries and cooked just right, crispy on the outside while still fluffy inside. Ask them for a container for sauce, half tahini and hot sauce, a perfect dip mmm... Oh and they sell coke from mexico in the glass bottles. When you order the monthly combo, any drink is only a dollar extra so any bottled drink out front is just a buck. I love real cane sugar coke.
I have now eaten here three times, and each time has been really tasty.  The last two visits I ordered the Lamb Roast Pita which was super delicious, and comes with pita chips.  I do wish it came with some hummus as well because their hummus is very good.  However, the wrap is a good size and it definitely let me full. 
Also, their spicy fires are suuuupper good. A little pricey for lunch (about $10 for a wrap and drink) but, they have lunch specials that are usually a really great deal.
Gotta love Zankou Chicken. This family owned chain has been around for as long as I can remember and the quality has not changed. Although the food is a bit on the greasy side, I love everything here. The kebabs are juicy and flavorful, as is the chicken. Try it with the garlic spread. As us Middle Easterns know, garlic makes everything better. The falafel is pretty good but sometimes it's too crispy and dry for me. Personally, my favorite thing on the menu here is the shawerma. Slow roasted and tender, it's served with hummus, tomatoes, onions and tahini sauce. Cheap, fast and easy. Thank you Zankou.
First person to use the word inauthentic gets slapped. This is a kebab and falafel place. You can never say you were surprised by the falafel, because within seconds of entering, one of the guys behind the counter is pushing a sample at you like his life depends on it. Take it. It's good.

They have the line management skills of gods, here, so you generally have a pita-wrapped monstrosity in your hands ASAP. The baklava is pretty decent, as well. It's damn cheap for what you get, and it's quick and yummy.
So-so sums up my feelings about Zankou. 

My stomach's been a lot more sensitive lately. I've  been spending a lot more time on the can and I've grown nauseous from overeating more often, which was never the case before. As long as there was food in front of me, I'd happily eat it! Not so much anymore... When I came by for lunch today, I got that nauseous feeling halfway through my meal. While I did try to finish as much as I could, I couldn't bring myself to finish the falafel and pickled vegetables. Man, I hate wasting food. 

The shish kebab was my favorite part of the plate. Moist, thick, tender and oh so good. I've only had better beef at more expensive Mediterranean restaurants. 

I had lule once before from someplace else and I was pretty meh about it. I tried it again here and felt the same way. It was dry and kind of bland, with a very subtle hint of seasoning. Not coming back for this one. 

What is a burnt tomato doing in my meal? There's a difference between grilled and burnt, people, and the skin of the tomato was pretty much all black. I peeled it off and the tomato was still pretty blech. Too mushy for me. 

The rice was beautiful on the outside and in my insides. Lots of onions and herbs. The rice itself didn't have a ton of flavor, but it was pleasantly warm and soft. 

Where was the garlic spread I've heard so much about? I'm sure I would have loved it, but I guess I'll have to ask for it next time, since they seem to often 'forget' about it. 

The hummus and pita that came with the plate were good. The pita was fairly thick and warm, and the hummus was sprinkled with paprika and drizzled with oil. Yum. 

Tried their pickled vegetables and I didn't like it. Too sour. I'm used to sweeter pickled vegetables like carrot and daikon. 

I couldn't finish the falafel due to my nausea. It was my first time trying falafel. The hummus the falafel was dipped in was WAY too sour, nothing at all like the hummus that came with the plate. I liked the texture of the falafel, which was like a mix between cornbread and meatballs, but it didn't suit my palate. Sorta tasted like burnt meat and it made my stomach tingly. At only $1.35, I'd be willing to give it a try again. A bad stomach may have clouded my judgment. 

The manager came around to check up on all of the customers, which was nice. I wasn't expecting that kind of concern, since the restaurant is mostly self-service. 

When it comes down to it, it's the prices that are holding me back from coming here more often. At $11 per plate, I'm paying more than I would at Mediterranean Cafe, with a slight difference in quality and a noticeably longer wait time for food. I'll be coming back here occasionally for quick lunches, but only because the walk from campus to Zankou is shorter than the walk to Mediterranean Cafe.
Fav place to hang out. The koobideh is superb! Umm cherry rice! The waitresses friendly.  I've been there enough they recognize me now. Very good kabobs! The salmon kabob was excellent!
Woooooo! 5 stars for me everytime!

After going to the mall with my mom, we decided to stop by here for dinner. I ordered the food to go. This time I got the chicken kebab plate, side of rice & salad, and extra pita bread. The service was really quick. "Ba da bing..ba da boom". The food was perfect and delicious. I absolutely love their hommus and pita bread. MMmmm MMMMm. No matter if you get mediterranean food here for lunch or dinner, you'll be in and out of there within minutes. 

Ba da bing ba da boom.
Second best Falafel in berkeley, first priz goes to Dyar, about 2 blocks away. Still, I go to Sunrise fairly often, which goes to show how good it is, even when I am faced with the better falafel nearby, I still come here because it is quite excellent. Cafe Sophia has great falafel too, but it is in Albany, several miles away.
Oh so delicious!! I go to Bella all the time. They have yet to disappoint me and always satisfy my cravings for... not dorm style crap food at a cheap price. I've had the falafel and the lamb so far. Both are excellent. 

Also, their fries, fried cauliflower and salad are all great side choices. I really love picking up a salad here because I get my pickled turnip and kalamata olive fix (extra $.75) plus delicious herb dressing. 

Other than that I do have to say that unless you order a salad they usually don't give you a little plastic cup for filling with dips/dressings BUT they do have them!! This becomes a problem when you decide it's just a little to small of a building to enjoy your meal in. If you want one, they have them so just ask and then you can take your hummus/tahini/yogurt sauce/spicy sauce to go without getting it all over the bag by the time you find a place to eat.
This place has amazing gyros!!! *****!!!  
Get the special with fries and a gyro for $5 something... it's such a good deal!  It might only be available for lunch though.

Also, their hummus is the bomb. love that Greek.
Since finally coming to terms with my addiction to hummus and shwarma, it seemed natural to hit this spot up after yoga at Dhyana down the block. The food was pretty good, a tad overpriced considering that the falafel truck is right down on 40th and Locust...

The service was ssssllllooooowwwww.........as in super slo motion. It was like watching a replay in a football game, or perhaps a recurring deja vu? But it was agonizing to experience.  If it weren't for this, the place could possibly be a 4 star...but if I'm going to wait for something, it better rock my world...

And this spot did not....
It's a Sunday morning.  You're hung over and you spent all your money on drinks and cabfare last night.  You're a Central Square dweller and you realize you have two choices: Grab a greasy burger at Wendy's to soothe your headache and woozy-ness, or head over to Brookline Lunch for an equally cheap and greasy meal, but with the option of sitting down and getting waiter service. 

Well, if you pick Brookline Lunch - you've made the right decision.  This place is dirty and cramped, no doubt about that.  But the food is good! And it's cheap as hell!  If you don't mind a little bit of a wait, then definitely head over here for a hearty breakfast that won't cost you more than $5 - and that's usually including tip!  

Note:  I would stick to breakfast foods and only breakfast foods at Brookline Lunch - who trusts six dollar lamb anyway?
The food here is delicious!!
the portions are pretty large and the plate is full when it gets to you!!
For the price, I believe its worth it. 

I am a big fan of Shawarma and so I got the Shawarma plate. You get to choose 2 side dishes...and there are plenty to choose from so you will find something that fits your tastebuds! This plate also includes their yogurt sauce, pita bread and their own sweet potato chips. 

The workers were nice too. I asked for more of the yogurt sauce, and they gladly gave it to me. One of them also gave me a falafel to try since i've never had it. It was actually delicious too. 

If youre craving some good mediterranean food, try this place out.
I cannot tell a lie: I just had a great lunch at this place. I don't care what the other reviewers here say, I though the food at Wrapro was excellent. I had the combo veg platter with a side of pilaf and I absolutely loved every last bit - I was mopping up the plate with my pita. The hummus especially deserves a mention, since it's a bit creamier than I'm used to, which in my opinion makes it better. The plate also contained a salad, tabouleh, grape leaves, and a piece of falafel, all of which were delicious.

And I just couldn't pass up having a piece of the baklava (or baklawa, as the sign on the counter says) before I left. It was a little honeyed piece of heaven. I'm sorry if others are having bad dining experiences here, but this could very well be my new current fav for Middle Eastern.
The Middle East is awesome in that it has four different parts to it - upstairs, Zu Zu, the corner, and downstairs.  I believe ZuZu and the Corner serve as both a restuarant and a place to see live music.  I've only been upstairs, which is a small and very intimate venue to see a live show.  There is always a really good variety of live music playing here.
Um 3:00am drunken falafel binge? Yes, please! But hold the pickles.
The Middle East has great intimate shows. You can see smaller bands at upstairs or more established bands downstairs. Its best to get there early for a decent view and bring ear plugs but this is the sort of venue that makes concerts worth while. Drinks upstairs are a decent price and food seems decent if not my normal preferred food. 
Miss bands here and regret it.
Wow amazingly fast service. I got my food before my credit card went through. It was good I like the garlic spread however I thought the meat was a little dry. It was flavorful though (kefta kabob). The salad fresh. Hummus, yes it's pretty good b
This place is great--I love the food and the family that runs it.  I probably end up going here 2-3 times a month for brunch.  Most of the breakfast items come with a giant pile of mixed vegetables on the side.  The homemade hot sauce is incredible.
Yum! Whenever I'm looking for something other than gyros, or burritos, or yucky dining hall food, I find refuge at Hummus. Pretty much everything on their menu is delicious. My favorites include their falafel sandwich, which is ridiculously filling, a joyful mixture of textures, and only $6!

They cater lots of events at Penn, so I've been able to try just about everything on their menu. Their chicken schawarma is juicy and very tasty. And their hummus is unbelievably creamy and hearty, the best qualities to a well made hummus. Hummus salad is one of my favorites.

Only cons are that some of the dishes, for example their salads, while delicious, are a little overpriced. Mind's well go to sweetgreen for their prices. Also, it takes FOREVER if you come at the wrong time. I've waited 20 minutes for a falafel sandwich at times. If you're looking for something spicy and unique, give this place a try!

Pros: delicious!, lots of variety
Cons: price, long wait time

Dishes to try: Falafel Sandwich, Chicken Schawarma, Hummus Salad
Dishes to skip: Cuban cigars
Falafel Palace used to be a go-to for late night grub.  Now with new management and its reopening, it is disgusting.   My shawarma was cold, had mayo on it, drippy, bad flavor.  I'm really upset.
I love this place. I had their chicken shawarma wrap, tabbouleh, hummus. THE BEST shawarma ever, although I wish it was bigger lol

Shawarma....AMAZING, and even more amazing with some of their garlic spread in there.

Hummus...pretty good. I like garlicky hummus, so I mix in some of that spread in there. So good.

Tabbouleh....fresh and delicious.

I wish it was cheaper! But it's all worth it. Place is always packed for a reason. I wish their business hours were better too...they close at 7pm :(. Closed on weekends or just sunday.
Yay! This place is yummy and so close to campus.  The falafel is particularly good, really light and fluffy inside and crispy outside.  Try the hot sauce too. It's a crushed red pepper base and very good. 

It's small on the inside, so plan on "to go" if you're with a group.
The guy running this place was really nice--so much so, we decided to try this place even though we were originally headed to Kismet Cafe next door. 

I don't know how the two fare--both having Mediterranean food next door to each other. The Italian Longhorn (despite having been open about a year) was pretty dead at lunchtime compared to the neighbors. I haven't had Kismet in so long though, I can't compare on quality. 

I got a lunch schwarma wrap combo, which was edible enough and a good deal. Nothing too memorable.
Oh man, get the Falafel for 4.95 and be prepared to enjoy!
In the beginning I was like, "What a trashy place!" but 5 minutes later everyone was talking to me and it was a good time. A lot of music, dance, and fun... It is a place where people really talk to each other . So, if you have nothing to do, it is place to be!
Keyword: Popular Place, Hookah is Meh


The hookah is alright,  it all depends on the flavor,  WATCH OUT.. They charge you a service charge which essentially should be the tip.. So don't double tip them..

Hookah Flavor: Meh  There's better.
I used to like Falafel Palace.

Then, one time I went when it was light out ... and I wasn't stumbling drunk. 

Need I say more?
Moody's has been pretty consistent for me.  I usually order the vegetarian combo or the falafal sandwich and both are great.  They are also usually quick, even during lunch time
I went to Istanbul Grill once a few years ago and liked it but for some reason never went back.  This was rectified yesterday, and I wish I had gone back sooner.

First of all, it's a small Turkish place.  Turkish food is pretty similar to Persian food to me, but they do have some differences such as the bread, a few of the spices, etc.  So if you have eaten Persian food before, this place shouldn't be too unusual to you.

The quality of the food is simply outstanding.  I had lamb kebabs (I believe it is called "kuzu" on their menu) and was shocked at how tender their lamb was.  Most lamb kebabs that I get in Houston are nowhere near this tender and full of flavor.  Their rice had chick peas, and that added an interesting taste.  The salad that accompanied my meal was ok, and I'm not a fan of cabbage so I didn't try that.  One thing that was also really, really good was their hummus.  Eat hummus with their thick bread that sops it up and you're in for a treat.

Overall, I would love to go back here.  The biggest downside, as with all Rice Village places, is the parking.  If you actually find parking here (there are only five spots or so in front of the restaurant) you can expect to be blocked in by the people that arrive after you.  If you don't arrive early enough, expect a long hike.
Having had the pleasure to live in cities with ubiquitous shwarama joints it was a real pleasure to find Taza 21.

I've had their lamb and their chicken shawarma (both times as take-out). They're a bit different, in that the wrap is pretty thick and they put the whole thing in a grill press; I'm used to lighter versions. On the other hand, their meat is for real and not that minced goo that you get in a  typical Pittsburgh gyro.

Definitely worth checking out.
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!! My friend and I decided to check this place out, mainly because it was Sunday night and every other restaurant was either crazy busy or closed. Big mistake.  The fact that the place was empty should have been my first clue to run for the exit. My friend and I however stayed and put in our order.  First of all, it took about 30 minutes for our food to arrive. Then once we got it, the waiter claims that the Coke machine is somehow broken. You'd think we would get free coffee or tea for this, but no. Instead, I get charged for a more expensive tea and my friend gets a sludge coffee. It should be noted that the food is ok here. Its edible, but the cooks are so sketchy looking!! It has a B rating for reason. After we ate, we literally waited around for 20 minutes for the check! Meanwhile, a herd of bimbo 18 year old UCLA girls walked in and magically got impeccable service (Cokes are conjured up for these half nude chicks as well).  Our check FINALLY arrives, and let me tell you, it is ridiculously overpriced here! And they don't accept cards! There was no way I was leaving any sort of tip for this, nor using thier ATM, so I sent my friend to Starbucks for change and left the bill only, pluc a 1 cent tip. Worst expereince ever.
Been going here since college -- I usually get the chicken or lamb kabobs, and branched out to other dishes on their 'specialties' menu.

Everything I've had has been quite delicious, but a little pricey, about $17 pre-tax-and-tip for food + drink.  The good news is, that $21 total will feed you for 2 to 4 meals, the portions are gigantic.

The Heidar Baba Tea is mouth wateringly good, and they serve it to you with a dish full of small sugar lumps -- love it !
Ok. Tons of mixed reviews here. First off, it's super cheap. Secondly, they may only have one person working the entire joint, so it can be slow. But on a warm night, with a lamb shawarma in my hand, and a freshly fried Falafel (we had to wait 10 min as she ran out) I was winking at the robust but cute lady in admiration for her calm under the pressure of 10 sets of hungry eyes saying hurry hurry I'm next! Of course you're next, and she knows it. She even threw in three extra falafel for my patience-
Honestly, Bella Pita is one of the finest that Westwood can offer, and with Westwood Live, I'm more than glad to give them business. I've always been a fan of the chicken wowshis just for the sheer amount of food you receive, but it's not simply the quantity but the freshness of what it is you're eating. I'm really glad they make each thing to order, and there's a condiment bar with fresh veggies and sauces to use. It's a way to customize your food in a clean and simple way. The falafel's texture is what really puts it all together for me, especially with the filet mignon pita. So delicious, but at times, extremely crowded in such a limited space (especially later at night when people are done partying).
I LOVE BELLA PITA!

Fresh, cheap, and absolutely delicious. Did I mention fresh and cheap?!

The "wowshis" are definitely what you want to hit up. It's a pita bread, and there are various options on what your stuffing would be (Black bean, chicken, merguez [beef & lamb sausage], etc.).

The salsa bar is where you customize your pita sandwich. You got your lettuce, shredded cabbage, tomato, cucumber, onion, pico de gallo, hommos, pickle, pickled beets/radish, various sauces (white sauce, tahini, lemon, oil, herbal, spicy, hot).

The one downside? Only two chairs in seating area. You'd think with all the money they make, they could at least get another chair.

Lately, I've been getting their green salad ($3.81), and use both sides of the box to fill up on some salad, and pack that box with everything and eat it there. Best bang for buck in Westwood.
Put the Middle East in New York and its just ok, but its probably the best bar/music venue/restaurant, with btw amazing food, that the Boston area has to offer.
I like this place, but the food was just decent.  The beef I had wasn't that great, but the chicken was flavorful. Humus was was home made and had great taste to it.  My favorite was the side salad.  Good mix of lemon and balsamic vinegar. Overall, bang for your buck good portion, but taste was just not all there.
Great and friendly service. Food was made quickly and it was fresh. Sandwiches and wraps are around $6 and platters around $11. I ordered a chicken wrap, and my brother ordered a half roasted chicken. The chicken was tender and juicy, although needed a little more salt. The servers stopped by at each table and asked how customers liked the food and if they needed anything. Would stop by again.
Good baba ganouj, passable hummus and bread, and terrible falafel, the worst I have ever had. It was pre-cooked and reheated rather than cooked fresh, not crispy on the outside, overly heavy and dense, and served on a plate of lettuce that had begun to turn brown. I think I'll be sticking with East Side Pocket from now on.
Yum! It was good, and fresh! The worker was friendly too. Lastly , the sign says you can only get condiments once but my friend and me stood next to the counter and just kept refilling. The cashier didn't mind :)
Fed up of college food?  Want an indulgence and a health kick at the same time?  Need a good feed but you're all alone?  Falafel Corner can satisfy all of these desires.  I come here when I need a bit of comfort and obscurity.  Choose from a long array of roll-ups, combo plates and kabobs.  My dish of choice is the vegetarian combo plate complete with hummus, tahini, juicy mint & cucmber salad, warm falafel and pitta bread.  There might be a bit of a wait, and you might not enjoy the Egyptian music or the sparse dining area downstairs, but the food will be fresh, satisfying and extremely tasty.  If you have room after your main dish then there's always baklava and rice pudding.
Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend.  I have not been here in years since I was a UCLA student.  I ordered a lamb schwarma in a pita and my friend ordered a lamb schwarma plate.  The plate comes with two sides and potato chips.  There were a large number of sides to choose from. My friend got the babaghanoush and the cucumber salad with tzatziki.  Both of them were very good. 

 Unfortunately, the lamb was not so good.  It was cold and very tough; it seemed like it had been sitting around for a few hours.  Some of it was almost too tough to eat.  I've had schwarma at quite a few places, but the meat on this one was among the worst I've had.  I will not be returning.
It's the time of the year when food on campus is sparse, so I got lunch-to-go from Stixs 2 days ago.  I had 2 chicken skewers with mashed potatoes. It was surprisingly good.  The artichoke hearts hidden under the onion slices were a nice surprise.  The mashed potatoes were good, and the sauce included complimented the stuff on the skewer.  A 2-skewer meal with a drink and cookie was a little over $10, and it was plenty of food.  I probably would have been fine with a single skewer.

It's not dynamite, but certainly worthy of a place on my walk-to-lunch list.
The music is great, they have a lot of local bands which are of course hit or miss- based solely on preference. But on the whole experience, I really was not too impressed, as anywhere in Boston the drinks are pricey. However the bartenders are pretty decent.
I know the family who owns this restaurant, they're very good people. They also make very good food. The falafel wraps are stellar. They are basically a sample of all sorts of middle eastern/Mediterranean staples, wrapped in a pita. Falafel balls, tabooley, hummus, etc, all perfectly proportioned into a warm, tasty pita wrap. 

Their tabooley is my favorite in town apart from my homemade variety. They actually use herbs in theirs! So many places give you this weird mix of bulgar wheat and raisins and call it tabooley, but not this place. A little wheat, a lot of herbs, onions, tomatoes, and lemon. Its authentic and delicious. 

They also carry many local teas and other drinks, as well as some snack bars and other products. They recently expanded their store and its really very nice, they have a huge room you can rent for parties now!
I walked by this place dozens of time and wasn't really too excited about eating here because it looks a little gross.  However, it does get very crowded and so I tried it out one day.  A great diner experience!  Standard diner fare (eggs, sandwiches, etc), good people watching, and unbelievably cheap prices.  Gets very packed on weekends.
East Side is not too healthy and not the cheapest, but incredibly fast and quite delicious.  The pockets seem to be the thing to get.
They weren't lying when they said they have the best falafel in town. I have had such bad experiences with falafel that when my friend dragged me here to try their falafel, I was less than enthused to do so. But then I took a bite of their piping hot nuggets of chick pea delight, and I was hooked. Seriously though, I have to stop stopping by their place and buying their half-dozen falafel bags for $2.00 at least once a week. And the fact that I normally hate chick peas but I LOVE this concoction is saying something.
Besides their awesome falafel...oh heck...that's all I come for! I'm pretty sure they have other great dishes, but for me it's all falafel all the time!
This is a 5 star because you can walk up to the window and get one of the best gyros/falafels in Seattle! Delicious, Quick, Cheap. Worth a visit for sure! If your lucky the owner will whip up your food. cool! :)
My favorite takeout lunch in Pasadena!

Great food, reasonable prices, fast service.

My only complaint is the parking.
Looks like the word is out on Zankou.  I remember--freshman year at Tech--the first time I saw someone (*ahem* Ken K) wearing a dorky yellow Zankou T-shirt and thought "hmm, do they really like Zankou that much?  Wait a minute...maybe wearing one is so uncool, it's actually cool!"  And hence my knowledge of hipsterdom was born.

Anyway, here's how I suggest you do Zankou:

1) Order equal quantities Tarna wraps and Shawarma wraps.  Order as many as you and your krew can possibly eat.  Don't order the combo plates.  Don't bother with anything else.

2) Take them home, bust out your beverages of choice, put on the TV and chow down.  Enjoy the juiciest, dripping-with-flavorest wraps you've ever had.  Don't bother hanging around the restaurant, cool Thomas Guide map on the wall notwithstanding.

I feel bad for all the people who complain about the parking.  We only had to walk two blocks...suckers.
The food is very tasty, made fresh and very inexpensive. Went there for a quick dinner. It is a very small market with 3-4 tables inside. I give 5 star bc of the freshness and taste of the food. The ambiance is not appealing but the elderly man/owner struck me as a wise man taking personal care of his business for years. Thxu.
There isn't too much in the area for Middle Eastern cuisine, so finding this little Lebanese place was great.  The food is really good and generally reasonably priced - lunch sandwiches are a little cheaper but dinner platters are priced a little high.  The gyro meat in particular is fantastic and there is a good variety of desserts.  One downside is that it is occasionally staffed by a single teenage waiter, so service suffers.  I usually get take-out though and don't care as long as I get my gyro... Yum!
Excellent Food with Great prices and very generous portion sizes. I keep going back here time and time again for lunch. Very busy lunch hour so if you get there towards the end of the noon hour be prepared to have just okay service.
Algiers is a bit off the beaten track in terms of frequently visited cafes in Harvard Square. I've never had a hard time getting a table here. I prefer the atmosphere upstairs. In the summer, there is a little patio on the second floor that gets great sun and is a wonderful place to grab lunch, coffee, or a late afternoon glass of wine. 

The food is delicious. I highly recommend the combination salad plate that comes with tabouli, hummus, and baba ganoush. The only downside for me is that I've seen them up their price over the years and I think $4 is a little ridiculous for a cup of mint tea, even if the leaves are fresh. Also, no wireless. Keep this in mind if you come planning to do work.
Their Greek salad is wonderful but for the price, it could be a bit bigger. Everything was delightful, clearly made within the past twenty minutes, and the feta cheese has left me breathless. I am in lust with it. 

The pita bread was/is fantastic. Needless to say,  it's something worth calling home about.

Delivery time, well, luckily I have the paitence of a glacier but my dining partner was hungry. We waited forty minutes (give or take) for a salad and falafel platter.

Regardless, it was wonderful. Accept no substitutes (like Moaz, eugh).
Got the chicken wowshi. It came in two pockets, steaming and hot. They had self-serve veggie station on the side. Very convient and fresh. I definitely stacked on lots of everything. I poured white sauce all over with bits of hummus and then BAM!

Nom nom nom! Very filling and delicious.

I would have given five stars if there was space to sit. I had to stand around with a friend until people before us were done. I was already on my second pocket by the time I got to sit down.
I love this place. The food is great and so is the owner. My favorite dish is the lamb sandwich. Also, I like this place because I can always count on great mango juice from here.
I rarely give out one stars, but this was honestly one of the worst food truck experiences I've ever had.

Firstly, the wait took forever. My friend and I were the only people there and no one came to pick up food for the 20 minutes we waited on the sidewalk. I'm sure it doesn't take that long to put together two lunches.

Secondly, the food itself was very disappointing. The platter was actually a little cold. The rice had no flavor to it. And to top if off, they put raw onions on top of everything. Like, a lot. I had to take them all off in order to taste what little taste the food had. The grape leaves were also disappointing. All I tasted was the bitterness of the leaf and the rice. Finally, to think I paid $6 for that meal. Definitely not going back.

If you want MIddle Eastern/Mediterranean food, stop by Hummus or Greek Lady down the block. Well worth the walk and the few extra bucks.
Yeah baby - Halal Persian!! I went here with at least a dozen other people, and we all left happy! I love their bargh, koobideh, and their lental soup is to die for!  The restaurant has tons of space, is super clean, and I think their prices are very reasonable!  PS - it's located on Colorado Blvd directly across from Pasadena City College.
My husband and I are here last May. Delicious middle eastern food. I had the lamb pocket, which was fantastic. Eclectic shops in college area, but had to zig zag aound the solicitors pushing commie crap hand out flyers.
Used to be, there were several falafel options in Harvard Square. Now it's more or less Falafel Corner (haven't been back after poor service) or this place (authentic and friendly). The vegetables are always fresh, they add extra pita to your wrap (they have a special way of wrapping that prevents you from spilling your food if only you follow along), and their falafel is the real fresh and green kind (I don't like brown falafel). I either get that or a Chicken Shwarma wrap (always tasty, just amazing with the tahini or if you make it a hummus combo). I don't go for their grilled items, the shwarma just seems so much juicier and tastes very fresh. Thank goodness this place is still there!
There's really nowhere else to eat nearby if you are at The Middle East. The staff is nice, but if it wasn't for shows, I wouldn't seek out this restaurant.
Love this place. It was the first bit of solace I found at UCLA when I was an undergrad here in the 90's. I don't know what all the gripe is about but please don't go there expecting haute cuisine or anything spectacular. It is what it is... A cool place to hang out after all the lame ass bars in the area have closed down. They offer some seriously decent food at very indecent hours. The Lemon chicken is a favorite. The hookah isn't the best but it Is decent. As for getting shafted by the bill ... Well it's an ethnic establishment if it weren't a bit shady it simply wouldn't be authentic. Love the Lamborghini's and phantoms parked outside. The women in 5inch heels and skimpy dresses always give cause to plenty of people watching. Love this place. Take it for what it is. Shut up sit down, watch and learn.
Really good fast food on a stretch next to Brown with fine but uninteresting offerings. This place bucks the trend. Cheap and tasty and incredibly fast. Good fries. They customize everything to your liking. A fantastic deal.
Cheap, fast, fresh, delicious. What more can a girl (or guy) ask for from her falafel place? Their falafel roll-up is awesome.

Never eaten any of the meat options but my friends who live in Harvard Square swear by them.

Plus the guys who make your food are super nice :)
Habibi's is a lot of fun. They have many flavors of hookah, great mediterranean food, and a nice ambiance. I love coming here to relax with friends.

The hummus and baba ganoush are really good.. and I love their kufta kabobs.. yum!

Definitely a good place to check out. Gets packed on the weekends but worth the wait. The tables outside are my favorite.. nice to observe the streets of Westwood :)
3.5 stars for me! I actually had to get this for take-out and eat my lamb pita when it wasn't so warm anymore. It was my first try so I did wish I had the chance to eat it warm.

The portion was reasonable but I did think the price could be about a dollar cheaper. The tikkai? sauce was very refreshening and fresh. At Hummus you get to choose what you want among the choices of a platter, sandwich, wrap (and maybe more) and the additional ingredients. I am not a fan of cucumbers but I strongly encourage trying it out inside your pita. The cucumbers and sauce and hummus combo go well with eachtother nicely. The cooked lamb and the freshening cucumber and sauce will give a nice tang when you bite into it. 

Hummus is a cool place for a quick grab. I did say it could be like a dollar cheaper, but when you are in a hurry and on Penn campus, Hummus may be the place to go. It's better than unhealthy McDonalds right next door and quicker than Bobby's palace nearby. I will definitely go back and try the other stuff on the menu. Can't wait to get the cucumber and white sauce mix again.
Great place to grab a meal in the Village.  We grab takeout there all the time.  I love the hummus and grape leaves with the fresh baked bread.  The grilled kebabs are great and well spiced which is critical for me.  The rice with chick peas it a big hit with the little ones, and a Lahmacun with lamb is a nice change of pace for me from time to time. Drawback is parking is terrible se we either walk or get take out.
i really like the kefta kebab here. they're pretty consistent with all their plates. why mess with a sure thing, right?

they also anticipate the lunch rush so everything is already prepared so you get your food right away. it's faster than fast food joints! you have to get here early to get a seat at lunch. but they serve you so quick the turnaround for a table is fairly fast as well.
If you weren't able to tell by the name, I'm Persian, so I've had some persian food in my time. So here's the deal with this place: It's not the best persian food in the world, but it's definitely very good, hence the four stars. Of course, if you make a trip out to Westwood or Orange County you may stumble across slightly better tasting food, but here is what you won't get at the other places:

- Good food at awesome prices. For example, all of their appetizers are $5 and are very generous portions. You could easily get full on the tadig with stew alone.

- Awesome service. You really feel like a guest at this place as opposed to a customer. I've also received "freebies" on numerous occasions from the owner.

- Fast service. 

As a matter of fact, the more established Persian restaurants in LA/OC  offer you exactly the opposite of what's listed above. I recommend the tadiq, borani bademjoon, any of the stews, and any of the kebabs! Overall, I highly recommend this place. If you're planning a visit, go to their website and print out one of their coupons to save some extra money.
You could review a thousand different things at the Middle East (food, drink, one of the venues, etc.), I'm going to limit my scope to the main bar and restaurant.

Service is so-so.  If you sit at one of the tables, even at a late hour, you'll feel like you've personally shot the dogs of the wait staff.  I always feel guilty about something:  Not ordering food.  Not ordering enough food.  Ordering food but not drinks.  Ordering too many drinks.  Stop judging me!

The bartenders are much better.  Not only do they pour well and make conversation, but they are very quick to kick out the many drunk belligerents that make their way to the bar.  The last three times I've been to the bar someone has managed to get escorted out after barely managing to slur "I didn't know I wasn't allowed to come back here," to the very large bouncers.

The musical acts are obviously of variable quality.  Usually, though, they're interesting to watch or talk about, and they aren't overly loud, either.

Tap selection is good, and they've got a lot of cheap crappy beers (giant PBR cans for just under four bucks).  Food's about average.

It's an okay place.  Middle East is always an experience, but sometimes it's a bad one.
Habibis is an interesting place located in the heart of Westwood right next to the UCLA campus . Hookah is the main attraction though one can order from a wide array of Middle Eastern cuisine. For me the main draw is the owner who is quite a character. Attired in an expensive pin striped suit, his slick hair tied back in a ponytail , the man is a bona fide pimp . Whether it is leading customers to the table by their hand or dancing to the Arabic tunes blasting from the speakers , this man knows how to 'entertain' his clients.  Sometimes he dresses in a skin tight fluoroscent green or yellow muscle shirt which adds to his flair.  A very colorful character indeed, this Egyptian Cassanova is  a must see .
I enjoy this place a small amount more than its neighbor, the decidedly sub-par Oasis. It's open really late, and you get more food for the same price. The atmosphere is also an improvement, and the staff is markedly friendlier. Definitely in the mid-range of the meager Middle Eastern offerings in downtown Ann Arbor, but if I want a vegetarian grape leaf sandwich at two in the morning (and who wouldn't?), this is the only place, and that has to count for something.
I'm really glad Central Sq has this small falafel place. It's almost like a hole in the wall, but the food is great and cheap. my favorites are the chicken shawarma, lamb shawarma plates, and the kabob rolls. I believe the rolls run about 4-5 bucks and the plates run about 6 bucks. The plates are plentiful in portion, and quite healthy with sides of rice and diced cucumber/tomato salad. The only downside is it can take a while to order your food, but I guess that's because it's such a popular place with the locals.
$1.85 for 3 dolmas and 3 falafel. Amazing. Delicious. This was the best falafel I've had in a long time.

Very friendly family behind the counter. I look forward to hanging around for a big lunch sometime.
The line goes out the door during lunch time. However, the food comes out really fast. We got our food instantly after paying! Their kebab plates are relatively inexpensive and the tax is already included into its price. 

The place is small, but there's a lot of tables inside and a couple on the outside, so seating isn't hard to get. 

Considering the amount of food they give you, it's very likely you'll have leftovers, unless you're starving like I was.  

The plates come with hummus, salad, one pita bread, rice pilaf, garlic spread, and hot sauce. I thought the beef kabob was okay. I'm used to juicier filet mignon cuts so their beef wasn't as tender for me. 

I traded one of my beef kabob's with my friend's chicken kabob. It was more tender and moist than the beef.  

Their rice packed a LOT of flavor and tasted even better with their amazing garlic spread, although it's possible that they're not meant to go in that combination. Definitely the best part of the plate. 

A plate combination only comes with one pita, but with all the rice, you might not even have room for it. I cut my pita into four pieces and ate it with the rice, meat, and hummus. Yum!

Don't be intimidated by the massive lines during lunch. They move so fast that you won't even remember being in line.
Seriously...this place makes such freaking good falafels.  Don't question them, just put every single ingredient available on.  Everytime they ask, say yes..."Pickles?" Yes.  "Tomatoes?"  Yes.  "Cucumber sauce".  Yes.  Yes.  YES!  

For it to taste the best though, you must eat it in the car on the way home and get condiments all over yourself.
I have given it several tries. So many people have told me they love going there. I have felt over the years I need to give it another try.  I must be wrong. Thinking I must not be ordering the right thing. 

The owners are fake nice. They seem to like charging for every extra sauce, cheese, salad than making real food they actually have made. 

I realized I don't like store bought everything. They frozen bag of fries then put it in a to-go container that makes them sweat wet and soggy. How hard is it to cut a real potato? Nothing is freshly made. Pita seems like they buy it from smart and final. Salad was pre-made, soggy and hard to take all the amounts of vinegar, you can't taste the spices. Hummus is bitter not creamy.

The worst part is it is expensive for mediocre food. Ordered feta cheese with my salad which is  $2 extra and got a teaspoon of shredded feta. I have never eaten shredded feta before and it was not good. Hummus,Salad,Falafel and drink over $15.00 (Seriously? does it cost that much) 

Saca's is a good reminder I can get the same thing pre-made at a  grocery store or make it myself much fresher and better.
I love the chicken tarna here! Great meal & still healthy! I eat the lettuce & pickled veggies to make sure I'm getting part of my daily requirement (per nutrition guide).;-) The garlic sauce & hummus is awesome too! Some of the best garlic sauce I have ever had! I'm a huge garlic lover too.:-) The chicken shawarma is good too.
As I work near BU, the only good shawarma place nearby that I have found is Garlic N' Lemons in Allston. Really great food and great saj wraps. However, I live in Somerville and so I wanted to find a place closer to home...and so I eventually found Aceituna Cafe. I ordered the beef shawarma wrap. While the taste was good, the small amount of meat offered for the price ($7.76 including tax) does not represent a good value. In fact, it is not really worth it. For $1 less, you can get an equally tasty wrap with more meat at Garlic N' Lemons. I'm still waiting for a great shawarma place to hit Boston, much like the ones I have found during my trips to London.
The Middle East is great. We've seen numerous concerts there, and it's a great venue for a small-ish show. What I want to review now, though, is the restaurant!! I never realized I liked Middle Eastern food so much! I had tofu couscous and my Mr. had the falafel. We also had the hummus, which was awesome. If you like sweets, try the honey cake!! We went on a belly dance night (actually we went specifically for it, to see my teacher dance--but she hurt her ankle, so she didn't =/ Belly dance is every Sunday night and Wednesday night, with a rotating schedule of dancers) and the live DJ and all the dancers were totally awesome. It was a great time, with great food--definitely a five star night. :) We will definitely go back again--there are enough vegetarian options for several trips!
I really didn't think this place was that great. I've had plenty of Mediteranian food before in big cities like Chicago, Seattle, NY, etc. at authentic little joints. So when I had this in comparison, I was kind of disappointed. 

I ordered the Beef Shwarma Combo. My beef was very dry and my pita was cold. The vegetables that came along with it didn't add too much to the meal either. The pickles and the beets in my pita just didn't work for me. However, I did enjoy a few things. The hummus was pretty good though and also they have this garlic mayo which was also really good, especially with fries, it reminded me of getting fries in Amsterdam and Belgium. 

There is a very long line for lunch, so expect to wait about 20 min to order and get your food, about 10 min more if you get the kebab. My two friends ordered the kebabs and it took them a long time, especially after they messed up.

 Also, for the combo, it was a little on the pricey end at $8.99. I'm used to paying around $5-7 at other places. For a plate, expect to pay about $11.99. After a drink and tax, my total was $11 something, which is alright. The environment is pretty nice and the dining area is relatively large, which helps in finding a seat during the lunch rush. 

Overall, it was just ok. Like the rating suggests, "Meh. I've experienced better."
I eat at Sabra Grill at least once a week and I can't say enough about this restaurant.  My mother is Armenian (making me half), thus I grew up eating really great homemade Middle Eastern food.  For so long I've been disappointed by so many restaurants categorized as Middle Eastern; none could come close to being as good as my family's cooking.  But, when I happened upon Sabra Grill 2 years ago on my lunch break I found something that, though not my family's cooking, comes closer than anything I've tried (Don't worry, I haven't stopped exploring).  Sabra is great for an inexpensive, delicious, fresh, quick bite for lunch, a road trip, or take-out.  My favorite dish here is the chicken shawarma plate.  It is seriously an amazing assemblage of the most wonderfully delectable flavors.  An absolute party in your mouth.  This fairly large platter consists of a fresh salad with a lemony dressing, adjacent to a heaping helping of rice pilaf, topped with their chicken shawarma freshly shaved from the spit.  Then, to add to this masterpiece, they put creamy tahini sauce all over the top, and just when you think it's finished...la piece de resistance... a dollop of their homemade garlic paste on top.  This dish is truly orgasmic.   And you must try their grape leaves.  I LOVE them.  Not only is the food here great, but so are the people that run the show.  The woman who works here with her husband has become like my second mom.  They are very warm and very friendly...especially to those who care to be the same.   =)
The Rat - gone

The Channel - gone

Bunratty's/Local 186 - turned into a fern bar(Big middle finger to the Lyons Bros for that one. Actually, two big middle fingers to the Lyons Bros for a variety of offenses.)

The Middle East remains, thankfully.  I've lost count of the shows I've been to here, both upstairs and down and I still have my hearing.  If you haven't seen a show here, then you're missing out.
exactly as bad as everyone says.
Best middle eastern food in the University District. The shawarma is the closest thing to the real McCoy that you'll find in the Northwest. Their platters are very strongly recommended: the lamb kebab is outstanding and worth a visit just to try. Even though they have big portions, I nearly ordered a second platter.

This place has two drawbacks: it's *very* hot inside, and can be noisy. The latter is because the busy 50th St. bus stop is right outside, so the ambient noise gets obnoxious when the door is open. I've also seen the employees get into shouting matches with each other on two visits.

PS: It's not gyros. If you're expecting another lame U District gyros stand, you'll be disappointed.
Tried this place again and found it to be quite good.  Tasty falafel platter with good (yes, good!) hummus and other appealing side dishes.
I had fun. The cake I had was pretty bad, and the music IS a little loud, but our waiter could not have been more friendly, the tobacco was nice, and the Armenian coffee was tasty.
Great deal for lunch.  best homefries.  Pretty greasy, sometimes the smell of the place remains on your clothes for hours after, but the family that runs it are super nice, it's a pleasant place.  I don't recommend the coffee, but I do recommend becoming a regular.
I had the chicken skewer sandwich and mint tea, and my friend had the falafel plate and mint tea.

Mint tea was delicious, and they gave us free hot water for the pots after we had finished our firsts. I enjoyed my chicken sandwich- the meat was well seasoned, juicy, and there was a lot of it, the sandwich was dressed with a good amount of tahini, and I really liked the very thin, warm, and slightly crunchy pita bread it came wrapped in. My friend found her entree a bit skimpy, particularly given the price, and it seemed like she got a really paltry amount of fries- the plate looked bare.

The waitresses were pleasant, but seemed a bit overwhelmed (or maybe understaffed), and it was hard to get their attention.

I've already come back again for the delicious mint tea. I will definitely return to sample some of the other food items.
As a Persian food newbie, I gotta say that this place was quite awesome. The lentil soup was super tasty, and I loved the hummus plus all the extra bread they brought us.

I ordered the chicken koobideh which was very tasty. I gotta warn you, the portions are HUGE. 2 long slabs of meat, a grilled tomato, a grilled pepper, a grilled onion, and a gigantic portion of rice. Gotta say, totally worth the $12.

The waitresses were very nice and service was fast and smooth. And the place is nicely decorated and comfortable! The only thing that sketched me out a bit was I saw not one but TWO security cameras in the main dining area pointed at the tables! Not gonna ask.
I went to Brookline Brunch on a Sunday morning around 11am. It was quite busy, but we were able to seat ourselves immediately and had service right away. They have a fairly extensive menu and offer everything from pancakes to baba ghanoush. Our food was great (egg and feta breakfast sandwich) and was served to us about 10-15 minutes after ordering. This was the fastest I have ever been served brunch food in the Cambridge/Boston area on a Sunday morning.

Be warned though, they do not have a dishwasher so all of their dishes are washed by hand, which I felt was a bit unsanitary. Also, their juices are made from concentrate and are poured out of a plastic milk jug. Save your $2.75 and order coffee or water. Lastly, do not go here with a big group. This place is tiny and best accomodates a party of no more than four. If it is cold outside, there is no place to wait for a table- they ask all people to wait outside until they can free up space.

Overall, it has its ups and downs, but is worth a try.
The food is good. Service is horrible. This is not a high end restuarant. Once I tried to place an order over the phone because I wanted to get to an important appointment. The woman who answered the phone said we do not take small orders over the phone. We are not busy. It won't take more than 10 minutes. I went and ordered 3 different plates. It took good 30 minutes for them to give the food.  If  it is fast food kind of place, they should take phone orders to accomodate customers. A fact is that unsatisfied customers wont return. The service should be customer oriented and not a rude answer. to a customer.
Need to improve the business practices.
SW
Wow!  I love this place.  The Chicken Shawerma wrap is hands down my favorite.  The chicken is really tender and juicy and the mix of sauces is just perfect.  I also love the Falafel here too.  It can get a bit salty if you have too many, but great none-the-less.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.
My boyfriend and I went to ZuZu a while back and had a great meal. I love to eat with my hands, and forks were definitely not necessary that night as we used our endless basket of pita to feed ourselves. We split two pupu platters, the vegetarian and the Zuzu, because how can you go wrong with a pupu platter (or two)? Everything was good, but the meat options tended to outshine the veggies. If your a fan of dip, then I highly recommend the vegetarian platter, as it comes with an assortment the likes of which I have never seen (including some whipped garlic that is out of this world). We also ordered the sumac rock shrimp for an appetizer (it came with the entrees, but whatevs) which was delicious.

Overall, I think Zuzu is pretty good for the price, but they really drop the ball on dessert. I got the chocolate baklava sundae and it was one of the blandest, most uninspired desserts I have ever had (and this is coming from the guy who used to smuggle baklava home from the dining hall when they made it at school). I would have been much better off simply sticking with the pupu (tee hee).

3.5 Stars
Made my first visit to Fa-La-La-La today and boy was I happy! You could just taste the freshness and the quality which is unusual for restaurants in that part of town. You can actually see your falafels being made as you order them and the pita was magnificent. Thick and chewy. It held together the ENTIRE time I was eating and didn't fall apart like most other pitas. This place is several notches above every other place I've tried around campus, and I have tried MANY. The counter staff were friendly and helpful and explained all the toppings available for our falafels and I can't wait to go back to try the savory shredded beef sandwich. I had a chance to sample the beef and it was simply delicious. I've just found my new regular falafel spot!
Think you don't like falafel? Nuthin but belly-bustahs you say? Try these. Light and full of flavor these pillows of deep fried love are amazing.
It's a damn solid falafel, I have to say, and I always appreciate the rolled-then-grilled style. The sandwiches can be a little dry, but I typically ask for extra sauce on a falafel/shawarma anyway, so that hasn't been a problem for me at this place. 

Good, cheap food that gets the job done, and then some.
This is not only a review but a big thank you to the 2 staff who attended to me nicely eventhough i blew through there when it was busy and i just wanted a breakfast sandwich to go! 

i got mushroom, egg and cheese on wheat bread (comes with a side of homefries and veggies!) for 4$ and change. yum. i live closer to inman but there arent too many good breakfast sandwiches in my immediate area...would come back to BL anytime for this tasty goodness.

Thanks! You have one more fan!
I ended up going to this place with my sister because we read all the great reviews, and had a craving to middle eastern food. The tabouli was horrible - far too much bulgar wheat. The chicken schwarma was okay, but I have had far better in Dearborn. Falafel was also just okay. I guess that if you cannot make it to Dearborn, then this will do. Seems to me that there has to be SOMEWHERE else that is more authentic... here's to hoping. Oh, and the service was pretty lame... there was no one else in the place, and we still couldn't get a refill on the water.
Get your falafel wraps here if you're in the area. The parking is more abundant than other surounding businesses, such at Buffalo Exchange, so it makes sense to eat here first and then browse aroung The Drag. This place is so small and cozy, and they sell some pretty delicous gineral ale and baklava to boot.
Yes, the garlic spread looks like LARD (well said Michelle T) 

yes, the only way it would taste better is if it actually WAS LARD...

and YES I have a problem.

The absolute wonder and elation on my son's face as he devoured practically anything we placed in front of him made me the happiest dad in Zankou.  He was literally beaming and throwing his little hands up in the air celebrating every bite of chicken tarna, kabob, hummus, tahini, pita and garlic sauce....

The look of worry and fear on his little face when he thought there was no more food was priceless to me http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=o4CCBC_u42Yoyz38tfNsQw  my boy loves his grub gawdammit.

CHICKEN TARNA PLATE ($8.99)

Tender, juicy slices of marinated and flame broiled chicken served with creamy hummus, tangy tahini, lettuce, tomatoes, pickled turnips, peppers and pita bread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=ri7bWZcUOm12J-qpLtO12w was WAY more than enough food for just myself and I happily shared with the rest of the fam.  Take some pita, spread on some garlic sauce, throw in some chicken, add some veggies to your liking....wrap it up taco style and dip it in some hummus or tahini = one happy ass pappy.

CHICKEN KABOB PLATE ($9.99)

Roasted chunks of delicious marinated chicken served with a side of rice, tomato, pickles, onions and hummus and pita.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=VWg8H4Vu-kk5vXALAbLEww The wife enjoyed this and no complaints from the kiddos.  My daughter was even able to enjoy everything since there was no dairy or eggs (she's allergic) Again, absurd portions for great prices, no complaints from anyone.

All in all, extremely good quality for ridiculously reasonable prices.  We fed 2 adults and 2 children with only those 2 plates and I was ready to pass out in the parking lot from overindulging.

So come on down and stuff your face...just don't get between my son and his chicken....he'll slather your hand in garlic sauce and bite your damn fingers off.
Two haikus:

Three a.m., tipsy
Chicken shawarma with hummus
Extra pickles, bliss

Falafel Palace
An oasis in Central
Hi-fi pizza hurts
WOO HOO!!
great value, great service, great food.  For only $8 you can get a delicious entree that will fill your belly, I feel bad even clicking the single dollar sign for the price range.  Comes with two dipping sauces, rice, hummus and greek salad.  My only complaint, my greek salad didn't come with olives.... even though I love olives so much I have killed a man over an olive, not too big of a deal.  Other than that, you cannot go wrong with this place.
Great chicken with affordable price! Never disappoint! Love the rotisserie chicken (whole chicken) and the chicken wrap! It's a must go place if u want chicken!!
Their food is absolutely amazing and they are extremely fast!!! The Beef Kabob Plate is my favorite and their Hot Red Sauce is the best. This place is a must try in Pasadena
if you watch seinfield and are familiar with the "soup nazi" this place is it. you will get the stare down glare if you don't order quickly or if you ask too many questions. it was kind of scary at first but i'm done with all my questions and always know what i want to order now! yay me! tri tip kabob is BOMB-BETA!!! mostly with the seasoned onions, garlic spread, yummy fresh hummas and warm pita bread! YUM!

if their food was not so BOMB-BETA and HEALTHY, i would definitely dock stars for:
1/ customer service or much rather, lack there of.
2/ up keep of the dining area
3/ retarded back parking (hardest place to exit ever!) 

but they are truly the BOMB and it totally saves them from being a 2-3 star \(-_-)/
I've been having ridiculous cravings for pitas and falafel lately. And when I do, I dream about Bella Pita. I absolutely love the convenient toppings bar, where I like to pile on as much crap as I can without getting yelled at or feeling too guilty. The falafel itself is pretty heavenly, I must say. Perfect amount of freshness and grease. The place is tiny, so it's often overlooked. Sad, but more for me!
Just incredible food fast, fresh, and CHEAP! Biggest Gyro I've ever had and absolutely delicious. I am in Providence once or twice a year and will make sure to make this a must stop.
There is no other place to get falafel in the area. I mean, there is, but there may as well not be. This place is cheap, fast, delicious, AND open late. And if you're familiar with greater Boston, you may know that the last thing is the hardest to find. 

I've always found the portions here to be huge and can rarely finish my huge wrap even after some hunger-inducing drinking. My advice is to wrap it back up in the foil and be delightfully surprised when you wake up the next morning and find it in your fridge :) 

The night time crowd can be fun or annoying depending on your mood, and sometimes you really have to force your way in to get served.
This Lebanese place is fantastic. There are a few flaws but the ambiance, staff and food make up for them easily and once you bite into those delicious, messy sandwiches, all of your problems will go away. One important thing you should consider about this place is that they are slow. It can take up to thirty minutes for you to get your sandwich depending on how busy they are. It's slow. Sure. Criticize. Boo.

No but honestly their stuff is great. They have all kinds of Middle-Eastern food like falafel and grape leave sandwiches, kebab and kaftas, lamb... chicken, you name it. They have tea and coffee, and even some Orangina! Yes!!! That's awesome.

They have have deserts available, from their succulent fruit salads to honey-based pastries. They are opened up to 3am on certain days, which is later than bars and that is also awesome.

Although parking can be difficult to find there, the place is great and the food tasty! The decor is authentic and the music nice as well. Just don't set your expectations to thinking that you'll have a guaranteed seat or that you will be served quickly and instead order, relax and enjoy yourself.
Got takeout tonight which was amazing. I got the Holy Land Mixed Grill with 3 kinds of meat (chicken, lamb and shawerma), 2 kinds of rice, hummus, baba ghanouj, and 2 pieces of pita bread for only $12.99. This was a huge portion, enough for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.
This place is great for a nice lunch.  The Kebabs are great as are their salads and Pita wraps.  Wish they sold wine,
Good for vegetarian groceries.  The Romi brand yogurt is excellent.  But my favorite thing about Makkah is the barber upstairs.  The barbers are professionals and once you become a regular customer you get the full treatment of having your head wrapped in a steaming towel, massaged, and anointed by citrusy perfumes.  You leave feeling like you just left a spa.  All this and a great quick haircut for $9.   Give this place business.  They deserve it.
Completely reminiscent of Andala (or perhaps the other way around), I felt so at home the minute I walked in. Since I was on my way to work , and was desperate for the Arabic coffee I skipped this morning, I figured it was about time I gave this place a try. Coffee was on the bitter, add-your-own-sugar side, which is how it should be, although I usually prefer the version with cardamom. Perfectly grainy and aromatic, and cooked properly in a rakweh. They carry Les Emirs wine from Lebanon, have a nice selection of desserts, and seem to have plenty of seating on more than one level. The decorations are exquisite, although some of the prep areas seem a bit discombobulated. The cheese sandwich (gouda was my choice, but the offer a few other cool ones) hot the spot. Not too heavy, not too blah, the dressing on the salad it came with was super savory! Breakfast for 2 with two pots of coffee for under 15 bucks. Saweeeet.
I'm actually writing this for the Ahmo's Express out by Maple & Dexter road...

Although the parking is a bit tough, this is a great carry-out place.  Fatoosh (sp?) is always pretty good, and having worked in Dearborn for awhile I'm pretty picky.

Chicken is of the quality you're used to from a good Middle Eastern place, gyros are always good as well.

Overall, tasty food, pretty reasonably priced, prepped quickly.  This is a win-win when compared with any other quick food -- any day.
A hot and smelly small establishment packed with twenty and thirty-somethings groping each other on the dance floor.  No thanks.   MAYBE  if I was high on MDMA this would be more my thing.
You totally ignore the good manners your Mom instilled in you when she said not to eat w/ your hands! I felt like I was eating with a pack of wolves when my sister, her ex, and myself were craving Medi style chicken w/ that tasty garlic paste. After ordering the large chicken (1 lb. I believe), we tore it apart and filled our "tortillas" w/ it along with bit of chopped onions and dipped it into the tasty paste. For the most part, the chicken is moist, and its seasoned to perfection. Fingers, nails, and mouth were filthy, but it is sooo good. There are plenty of seats here, and parking in the back of the restaurant.
Filafel at its best!
I usually order a platter which comes with a portion of meat, a side of hummas, a small salad, and thin pita. The quality is good, and you can see everything being prepared in the kitchen. What gives Leena's an edge is that it is the only spot that I know of where you can get Middle Eastern food, gyros, and house-made hummas in Oakland.

My only complaint is that the owner (who is also the cook and is friendly) is skeptical of his customers. I have ordered take-out twice and both times he did not start cooking my order until I showed up; both times he offered an excuse for why he did not starting preparing the dish until I showed up.
I love me some Zenobia! Hookah is delicious and well maintained- the waitresses are super helpful and accommodating when you need a new coal or two, an appetizer, any little thing. Although I haven't explored much of the menu, the hummus and desserts are delicious. Not too cheap overall, but not too expensive. $18 for a hookah for 2 or 3 people (you need to buy 2 hookahs if you're a group of 4, a standard of most hookah bars in Providence). I wish one of these hookah bars would charge a little less to smoke, Zenobia preferably. I'd love to see them get more business!
My husband (who lived in Providence for 6 years) has been raving about this place since the day I met him and we finally made it out to RI so I can try it. 

The staff was very nice and friendly. They even made fresh falafel just for us to try (not a sample that's been sitting there for hours like other places). 

The falafel was incredible. I was born in Egypt so I know what good falafel is supposed to taste like and after living in Los Angeles for over 25 years (the Mecca of middle eastern food), i have never found anywhere that makes good falafel. 

They have many toppings that they put in the sandwich. I chose to keep my falafel with Gyro combo sandwich traditional with just Tahini, lettuce and tomato. The flavor was amazing. The toppings didn't overpower or hide the flavors and the sandwich was so big  that i only got through half and had to save the rest for later. 

I highly highly recommend this place.


Oh and i almost forgot to mention that the baklava was really good. Make sure to order some.
This place has the best falafel I've found since moving back to the East Coast, and I'm a _huge_ falafel fan.. I haven't tried everywhere yet, and there's a few places on my list that I've heard good things about, but for now this it my go-to falafel shop.
I feel the strong need to add a star because of my recent discovery: chicken fatoosh.  My colleagues and I order from JS about once a week and I am always looking forward to those days!  Order their fatoosh dish with rice and their schwarma sauce, and have enough leftovers for dinner or lunch the next day!
The people who work here are complete assholes and will try to cheat you out of as much money as possible. The waiters are completely rude and unprofessional as in the owner. The whole place is sleazy and disguesting. Don't bother asking to talk to management, because there is none. Dont EVER go here. Come here is you ever want to leave feeling violated and robbed. I would put zero stars.
Not only is this place absolutely delicious - they are super fast with your food. By the time you finish paying, your food will be happliy sitting on a tray waiting for you (instead of vice versa). This Med place has 2 main guys up front (taking money, passing cups) and another what seems like 10 people in the back who seem to have perfected the assembly line down to a T. 

Prices are decent, less than $10/head for some quality Med food. The Shish Kebab plate is my favorite, served with hummus / side salad / buttery delicious rice / and meat. After devouring, I love how you never leave disgustingly full but just overly satisfied!
I work in an office near here, so my co-workers and I hit it pretty regularly. They are always doing a TON of takeout/delivery business whenever I'm in there, so it's obvious that people working in downtown Ann Arbor love it. Big positive: the service is usually friendly and quick. 

I find the food and the prices to be fair-to-middlin', though. I've had the tuna pita wrap here, which was OK, but nothing special. The fries are good, but you do pay for them- quite a bit more than fast food fries will cost you. I've also had the egg and bagel breakfast sandwich, and you could tell they fry the egg as you order, unlike fast-food places which have scrambled egg patties that they freeze and then nuke before serving.
I got stuck on this place when I was working in Kendall Square at what could be the worst job ever.  Okay, I overstate but still, I remember the happiness that this place brought to the blight that was my office.

I worked with a bunch of folk from saudi arabia, israel, bahrain, etc. and they were all huge fans of this place (ordering in other languages and whatnot) so I figured it had to be good.  

I agree with some of the other reviewers that it is a tad pricey however, if you know what you're doing it isn't so bad.  You can easily split a schwarma plate with another person and even with sodas and a side of of falafel it still only comes to like $16 total ($8 each).

 I have long since left my crappy job behind but I still come to Kendall Square for Aceituna.  I don't know what it is but I LOVE their chicken schwarma.  Plus, they're pretty easygoing about making it how I like it (half hummus/half garlic sauce; half spicy potatoes/half rice).
Find yourself between classes with a rumble in your tumtum but  you only have $5?  It's cool, just head over to Cedar's to-go window and grab a Falafel, or my fave - rice and lentil sandwich.  It's the best deal, quick, and you can buy it knowing you are supporting a business that has been there forever and is family run by awesome people who are really nice.  

Beware; if you ask to make it spicy, you will get a pile of raw garlic which is yummy but not so good if you have to go back to school and be within a couple feet of others.  But DO ask to pile on all the other sauces, like hummus and babaganush and tahini.  Best bang for your buck!
Yeah, wasn't impressed at all.

I had the chicken shawerma... and it was terrible.  Greasy is the only thing that comes to mind.

The restaurant was clean, and the service was good.
This is a great place if you have kids - very child friendly and comfortable for a family night out.  Quick and courteous service makes it a very pleasant, affordable and just plain yummy  place to eat.
ABSOLUTELY the best fallafel I've ever had!!!  And I've eaten fallafel all over the U.S. & Canada, though sadly I'm not sure how to spell the word and neither is my computer!  JG has the best prices too, though they've gone up a lot in the past ten years.  fatoosh = excellent...baba ganoush = excellent, lentil soup = excellent!  Man, I'm making myself hungry!  Need to eat there this week.  It's been a couple of months.
I used to work at Genzyme for years, and this place was always a welcome change from the cafeteria.

I admittedly have only ever had the falafel wrap, but it is hands down the best one i've had in the boston area. Good flavor and texture, plus the veggies they throw in there are yummy. I usually get them to add hot sauce as well- yum!

I am not sure why so many people complain about the price, my wrap is $4.95, add about a dollar if I get a can of soda.
Food is incredible. 
Staff is minimal. The cashier is a gentleman and friendly.
Excellent price for the amount and quality of food you're getting. 

My favorites: Falafel, steak and lamb (in that order) PLATES. The rice is like stove-top (reminds me of out of a box), the little salad and dressing is gives just enough zest. Hummus is not over baring and goes well with their light garlic spread.
Habibi Cafe is good, if you want to feel like an infant again.  In the literal sense, a friend and I both sat in this place, stripped of our complex humanity and rendered into something more simple, more primitive.  To get the attention of the waiters, we had to scream.  To talk to one another, we had to yell until our lungs ran out of breath.  To just get some damn service, and be treated like a regular human being, we had to throw a tantrum.

Being a non-Middle Eastern and all, we were thrown into the corner (next to the noise-machine, the speakers).  We asked if we could sit outside.  But, of course, I am nothing but a little shit to him, so surprisingly he takes us further inside (and even in a more uncomfortable setting).  Sir manager-god, thank you for belittling my request, and protecting your business, for you do not want our ugly oriental image to taint the atmosphere of this wretched place.

By the way, the hookah here is terrible--it only lasts for 45 minutes.  You might as well scrounge around a used ashtray and smoke whatever pieces of tobacco you can, because I am sure that Habibi's Cafe will not taste as good.

Overall, this place is good if you want to be stripped of your essential humanness.  Besides that, I will never ever visit this place again.  I suggest you do not either.
I like this venue alot.

The food is good, and even my picky vegetarian brother can find something here and like it.

This place gets good bands, and it has a really awesome atmosphere thats different than alot of other venues ive been to.
In the food desert that is Kendall Square, Aceituna might very well be 4 stars. The food is fresh, hot and the portions are way oversized (though the price is pretty rough at 10 bucks a plate -- but you can easily save the leftovers until the next day.) I'm not a huge fan of the Falafel here, tastes a little like Ramen, but damn -- the kabobs and shwarma really make my belly, deprived of delicious lunch eats (because Kendall Square blows) very very happy.

There is plenty of seating (inside & outside) not far from the Kendall T, but I don't picture you coming here unless you're looking for lunch eats. Though, they do pretty good for themselves (they're not far from Lechemere if you need other options) and they're right across the street from Genzeyme. 

The hummus is quite tasty here, I only wish their pita was a little thicker but their Orzo & Schwarma totally make up for it, as well as their grape leaves. Yum!
One of the better falafel sandwiches I've had in Seattle. Good prices, expansive menu and super friendly service. A very well run business.
Garlic sauce, garlic sauce...yum! the chicken there isn't always consistent, sometimes you get a dry chicken which requires at least 2 tubs of garlic sauce and sometimes you will get a moist delicious chicken which is mouth watering. 

i gave this place a 3 star instead of 4 because of you never know if you get a good chicken or not.
I've been eating at this place for years and I never wanna stop.  I am loathe to move away from Seattle in part because of the food.  Aladdin Falafel Corner is one of those restaurants I could not bear to be without.  I've been bugging the owner for years to open a location in West Seattle.  

You see, I drive all the way from my home in West Seattle *just* to get a gyro.  Nobody makes 'em quite like Ali does.  Imagine a tasty combination of beef and lamb (cut off one of those awesome rotating grill spits) lovingly grilled, then sprinkled with an exotically spiced seasoning powder of mysterious content.  Place said meat upon a fresh, warm pit.  Add the best tzatziki sauce known to mankind (don't forget extra for dipping fries) and fresh onions, lettuce & tomato.  MMM-MM good!

If you are vegitarian (or a falafel lover in search of these deep-fried delights) be sure to try the falafel sandwich.  Fresh falafel balls made to order sit atop a bed of veggies drizzled with mild tahini on a nice fresh pita.  

My friend's picky 4-yr-old son loves the falafel without the pita.  Though this isn't the best place for kids (it can get incredibly cramped when it's busy), your kids will eat here happily.

I also need to mention the babaganoush - it's the best I've ever had.  It's less smokey tasting than most, very creamy, too.  The hummus is mild and tasty.  I'm not too keen on the fried veggies.  They're just not my thing I guess.  The soup is delicious - especially when they remember to finish it with lemon and olive oil.

Grab a Vimto or an Arabic coffee if you like trying beverages from other countries.

This tiny place gets very crowded at peak meal times.  SIt at the counter so you don't get a faceful of buttocks while you eat.  ;)  Prices are great - definitely excellent value for your hard-earned cash.  Where else can you get such a satifying meal with a drink for about $5-6?  The staff are typically cheerful and friendly, though the language barrier can be a bummer sometimes.
The food is so fresh here and there is always a line out the door at lunch.  Even with the line out the door, the line moves so quickly. The staff and owner is super friendly.
I eat here once a week. Great food with excellent value
Best chicken ever. Even better since they started doing kabobs. Don't forget the garlic sauce.
I tend to write more about places that are really bad so people won't get sucked into them, but I do want to say rah rah to businesses that are really good to visit. 

So here I go, write some positive reviews. 
One of my favorite places is this East Side Pockets. 
First, I noticed long line of patient people waiting for their turn to order, sometimes they stand outside.... but the service is very speedy and friendly, super efficient, it just gets endless customers coming in. 
Second, cooking area, which you can see from the ordering counter, is so clean, as well as the small dining area. 
And of course they serve fantastic, quick but delicious food with fresh ingredients and just off the grill meat. 
People there are so very friendly. 

I love finding small businesses like this that care a lot about the services and customers. Love it. 

Very inexpensive, great food.
I knew what was coming when I loaded my $5.25 baked-to-order chicken wowhsi pita with heaps of red onion, tomato cilantro relish, shredded cabbage, and tahini sauce from the condiments bar at Bella Pita last Friday. 

I knew what was coming when I bit into the tender, warm pita that somehow managed to remain intact throughout the entire 15 minutes I spent noshing on it as I sat on one of the three barstools in the grab-and-go eatery. 

And I knew what was coming when I decided to screw the 80% full rule and finish the whole thing -- even the stray bits of onion and cabbage that had fallen into the crevice of my wrapper. 

For the next six+ hours, I was in for a serious case of stinky onion breath and stinky onion hands. (Possibly stinky feta breath as well, since I opted to tag that onto my order for an extra 75 cents.) 

As the afternoon dragged by in the fashion that most Friday afternoons do (ie. really really slowly), my mouth remained a sarcophagus of deadly fumes. It was just as bad as I thought it would be, and I spent the rest of the day avoiding conversations with my coworkers (which coincidentally is not all that atypical from any other day).

I should have been upset.  I should have been disgusted.  I should have been turned off from pitas forever! 

Instead, I couldn't stop thinking about how much I wanted to go back for another one.  With just as many onions!  And maybe a Mexican Coke too.
So I know that this place could be considered a Cambridge institution by some people. It shouldn't be. I grew up in Central Square and know a great local place when I experience one. This ain't it. It's great that they're open late, and that prices are cheap, but none of this matters if the food and the service sucks, which it does. 

First off, the guy at the register seemed as though he wanted to be anywhere but there. He took my order while texting on his phone, and seemed to not even be listening. He wasn't. I asked for no pickles and tomatoes on my falafel. He laughed at me but then put his hand out to collect my money. Wow. Then he went back to his texting. I would say that the only thing that's good about this place is that I got my wrap quickly. But when I got home, and started to eat it, I discovered that both of the things that I asked to not have in the wrap, were tucked in there with all the other stuff. So obviously getting someone's order correct, is not a priority at this place. I understand that mistakes happen, but given the overall demeanor of the guy taking my order, I can only assume that they just don't care whether or not their customers get what they ordered. 

This brings me to the actual food. Often times, the shortcomings in service, etc. can be forgiven and often times don't even matter if the food is great. However the food here is sub-par at best. The falafel itself was almost tasteless and the lettuce was wilted and brown. If anyone thinks that this place has the best falafel in town, they obviously have not  been to places like Rami's over in Brookline. 

Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I worked in the food industry for almost ten years as a waiter, cook, host, etc. so I understand the business and realize that it's not an easy job, and I think I tend to be pretty understanding and more than forgiving about most things. However in my mind, this place has no excuse. Services is horrible, and the food is crappy. Don't waste your money here. Go elsewhere.
Terrific Middle Eastern in the heart of Troy's antique district. Now a personal favorite.

I've passed by the Marmora Cafe on a number of occasions, but didn't stop in until today. It's positioned in a storefront along River Street in the Antique District of Troy. Very cute little area with a ton of exciting and fairly priced jewels. The Marmora Cafe is really the only restaurant along that road and it always smelled delicious, but was never open on Sundays when I would visit the shops.

My husband and I took a gamble and walked to it today. Strangely, they were open and you could smell the aroma from a block away. It's very small inside, but cute, like a cafe built for just five tables of two or three people each. The owner was watching football, but quickly welcomed us and said he was out of falafel though the rest of the menu items were available. He was very nice and when we trying to decide between the three varieties of hummus suggested he split it for us - classic and the red pepper (they also have a tomato basil) for $5.99. We also ordered gyros, my husband had the steak $6.99 and I chose the twin with steak and chicken $8.99.

We grabbed drinks from the cooler and sat down. I should note they serve beer and wine and also have a variety of coffee and tea drinks. They can make cappuccinos, lattes and frozen drinks, too. They went out of their way to make it a very accommodating and cute spot. I think they've gone a little overboard with the Egyptian decorations, but it lends itself to an intimate feel (just ignore the price tags on the statues).

The hummus arrived quickly and was a big portion with half classic and half red pepper, pine nuts, olive oil and an olive. Our pita options were split as well - cripsy pita points with seasoning and warm soft pita triangles. We'd barely made a dent in the hummus when our gyros arrived and they were huge. I didn't realize the twin meant two full size gyros rather than half and half! Our gyros hit the spot -- delicious, tender meat, fresh tomatoes, crisp cucumbers and a dill/sour cream sauce that complemented everything perfectly. We're pretty picky eaters, but the flavors worked great together. Each plate also came with a small pickle, a peeled tangerine and chips. Needless to say, we didn't finish everything and took what we couldn't eat home. 

If you have room, they have a case with classic middle eastern desserts that looked quite good including baklava and cookies. Other items on the menu - grape leaves, salads, Baba Ganoush, falafels, soup, etc. I'm definitely going back to try the falafels.

When my husband went to pay, he asked the owner why the sign said closed on Sundays. He explained that they weren't doing well and he wanted to be open as much as possible just in case anyone stopped by. Well, he got us and I can't wait to go back. If you're in Troy and haven't gone to the Marmora Cafe, check it out before it's too late, very cute, hospitable and delicious, I wish every local restaurant had this kind of service.
The place was pretty packed even though I went a little after lunch hour (2pm on a Sat).  The food I thought was a little above average in taste but I've definitely had better.  The servings were very generous.  I ordered the 1/4 white meat chicken plate which came w/ a large serving of hummus on the side and a lot of pita bread (4) for just a single order.  I also ordered as appetizer the mutabal (looks like hummus but it's eggplant w/ spices) not knowing how large my entree was gonna be.  The hummus was delicious, the mutabal...not so much.  Maybe it's suppose to taste very bland, but too boring for my buds.   
I've adjusted to LA and its many restaurants and shops that welcome ATM and credit.  At this place, bring cash or you'll be taking money out of the ATM machine that charges $2/transaction.
first in line of many; ordered
14 people afterwards got their food, fast
after inquiring about our order, a hermetically-sealed bag was pulled from behind the counter with cold shawarma, turkish coffee and warm cucumber salad
couldn't even rectify in english, as the 3 employees only spoke spanish
A really cute place with the possibility of outdoor seating on the 2nd floor. The food was amazing (the combination salad platter was cheap, huge and delicious); they have a great variety of juices and teas, and have recently started serving beer and wine. They just get everything right here.
The IE has Juan Pollo and L.A. has Zankou, a battle royale of roasted chicken. 
Zankou's chicken is bigger and prices hefty then said counterpart. Two separate and completely different flavor profiles going on so each really stands on its own. 
So if its a mediterranean twist your seeking, go with these guys. 

They've perfected whole roasted chicken. Everything is good here. Their shwarma, kebabs, and even their roasted chicken. They could stand afloat on this item alone. Lines can get long but they're bearable. This particular location hasn't changed a bit and stays true to its original decor and vibe; laminated booths, framed articles and other photos of zankou locations.

I'd suggest a whole chicken (ask for one that's roasted a little longer for that crisp, crunchy, flavored skin) for dinner complete with a pack of pita bread. Order a side of tabouli and hummus while your at it and don't forget the garlic spread!
Rendez-Vous gets 3 stars from me cause I just can't decide if I love it or hate it. Every time I go, I say I'll never go back, and then I end up going back cause it's close to work...

Their food is pretty good. I've had the chicken salad wrap a couple times, the spinach pie, and and another couple of sandwiches. I've not had any problems with the food.

However, the service is almost always lacking. Last time I went, they made everyone else's order that I was with, and forgot about mine so I was waiting forever to get my food. Today, I called ahead to hopefully solve that problem. They told me it would be just a couple of minutes, so when I went over 5-10 minutes later, I was sure I could pick it up and leave. Nope, they hadn't even started it.
E.S.P. Falafel is one of the finest foods Providence has to offer... period.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Well, probably something like "fudgetastic" or "pugilicious," but as neither word describes Moody's I probably shouldn't.  

Instead, I'll say words like "delightful," "tasty," and "inexpensive."  Also, "vegetarian-friendly" and "stern-but-well-meaning cashier lady."

Try the hummus falafel.  You won't be disappointed.
Great food.  The aforementioned ambience issues apply, but the wait service was balanced for my visit.  The place was just over half-full, so that helped.

I had the quail dish, and it is very good.  You actually don't have to pick out the bones - I ate it European style, aka I crunched down the smaller bones along with the meat, and only picked out the backbone and drumstick.  Someone won't need calcium supplements.

My friend/dinner partner had the mixed grill set.  It was delicious - myself, I would probably have felt like the price was a bit steep for the amount of meat (it was generous but for the price, could have been better).  This was offset by their giving him a very generous serving of hummus with it.

The prices are very fair.  The portions are very generous.  The wait staff is friendly if a little disorganized occasionally.  I have no complaints, and highly recommend this place.  Now if they could source some pigeon...
This place almost contradicted itself to a 3 star rating.  The food is satisfying, but greasy.  The atmosphere is cute, but the service is awful.  Normally, that'd be 2 stars, but the low prices place it back in the 3 star camp.

... and then the holes in the floor, long wait, sour owner, and sauna-like climate yank it back to ** land.
I went by Wrapro last night on a hankering for a falafel sandwich. When I saw all the ingredients laid out next to the register just so, I had a quick flash of hope that this would be the Anna's Taqueria of falafel: fast, delicious, interactively prepared sandwiches for short money.

In fact, the ingredients are just there in front of you to trick you into thinking just that. Drat. Verdict? It was 3 stars okay. The sandwiches weren't as well prepared (and yummily grilled) like the awesome falafel sandwiches at the Falafal Palace, but it was a serviceable sandwich for under five dollars.

I'd go back if I had a hankering for falafel but didn't want to travel to Central.
Good place for a quick Mediterranean bite to eat.

When I went I got a kabob, which was really good.  Personally I put it on the level of Daphne's but with a little more Mom and Pop flair and flavour.  This is definitely my #2 choice for a quick bite in the village.
The falafels at Sunshine Deli are perfect - golden brown, good-sized and well-done. Mmmmm...I used to buy 3 or 4 and eat them out of the paper bag.  The falafel plate, which comes with hummus, tabbouli, dolmas, and picked radishes, is also delicious or if you need something more portable, the wraps are great. I don't eat meat, so I've never tried the shawarmas, but meat-eating companions have attested to their tastiness.  

This is an ideal lunch place, centrally located on Bancroft, right across Eschelman Hall. Get your falafel plate, wrap, or paper sack to go, sit on the benches in Lower Sproul, and watch people practice the Soulja Boy dance. Good times.

I haven't been back to this place in a while, but by god, I hope it still stands. Before Sunshine Deli, this used to be a boba spot. Oh, the fickle palates of the Cal populace.
Had the eggs florentine. Came on a bagel without warning, which was pretty bad. Veggies that came with it tasted off.  A friend ordered tea and got Lipton even though decent teas were available.  Service was slow and unfriendly.

Certainly not expensive but not cheap enough to justify being a bad brunch place.
Without a doubt, the best lamb shawarma and falafel sandwiches we've ever eaten. The prices are good and the owners are very friendly and warm. Each time we've been there, they greet us with a smile, and the smile stays on while we're there and when we're leaving. Each and every time. We also notice how consistent they've been with the quality of their food. 

The interiors are clean, there's quaint, comfortable wooden benches on the side all along the wall with a wall mounted tv that always seems to have Arabic channels on, something that adds to the feeling of being in a place that isn't pretentious. 

Each time we've been around University District, we try and grab food from here. I just wish that I could carry this place along to whichever city I ever move to in the future..
Awesome bread!!!The coffee was strong and yummy. I had the feta, spinach, sausage omelette  and it was filled and perfect. The  homefries were well seasoned. All around great breakfast!! We almost went to Sunny's but it smelled like amoxicillin. Yuk! Then we walked to Flour but the line was so long and no where to sit.  This place has a Mediterranean charm and is definitely worth a try. I would take it over Sunny's any day.
Pros:  Shawarma sandwich was decent.  Kefta Kabob meat was not bad (ordered Kefta Kabob plate).
  
Cons: Ambiance.  Plate of the day was not that great (the day I went in at least).  Rest of food being mediocre.  

Passed by this place every day, went in to check it out at the suggestion of a friend.  Though I had friends who went there often, I didn't go back, and don't really plan to.
Went back here the other day and got the regular falafel (4.99). Really delicious, cheap, and filling! It consisted of four huge falafels divided between two halves of a pita bread with pickled red cabbage, lettuce, and a really nice creamy hummus spread. The falafels were perfectly crunchy and meaty in taste and texture... I've been eating a lot of Falala-fels which are ultra tasty but they just don't have sunrise deli's texture. 

I also noticed that they've started wearing gloves when handling my falafels =D.
Back in '89, a Saudi doctor introduced me to Zankou Chicken (the original Hollywood location). Apparently whenever he visited his family in the states this is one of the place that he'd come for food. I was lucky enough to joined the family for lunch so therefore that was my initial introduction to Zankou. Since then and throughout the years my love for Middle-Eastern food has broaden quite a bit. Zankou Chicken is not your ideal typical Mid-East type restaurant, as a matter of fact most people I knew compared it to El Pollo Loco, except Mediterranean style...and better! Don't get me wrong, I love El Pollo Loco but every now and then you gotta put something a little more exotic in your mouth, and thank goodness there's one just blocks away from where I live!

This is a great place to get wraps, whether it be chicken, beef or just plain 'vegetarian' Falafel. But if you have a bigger appetite (like me), their signature roasted Half-Chicken is awesome. It comes with the usual Garlic Tahini and Hummus for spreads, along with Pita breads to wrap. Although Zankou is known for their chicken, I tend to lean towards the Beef Shawerma plate whenever I visit. You just can't go wrong with those charred tri-tip steaks when smothered with the amazing hummus and wrapped under a soft hot pita bread - one hand holding the wrapped pita and the other holding a hot chili alternating in your mouth...drool!
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN FOOD I HAVE EVER TASTED!!! I miss this place so much. I used to work across the street and I would try to stop by at least once a week. Their beef Kabob's are delicious. Their combo plates are under $9.Their service is super fast.  I have tried many places in the south bay and none compare, and on top of that they charge DOUBLE.
My friend and I went to the ZuZu bar for the first time tonight and the experience was horrible.  The bread basket had 2 ants crawling in it and when I told the waiter she said oh and I said can we have another basket of bread...did she think we were going to eat the rest.  Then our appetizers came out over cooked and dried out.  I order the lamb chops but they were not chops but the inner cut.  I ordered them cooked medium and they came well done and tough.  Our waitress never came back to asked how was our food or did we want a refill on our drinks.  In fact she avoided all eye contact when passing our table while twirling her hair. Oh, and my food had 1 ant that I saw crawling on the basil or spinach, my appetite was shot at this point and I was disgusted.  What really got me upset and to the point of no return was when our inattentive waitress had a nerve to come over to us while we were still eating our dinner and mid conversation with each other to tell NOT ask us  to settle our tab because she was leaving and changing shifts, my jaw dropped!  I wanted to say are you speaking to us the folks you ignored most of the night but now you want to acknowledge us to pay our bill now to ensure you get your tip, freaking really!!!!!! Needless, to say, I was extremely disappointed with the service, food, and lack of customer service especially since we traveled a hour to eat at this restaurant.  Don't see myself returning or recommending to friends or colleagues at the firm.
I have been coming here literally every year for the past three years for my birthday for one simple reason: the Zuzu Platter. You want to fill up eight to ten hungry girls for not too much moolah? Get two of those with some cocktails, and you are good to go.. So, once you wait a bit (and last year, I do remember waiting a hugely long time, thus the one-star deduction), here is the best bite you will ever place in your mouth: take a piece of their spicy crunchy pita, smear on (in this order) hummus, whipped garlic, olive paste, then dab on a teensy bit of the fiery harissa, and then prepare to make completely inappropriate faces. 

I'm going for my birthday dinner tonight actually, and my mouth is totally watering. Nom nom nom. For realizies though, I look forward to my birthday dinner here every year, and Lisa, the flame-haired grand poobah, has never been anything less than amazing. Go, experience, and if you eat dinner here, then you get to avoid all of those damn hipsters with their skinny jeans and ironic glasses.
It was my Kismet (means destiny) to find this restaurant. Lamb Gyros are amazing and it's addiction takes me there quite often.  Irrespective of the crowd situation, it takes 20 min. to have it done, always wondered why. Ambience's and people watching make the wait worthwhile.
So I've been to Merzi in penn quarter (DC) and liked how they did the indian-halal-chipotle.  I came here after seeing a blog posting about this place and was greeting by the owner who was happy to show our party of 6 what he had to offer. Although this place wasn't as fancy as Merzi, it did have a similar idea, albeit more "cheesy." 

Krazi Kabob isn't a kabob place by any means. Instead, the use the idea of Chipotle but focus more on paki-mex by using ingredients such as tandoori chicken on nachos. 

While presentation isn't one of their strong suits, the customer service is. The owner even told us not too order too much as they had large portions. The food was also just as wonderful and having the owner make us chai was icing on the cake---or chutney on the samosa!
Soul-le-lu-jah!!

Dancing? Soul music? ...mixed dranks? 

--It's the best version of 'crowded.'
--It's a cover worth paying. 
--It's music that doesn't make you wanna poke out your own eyeballs and feed them to Miley Cyrus.

Basically. Get yo' dance on and prepare for the best Saturday night everrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Worth it.  The wowshi probably has the best value, and make sure to stock up on the salad/topping/sauces bar.  
A little difficult to not get messy, but scrumptious nonetheless.
This is a cafe after my heart, I swear.

I may like it so much because it reminds of me Cafe Regio in the village in Manhattan, with its light menu, extensive coffee drinks and hodge podge the vintage decor. There is something so endearing about a buzzing, stress free, sort of haphazard and nonchalant cafe experience. The waitresses are attentive enough, getting you the tea-coffee-food like you order, but they aren't over bearing. They aren't here to dote on you. This is a no frills kind of place. Grab menus, head up stairs to the domed seating area, and linger. They don't mind if you just order a tea. They will refill your hot water from time to time too. Or come with more people and feast on relatively inexpensive dishes. You can stay for as long or as little as you want. 

Since our cafe/coffee culture is now so focused on fast food these days, with starbucks just like McDonalds in green and black colors, I enjoy Algiers Coffee House exactly because it is what it is: a not so serious true coffee house.
I like Mediterranean food a lot but I was not a fan of ZuZu. I got the veggie Puu puu platter and it was over priced for what I got. I know I could make better hummus at home and the grape leaves were some of the worst I had ever had. The whipped garlic was too intense and i love garlic.  We went of a late dinner at 9pm (had a reservation!) and before I was done eating they took my plate away- mid bite, I'm not even kidding- I had a piece of bread in my hand with dip on it and then bam- they took my plate with food on it from under me. At first I was in shock and didn't say anything- just turned and looked at the guy who was half way across the restaurant. I would have made a big deal about it, but it was my gf's birthday and we were out with a bunch of friends and I didn't want to make a scene- I'll just never go back. (I guess they were getting ready for some live music to start and needed us out- but if your going to take a 10 person reservation for 9pm make damn sure you have time to feed your guests!)
It's a Palace. (What if it was actually a palace, constructed OF falafel? I'd give it five stars.)

I went to Moody's for the first time last week. I had the vegetarian combo plate. I wouldn't get it again, but I would definitely try other things.  The baba ganoush was really strange--very sweet and a different texture than I am used to. The falafel was good, not too dry. I forgot that I don't like tabouleh, so I can't really say anything about that. It was a ton of food, and it was really inexpensive.  

I was in there on a Sunday night around 7.30 and it took about 15 minutes to get the food, to go.  It was packed and there were people waiting before me that were still there when I left. I'm not sure if I'd wait  MORE than 15 minutes for this food...unless I was starving.

Also, its location in zany old Central Square provides free entertainment-- like the couple fighting about whether or not they had to go back to the Police Station, or the hipsters in their strange clothes, or men of ambiguous nationality in ornate shoes. Always fun.

I also appreciate Moody's embracing of Yelp!
My dad tells me stories about how he used to come here and get brunch/lunch while at work back in the good old days...

Dad: ... when food didn't cost as much, ya know?

Me: Well, it's still fairly inexpensive to eat there...

Dad: When I was going there it cost two-fifty for all eight of us to stuff ourselves! (or something equally outrageous)

I pity anybody who has to listen to this conversation every time we pass this place. But with him, it's like one of those 'fishing stories' the food gets cheaper and cheaper every time we talk about it. This is, however the same man who tried to only give my sister and I fifty-cent allowances FOREVER. Thrifty doesn't even cut it. 

The food is average. The place is kinda tight quarters. It's also weird if you are from Cambridge cause then you are somehow obligated to interrupt your eating or somebody else's by saying hi and asking how everybody is, ecc. It's a greasy spoon, a cramped, often too warm spoon that is definitely historically significant, yet most of the time when I think of where to eat ... this place doesn't jump out at me.
Hands down the best falafel and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) in Providence and beyond! PLUS they understand what VEGAN is!!! So when you order just say "dairy free" and they get it, which is awesome. Also this place is C-H-E-A-P!!!! And the Falafel wraps are HUGE. I just seriously love this place and I've eaten falafel in like 30 different states and a few different countries. Go there now.
Awesome place to hit up when you're Jaleel-in' for something lighter than your average Westwood lunch. It's a crying shame I've gone nearly four years in Westwood without discovering this place. It really is hard to find though, tucked into a small storefront in that no man's land between In N Out and those outdoor counter places. 

I had the falafel and it was made after I ordered it. The pita bread was warm and soft, but substantial enough to hold all the goodness inside without bursting. For $0.75 I added kalamata olives, and put a healthy helping of vegetables inside from the vegetable bar. For around $5 I was very satisfied. 

Be aware that seating is very limited. There is a bar along the window with four stools. As long as it's not terribly busy, there seemed to be enough liquidity of patrons to get a seat by the time your pita is ready.
I really like how efficient this place is... don't worry if the line is long it won't take long. Their pita chips are delicious and so are their grape leaves. Yum! There is a reason why it's busy... and has lasted on Thayer St. IT IS GOOD. 

Street parking only. A couple seats outside,  does have inside seating.

If you like a lil hummus in your life this is your kinda place.
I worked in Ali Baba in college, and it set the gold standard for middle eastern food for me. Every place I go I compare to Ali Baba, and everywhere falls short. I mean everywhere.

I mean, sure, I only worked there for three weeks before I broke my ankle and realized waiting tables would have to well, wait, and sure, the kitchen staff doesn't necessarily have a western standard of respect for women, but man, they can cook some amazing food and they give you huge portions. And when you're in college, one enormous free meal every day goes a very long way. 

Their hummous is unmatched. Their baba is unmatched. I have never found mohomara anywhere else. I could go on.

Its really good, and they have a ton of vegan food, but also great food for meat eaters. Just go already.
I went here the other day because the Mediterranean Deli a couple doors down was closed temporarily. What first caught my attention was the decor. The ambiance in the restaurant is very nice. We ordered the hummus appetizer and it was amazing. The drinks were also very good! For the main meal, I got a salad and it was just ok. However, my girlfriend got the lamb and her dish was very good. We got the baklava for dessert and I think it might be the best baklava I've ever had.
Samir might be one of my favorite people in the entire world. 

I remember when he was first opening up his shop a few years back and he was still in the process from converting it from a sub shop to what he has now. He completely changed the layout and the floor plan, so you can even order your food from the window on a nice day. As the owner, he makes all of the food himself with the occasional help of his wife/sons. To me, he makes hands down makes the best falafel and chicken sandwiches I have ever had. He has fine-tuned and mastered the art of Mediterranean food and pita making and his Chicken and Gyro plates are simply to die for. I swear to god we would come here everyday back in the day and then when we moved at least once a week. I still stop by when I am on the Ave to visit and eat but wish I could come more. 

THE BEST FOUR DOLLARS YOU COULD EVER SPEND ON THE AVE. Its in caps for a reason, people.
Zankou is a model of tasty consistency.  Pretty much everything on the menu is good.  The garlic chicken is the absolute best I have tasted in my life.  It tastes better when it's hot, and it's still good when it's cold or reheat.  It's just not crispy after the initial 5-10 minutes.  And don't forget the garlic sauce.  They always give a more than adequate supply of pita bread too.

The tri-tip plate is another one of my favorites here.  All of the plates aside from the quarter chicken have more food than I can finish.  They aren't stingy on the portions at this place at all.

You just cannot go wrong with Zankou.  This particular location in Pasadena is one of the older ones, but it has never let me down.
The best fresh "fast-food" in SoCal.  Very good quality chicken, they never serve fatty rubbish.  Chicken plate is a perfect size if you're hungry and the owner and his son are very friendly.
Decent hookah bar. I love the atmosphere and the crowd. Food is a little pricey from what I saw on the menu, I ordered pita bread and hummus, which tasted average (I like the way Lebanese make it better)  but the hookah is good. Middle-Eastern music plays, corresponding with the theme of the restaurant. Best part- open til 4 AM. No alcohol though is a major drawback. : (
What a restaurant!  Find a seat and prepare to be wowed!  These folks can't do enough for you.   The food is fantastic!  The waiter is friendly and explains what each dish is.  After having savored every morsel, I wondered why I hadn't noticed them when walking by.

My only suggestion would be to put a sign in the window shouting out what kind of restaurant it is.  The large sign over the door goes unnoticed as no one looks up when passing by.

Bravo!  We will return.
Their chicken and beef shawerma is really good. My favorite dish is "The Works" with added chicken or beef. You get some salad and from protein in your system. I've been there quiet a few times and I still like it.
a haiku:

My dear PKG
I'd sacrifice my firstborn
Just for your hummus
I finally gave this place a try after listening to a friend talk it up for months. I had tickets to an orchestra on campus and i needed something quick. A wonderful staff greeted me with a smile and that was a great start to a delicious meal. I had the steak nachos and every bite was simply flavorful. I'm now a fan and i plan on going back when i'm in the area for an event or my next ikea outing.
Spicy spicy hot sauce, burns in just the right way!  It's a bit of a train wreck with me; getting tahini sauce everywhere and teary eyed from hot sauce misuse ... but it's so delicious and so worth it.

Unlike some places, the lamb shawarma actually tastes like lamb ... they don't seem to mix it with beef, so Moody's maintains the succulent gamey flavor.

The Falafel is quite good too, especially right out of the fryer ... dipped in tahini and hot sauce.

It's also convenient that they are open until 3 AM Thurs - Sat ... I can stumble in here late at night after imbibing and get food I really enjoy.
I'm a huge falafel person, but given the prices and the college neighborhood I wasn't expecting the quality of the food to be life changing. I mean, where else can you get 6 falafels and a full pita for $4.00? The counter guy was sweet and took time to explain the menu options to me since it was my first time there. I'll go back if I'm in the neighborhood and looking for a really cheap, full meal. A-OK.
Fresh and delicious! We ordered the veggie combo plate and a tabbouleh salad, and it was more than enough for three people. The tabbouleh was light on bulghur with lots of parsley--very refreshing on a hot day. Definitely think of sharing any of the plates that come with rice and beans--they really give you a mountain of them. The deep fried pita chips were a nice touch.
When I want a lunch that is filling, delicious, and ethnic tasting, I go to this food truck located near the corner of 38th and Walnut Street.  Everything is homemade and prepared fresh daily.

For the price, this food truck can't be beat.  I normally get the grilled chicken with grape leaves platter for my lunch.  With this comes a full sized pita bread, tabbouleh, hummus, Tzatziki, yellow rice and lentil rice.  You have the option of onions and hot sauce.  This is all for $5.25.

They have a grill in the truck to heat up whatever you order.

I can't do the menu justice here, but they have vegetarian and meat dishes and many small items which you can purchase.  Prices range from $1.00 to $5.25.

They cater and will take orders over the phone for fast pick-up.  They run from 11 AM to around 5 PM, M-F (even though their menu is listed as 8 PM).  In one order, if you order 9 platters, the 10th is free!
Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh!  THAT's what a falafel wrap is supposed to taste like!!!
This place is soo expensive for what you get! Everything is a la carte and there is mandatory 15-20% tip ?!
I've never eaten at this place before, so I'll be reviewing it as a concert venue specifically.

This is pretty much where you want to go to catch a concert, either upstairs or down. Granted, it's a very different experience from one to the other, but I don't think I've ever left the Middle East unsatisfied with the whole experience.

Tickets are very reasonably priced, usually around 15-20 bucks, if not less, and it's real easy to get to, so you can usually hit up the box office directly and avoid convenience charges. This saves up money for the fairly-priced beer that you'll seldom have to wait in line for and served by a guy who's more than likely to call you "man."

The Middle East gets a wide variety of shows, running the gamut from local darlings, to hardcore thrash metal, tp indie mainstays, to bloggable buzzbands. Just check out the schedule, and I guarantee in any given month you'll find a band that will pique your interest.

If you're easily rattled you may want to bring earplugs when going upstairs: it's quite small, and as a result is LOUD. There's nowhere for the sound to go except directly into your skull, and you'll probably leave with ears ringing if unprepared. On the other side of the token, though, the most intimate shows I've ever been to have been upstairs. The performers almost always connect with the audience simply through close proximity, and usually end up playing better as a result.

The Downstairs is pretty big, just a bit larger than the Paradise, with a bar on either side. They usually get the bigger names to play there. The sound travels very nicely down there, reverberating through the entire hall. It's not as easy as Upstairs to see the bands, especially if you're caught further back, but honestly, it doesn't really matter that much where you're standing, so long as you keep your distance from the chatty bar folks. Definitely check out the Middle East if you're ever in the mood for a few drinks and some great music.
Not cheap?  How can you beat $4.50 for a pita stuffed to the brim with falafel, condiments, and sauces?  Plus they have Mexican Coca Cola (No High-Fructose Corn Syrup) and Martinelli's apple cider.

That is all I have to say.
I ordered a falafel wrap with baba ghounnoush (sp?) for an extra 75 cents. Not only was there no baba gnounnoush in the wrap, but I found what looked and tasted like small pebbles in the wrap (small, hard, grey/black chunks that crunched against my teeth unpleasantly). My dining partner urged me to tell the staff, but when I showed the guy behind the counter one of the larger chunks, he said, that's just beans. Hard beans? I asked, disbelievingly. Yes, he said, giving me a look like I was stupid, sometimes beans are just very hard. 
Unless I am just very ignorant, I am pretty sure that the chickpeas in falafel do not (or should not!) resemble rocks. Or maybe I just didn't know that the main ingredient in baba ghounnoush is gravel. Either way, he didn't offer my money back or a new wrap, or even apologize. 
Apart from the landscape in my dinner, the falafel itself was mealy, dry, and tasteless, and the wrap was cold and stiff like cheap cardboard.
Finally College Park has a hip, clean, indian halal place!  For years on-campus Muslims had to settle for Food Factory or trek to Pizza Roma to get some halal grub.  Fortunately for their business, the owners of Krazi Kebob thought up a concept that would appeal to more than this crowd though, I can't see anyone being disappointed in the food Krazi Kebob has to offer.

As others have said, think Chipotle but desi.  Actually, think Merzi but done right.   Fresh naan, flavorful ingredients, and filling proportions.  The line is kind of slow, but tasting the buritto/naanwich/roll made me completely forget that.

This may have been my least useful review to date.  So let me summarize in hopes of redeeming myself:  
-Halal meat (but with ample vegetarian options too)
-Indian (think chicken tikka with a side of pico de gallo)
-delicious fresh ingredients (but skip the bland chickpeas)
-ungodly proportions (unless you're a male undergrad, you should not be able to finish this meal)
This place was awesome for brunch. I came here with a big group of freinds and we all squeezed around a tiny table in this interesting hole in the wall. This place is super informal but that is what made it awesome. The omlettes were huge and piled high with all the good stuff. I got the ultimate omlette which had all the veggies, cheese, sausage, and even a chicken breast!!! 

One thing that happened that made me very pleased was the events that occured after a spilling of hot sauce. Our server spilled hot sauce on my cousin, but, helped her clean up, and to make it all better comped her entire meal. Not bad!

This place is awesome-- super freindly, super cheap, and super delicious!
I only visited once but I really enjoyed the food and the feel of the restaurant. With no other Turkish places in Chapel Hill this is a nice alternative to some of the more standard types of restaurants.
I had the Aleppo pepper lamb wrap.  Really tasty and just spicey enough.
First off on a wensday night, I believe anyone should accept business in this economy. Last night I was a victim of Racial Profiling, I went to this bar and was rejected "can't let anyone in we are at capcity." At first i believed him, but as i walked by to get to my car; i saw the bouncer allow four more people in. First off i was completely sober, had normal cloths on. This place should goto .....
I think this is one of those restaurants for those who don't know any better. However I don't think anyone could enjoy their Moussaka. Obviously it had been reheated in the back in a microwave, bec. it wasn't warmed evenly through out the dish. If someone told me that their food came out of a can, I wouldn't at all be surprised.
I just don't know why I haven't written a review about this restaurant. I've been there a couple of times and I do love this place. I sometimes crave for falafels and this is the place that satisfies such desire. When I went there to get spanakopita and kebab, the chef there told me that his falafel is the best and he gave me a whole falafel ball. A huge one. And, it was super super yummy. I thought it was the best as he said and since then, I'm in love with the falafels there. Other stuff, like spanakopita and kebab, is good but oh boy, I don't think I can't live without their falafels. 

If you are coffee love, you must get the Turkish coffee to go with your food. It's not bitter, though it looks like it. The aroma and flavor of the Turkish coffee go very well with their dishes!! Try it!
I've tried Shawarmas in several places in the Seattle area, and this place serves the best Shawarmas here, and for my muslim folks the meat is halal too. The meat is well cooked and the shawarma is just made really well.
I went to this little spot after a massage at Thai Sabai, and it was a great cheap eat. For what you get, and what it costs, it's pretty darn good. I ordered a vegetarian falafel, and it was tasty, but I do agree with other reviewers, at the same time, when you pile all the good stuff ON TOP of your falafel, it is very messy, and the best bites are the first few. You end up chasing those bites and trying to not let everything fall apart. Well, yes. IT IS A FALAFEL. Falafels fall apart, notoriously. 

The thing I think that could change would be if the falafel maker behind the counter could just put all the ingredients inside the falafel for you, that way, it is a better mix of good stuff all blended together in a bite. I know they make it fresh, but it could be fresher by not having that "greens bar". 
Just an idea. 

But it was yummy and I would go back after another massage!
Tea and coffee and food are first rate. But why so dirty? I'm sure the massive cockroach that sauntered out once to greet me and my guest would agree. (At least, he would if he hadn't been scooped up by a waitress. And when the same thing happened at a place in Chicago, my wife and I got free dessert--so why so cheap?)

Minus two stars for that, so still four. I know they're almost everywhere. But they shouldn't be when I'm there.

Of course I'll still go back.
I don't spend too much time on campus anymore, but if I was still a UM student, I would come to the place often - fast, cheap & good. Came here for the 2nd time, and once again, got a very fresh & tasty pita sandwich (Lamb Kafta). The pita bread is grilled so it provides a crispy outside to contrast the meats & vegetables inside - very good & not too heavy, which is great for a student on the move. Looking forward to trying other items on the menu next time!
I lived in Cambridge for a year, and when short on a dollar Moody's was always the place to go. For a fiver you can enjoy some of the best chicken Shawarma to be had, and the counter people are more courteous than other Shawarma vendors in the area. The lamb can be good, but tends to run rather fatty leaving you with a mouthful of lamb fat; just a little gnarly. All in all, the value exceeds any expectations, and a touch of the hot sauce on your roll is just what the doctor ordered to clean out your sinuses.
This place is completely perplexing.  Their food is really good, but they take 2 - 3 hours to deliver and if you call to complain they tell you it's not their problem.  They are so rude that it actually takes my breath away and the food is not worth the aggravation.  It's kind of a bummer.
True love as represented by flour, water, yeast, salt: the pita at Bella Pita. I don't know that I have ever experienced a more delicious pocket of bread, handcrafted while I waited.

I chose to enjoy my bella, nay, bellissima, pita in chicken wowshi form and topped it with cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, and cabbage. One half I topped with hommus and the very hot sauce; the other, with tahini and white sauce. I'd be hard pressed to pick a favorite, though the garlicky white sauce paired rapturously with the chicken and pita.

My dining companions swooned over their lamb pita, falafel pita, and fried cauliflower. Indeed, we were so sated by our true love pitas, we managed to steer clear of the DSW down the street.


A note on the wowshi and pita difference: the wowshi is almost calzone-like, cut in half with the fillings baked in. It allows you to construct two separate creations with the salad bar. The pita is your classic pita sandwich, and allows you the opportunity to fill one large pocket. Both are marriage material. 

A note on seating: 3 stools and a counter facing the street. You'd be wise to consider where you want to eat your magnificent concoction before venturing to Bella Pita.
If I wasn't a poor graduate student, I would eat here more often.

Where do I begin?  The delicious melt in your mouth falafel...the homemade hummus (I'm partial to the tomato basil), the tabouli, the soft pita wedges I like to saturate with freshly made baba ghanoush, and the sauteed eggplant and cucumbers in the falafel wrap.  Everything is fresh and delicious, and the owners are super friendly.

Dear RPI:  Pay me more, so I can eat here more.  Love, Lisa
Habibi's is Euh!
the staff are mean, it is way overpriced and the hookah is disgusting. Also i HATE the ambience, hookah is about relaxing and being in the zone so to speak; Habibi's offers quite the opposite: Bar tables so small your elbows are up in your friend's face, loud people, wobbly stools on which you're supposed to relax while smoking...it's horrible and gives hookah a bad name. Also, what is it with the owner and flaunting his wealth in such garish manner? Leave it to the nouveau riche.
sit on the top floor and gaze at the ornate somewhat dilapidated surroundings and order an arabic coffee. dont get turkish coffee. arabic coffee has cardamom. pretty sure thats the difference- but straight up this is my favorite place to go and sit in harvard square
3 stars for falafel only at this point, but other stuff looked good enough to return for.  Weird location but packed at lunch.  

Falafel - excellent array of colorful (hot pink!) crazy (hot pink and pickled!) veggies to add to your sandwich.  Falafel looked light and fluffly and wonderful, but was gritty as hell and the sandwich was way too salty to enjoy.  

However - jeeze louise, the options for the vegetarian combos look awesome and definitely deserve a second visit.
I am giving them a 5 star rating for their falafel sandwich and tabouli salad.  It is truly the best I've had since Beirut!

They have perfect pickled radishes to put in the inside of the falafel sandwich.
This place is very unassuming and kind of a hidden gem in Central Square.  I stumbled upon it several months ago and just keep going back.  I find myself craving their falafel sandwiches at random times.  I've also had great success with the hummus sandwiches and the falafel plate (not sure if that's what it's called).  The best part is how cheap everything is.  

I haven't really had falafel anywhere else, so I can't compare, but I do know that I love this place and would highly recommend it.  Friendly staff, great food, very affordable.  If I remember correctly, they're open late, too.

The only reason they don't get five stars is because there is very little seating inside.  It's definitely more of a take-out place, and it's always so crowded in there that I have to wait outside until my food is ready.
I'm confused by the other reviews.  This place is awesome!  

I think their falafel is good.  I'm not a middle eastern cuisine specialist but I have had plenty of falafel in Fafalel Countries.  

Actually, I got a chicken schwarma and THEN a steak kebab.  I was enthusiastic about the idea of a third entree but just too full at that point.
This used to be one of my favorite breakfast places but after this morning's experience I don't think we'll be going back. Service was slow, scattered and both of our orders came out wrong. The waiter actually walked away from the table while I was giving my order. "I'll have the veggie omelet with...." No "hold on one second I'll be right back," just left. I had to flag him down to give the rest of the order. The home-fries, which I used to love, were completely undercooked and way too greasy. At least the jam was still amazing (even though we had to walk up to the counter to get it because we couldn't get a server's attention and they forgot to put it on the plate.) 

I'll be sticking with Sunny's from now on.
So it appears this place is under new management.  I saw some folks who used to work at Moody's in Central Square working the grill.

Have no fear...the food is still delicious!  I paid a visit two nights in a row and both times couldn't stop at one sandwich (yikes!).  Their lamb shawarma is so good...and their fries are pretty awesome too.  If you like spicy stuff, ask for hot sauce on the side (they have Egyptian shata).  You won't be disappointed.

Hopefully (for my sake) I will resist three nights in a row, but it won't be easy!
Sitting up stairs in this place you feels very cinematic.  They've got a really high ceiling and a huge hole in the floor looking down to the first floor. It's almost elegant. I discovered this place a couple of years ago on Christmas day. This was the only place open any where in Boston/Cambridge that we could find. We ended up staying there for pretty much the whole day starting with a late breakfast and ending with desert and wine. It turned out to be an excellent day.
I'm so excited to have a good falafel place near work!  Three stars to start with:

Pros:
-Falafel is good, but a little on the salty side
-they have more than one pickled vegetable, which is always a big plus in my book
-the owner was friendly and able to psychically suss out my need for hot sauce and pickled jalapeos in my salad
-nutritional info is listed on the takeout menu

Stuff to work on:
-Salad is underwhelming - just shredded iceberg and some tomato with tahini & lemon, but dressing is decent
-pita was really dry, like crack into little shards dry

I have faith in this place and am sure the minor issues will be worked out.  I'm counting on you, Wrapro, because the falafel options in the square are vile.
The staff is very nice and they let me sample the chicken tarna... Smells like jerk chicken but tastes much different. It's definitely worth ordering. I ordered the combo kabob plate before sampling it so I'll have to wait until next time to order it. The price is reasonable for the quantity and quality of food. The only downside IMO is that they don't have cucumber yogurt sauce, but other than that this place is great. They have parking in the back and a decent size dining area, buy bring a jacket because it's freezing in there.
First off - extremely friendly. Second - outstanding Shawarma. Thirdly - they gave my daughter a free baclava for her birthday. Worth the 30 minute drive - we may make it a weekly trip.
Short review...

I've dined in at Jerusalem Garden....and even though the seating is sparse, we had decent service and a good meal.

I've also taken food out to go and it's always proved acceptable.

I wouldn't say it's the best Middle Eastern chow I've ever scarfed, but I can't criticize it much either.

I haven't frequented it many times, but on a couple of occassions, especially during the nice weather seasons, the line extends out the door considerably, which unless you like to people watch, is frustrating.

Yelp should have 1/2 star ratings as well. 3 1/2 stars here.

Dan
In my drunken state, i was still able to take some photos of my food (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YeRXjIzxc9FaK6uyrTBvkQ?select=s9UMVV-bYgB0jkleURRQmQ). i guess yelp brainwashed me that much huh?

Falafel a little dry, but overall, it wasn't too bad. There wasn't anything particularly memorably about the food here, but it all hit the spot. Had a little bit of EVERYTHING.. baba ganoush, grape leaves, salad, falafel, lamb (or chicken) shwarma, pita, tahini, and hummus so if you wanna get a little nibble of everything, get the super combo!
I tried this place when it first started, back in high school when I took art classes in the floor above, the same building. The fact that it's still here and thriving should say something!

I always get their lamb kebab plate - it's my favorite thing by them, solid, filling, and super tasty. The grilled meat has that nice smoky char and is well spiced, so you don't really get that gamey lamb aftertaste. The kebabs come over buttery noodle rice and include two small sides, a little bit of greek salad and a little bit of fresh hummus. And not to be left out are the amazing little garlic spice sauce and warmed pita break! All the flavors are great, well-balanced and really compliment each other.

Would've given it five stars, but there's just one thing: 
The only thing I have to complain about is that as they've gotten more popular, they seem to prepare a lot of food beforehand. It's not necessarily made to order. The last couple of times I ate here, the food was more lukewarm than hot, taking away from the flavor and the feeling of freshness.
Pretty meh.  The prices are very cheap but I guess you get what you pay for.  My fiancee had the french toast and eggs - the eggs were decent but a bit overcooked, while the french toast was super soggy and well undercooked.  I had the falafel sandwich, which was full of vegetables but woefully short on tasty falafel!

Service is what you'd expect out of a diner - mostly forgettable, but nothing bad.

Overall, I'd probably not go back.  Boston is woefully short on good breakfast joints, guess I'll have to keep looking!
I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  We ordered delivery from this place the other night, and were overwhelmed by the amount of food!  Each platter comes with meat (or veggie options), hummus, and multiple other sides.  Lamb kabob was decent, chicken shawarma was a little dry (but better with tahini sauce/hummus/baba ganoush).  I'm not a huge fan of the way they make their tabbouli, and their potato side was also not my favorite.  The beet salad and baba ganoush was tasty, and I LOVE their hummus.  Overall not a bad option for a little Mediterranean fix.
We're not talking about the Mayor... or the Governor... nay, not even the President. We're talking about the King. The Monarch-O-falafel. Master of the pita. Sultan of tahini. The Good Grub's been going to the Falafel King for years, because there's one thing Papa Grub taught us about his days at UCLA... when you're hungry in Westwood, there's nothing that compares to a shawarma pita stuffed with the King's pièce de résistance... super-thick, goldeny-delicious, what-kind-of-deep-fryer-turns-veggies-into-happiness-quite-like-this potato chips. One thing we never dead learn however is exactly how you're supposed to order at the King. Somehow we always feel like we're doing it wrong... But as you pass down the line, it's kind of hard not to pull your own... "ooo, ooo, and can you put some of that in it?...and yeah, a few of those... and oh man, that's what I'm talking about... throw in a couple of those guys." Get whatever filling you want, whether it's shawarma or falafel, sandwich or combo plate, but as you complete your order, there are three things you need to know...  Step 1) Don't miss their unique, homemade potato chips. Once you've had them, you're going to stuff them into everything you eat... burritos, calzones, ice cream sandwiches ... we joke, but it'd probably be pretty amazing. Step 2) Go for the ridiculously-flavor-packed eggplant salad, known to Papa Grub as "very delicious eggplant." We're not quite sure if it has ever officially been known as "very delicious eggplant" and every time we order it by said name, we get a raised eyebrow and a "you mean this one?" finger point... but let it be known now that the name "very delicious eggplant" has never been so perfect... well... except maybe for "Macho Man Randy Savage"... that dude was macho. Step 3) Top it all off with as much as you can of their super savory, one-part-sesame-seeds-one-part-olive-oil-two-parts-happiness, tahini sauce. Honestly... we'd bathe in this stuff if it was socially acceptable. We like to ask for a little extra on the side... because what else will you use to dip those extra potato chips in that fall all over the place. We always add to our order a bottle of Orangina soda, not so much because it's the perfect pair with your shawarma... which it is... but there are some traditions you just don't mess with... and Falafel King is just that... tradition. So head on over for a pita sandwich... or a combo plate ... or both... but when you do, make sure you bow down to the King... wearer of the Good Grub crown.
Of all restaurants in Chambana, this is by far my favorite. I used to go several times as week for either lunch or dinner when I was still in the area. The food is homemade-like, which was always a big plus for me. I prefer to be on the healthy side, and Jerusalem offers that option with the bonus of being cheap. And this fact makes it unique in a college town, where most people are craving for cheap junk food.

I would go most frequently for the "plate of the day" #202 with chicken. It is a big tray with an assortment of tasty items. So big, that sometimes you would end up saving half of it for dinner.

I can more simply define Jerusalem as: tasty, tasty, tasty. Totally love it.

Ah, yes, the owner. Some people complain about him. Well, after going for so many times, I found out he is a very warm person. He might not give you a fake smile the first time you walk into his restaurant, but he will give you a genuine smile the fifth time you go there.
One of my favorites in A2! Not only is the food great, the inside is cozy and very well-lit -- not in a disinfected cafeteria kind of way, but rather in a warm, welcoming manner that I vastly prefer over dim mood lighting (all too common on Main St!).

Make sure you try their lentil soup! It's smooth and creamy and flavorful -- the ideal way to consume lentils. And their other items were also top-notch, such as the baba ghanoush, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, and tabouli. My only quibble would be that the chicken was a bit on the dry side but otherwise everything was delicious!

Bonus: quick and friendly service! But be forewarned, the place is small so don't come here with a large group expecting to get seated quickly...
Went here twice this last week, including my wrap-up meal Sunday night. This restaurant is my favorite place in Westwood for a cheap, quality meal.

I have never been let down by Bella Pita.  Shamefully, I have only been a customer for about a year, though I had walked by Bella Pita many times over the years.  I can't believe I walked by Bella Pita so ignorantly all these years - kind of like walking past the unassuming yet hot girl next door.  And I am usually so great at appreciating the unassuming yet hot girl next door!  That's my forte!  Boo to me. 

I order the black bean wowshi.  They make it to order, it's quick, it's fresh, simple yet filled with the perfect amount of herbs and spice for balance, and then you get to go to the salad bar and heap lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, hummus, hot sauce, etc. on top of your delectable $5 treat.  

It doesn't get better than this.  And for $5!

Bella Pita follows the necessary axioms of serving great food:  fresh quality ingredients, made to order, and at a fair price.  And it's open till 2 AM.  A much healthier option than fast-food or Benitos for an after bar meal.  Best deal in Westwood.
Fresh baked pita, fresh cooked meat and everything made to order.  To top it off they have a serve yourself toppings bar.
Fried eggplant sandwich for $4.90, is one of the tastier super-cheap bites on the Ave.

We've also the sampled the falafel sandwich, the chicken gyros, and the lamb gyro.  Sandwiches are about $5 a pop and we always find the small here is plenty big.  There is a little too much lettuce piled on for my tastes, and I wish there were some more creative, tasty greens, but otherwise, its certainly a solid, low priced bite.

I have to say though, importantly, this place features quantity over quality.  Perhaps that  accounts for such positive Yelps.  It's disappointing to find a gyros place that doesn't slice their meat off a spit, and in this case, the meat is just not that moist, great meat that you might hope to find at a classic gyros place.  

I'm going to have to keep trying to find my go-to falafel spot in Seattle.  This isn't the one.   It is, however, a fine budget bite.
This place is amazing, the food tastes so good and is packed full of flavor plus the portions are huge. Definitely worth a visit!
I went to Hummus shortly after it opened with a fairly large group. They didn't get our order 100% correct, but their service was affable enough that we didn't mind the least. Would definitely visit again, especially if I need to stick close to the Penn campus and can't run to Saad's. A great addition to the neighborhood!
Awesome little place. We passed by a few places before we settled here, dinner was a little dirty feel, another place little just not us but this place felt like home. Awesome omlette they switched fried for salad and tea pot with hot water refills. Very sweet place.
haha...i come to comment and daisy C has said a lot of what i was intending to say.  Is there something quicker than quick?! and yes, they are stingy with the pita...is it like chinese restaurant being stingy or even charging for white rice?!

anywho, the bf and i ordered the chicken shawerma+falafels and asked for some jalepenos.  i put the chicken in my mouth and omg omg...that scthuff made me roll the eyes back a little.  such a flavor explosion...how do they do it?  i've been craving chicken ever since.

now the falafel was watevs.  you must try the chicken!

oh, and i almost forgot about the chili sauce.  the bf and i LOVE spicy and this chili did not disappoint!
After traveling to the Middle East three times in the past two years, I find myself frequently craving authentic Middle Eastern food.  For a food truck where you can get a meal in under $7, this is about as close as it gets.  My favorites are the Kefta, Falafel and Babaganouj.  Their combo platters allow you to pick and choose pretty much any combination of your favorite ME foods.  Definitely one of my favorites in the area.
Came here with a Campuscred voucher. I got the Falala (pita w/ falafels, salad bar, fries, soda) and a chocolate falafel ball, which came out to just 
under $10 post-tax. 

Their salad bar has just five types of vegetables and they don't look very fresh (unsurprising, given the volume of business they seem to receive). Falafel is okay, but I've definitely had better ones elsewhere in Berkeley. Pita bread is really good, great texture (they also have a gluten-free variety fwiw). Fries were warm and mealy, which is always a plus. Chocolate falafel was tasty and interesting, but $0.75 is a little pricey for what you get. 

I went in at ~1:30pm on a school day and the place was completely empty the whole time I was there. Given the 900 other falafel places around campus which charge lower prices for similar quality food, I honestly can't see them surviving that much longer...Good way to use a voucher, though.
Dooset Daram 
Which means I LOVE YOU in Farsi

Long story short about this place is "It's so simple it's good"

You don't need to throw the whole kitchen sink to make something work. A little dash here and there and you have yourself a delicious meal with very distinct flavors. Where you are introduced to new layers with each bite and feel lost if they had everything in their pantry to give your meal a kick. 

How did I get here? 
After an Elite event, we left hungry for real food the lovely lady who accompanied me as my date for the evening decided to grab pizza while in the middle of our meal and a giant Masa's deep dish pizza laying in front of us, she mentioned that the only meal she would never have leftovers of is Persian food. She went on to ask me if I had eaten at this great middle eastern place in Glendale and I surprisingly answered her "Raffi's!?" She enthusiastically said "Yes!" And I responded "Of course, I love that place!" It truly is a must go eatery. 

Well ever since that conversation that night with her I have been having a craving for saffron rice, baba ganooj, falafel, kebob, grilled tomato and my utmost favorite LAMB. I'm saving Raffi's for another date.  Luckily my buddy JR, had similar cravings this week and he wanted to grab lunch today. Seeing I am saving myself for Raffi's and MC has a great reputation for their Mediterranean/Middle Eastern cuisine, I couldn't deny his gracious invite.

Parking wasn't so bad in the lot and even though the line was out the door, we didn't have to wait too long. JR greeted me out front and immediately got into line, he mentioned that he would put his motorcycle helmet on the first table that opened up and not too long after that viola! we had our seats before we were even ready to order. He got the beef kebab and I grabbed the lamb. Wow I love the lamb a lot and the beef wasn't bad at all. The lamb tasted a whole lot more char but in a good way not in a bad it tastes burnt kind of way. Their rice pilaf was a nice compliment. Pita bread is essential when sliding those meats off the skewers then dipping into the the hummus or the tiny containers of garlic spread and chili paste. 

Next time I am going to try out their grape leafs and kefta plate. You know what I am going to go through the menu. Their portions are pretty decent so my waistline wont be so forgiving after a couple trips here.

Would I be back?
That is a definite "YES!" 

Khodahafez
Wow, this was a good lunch. In town from Chicago, afternoon to kill, went to see Brown and its "campustown" and stopped in here for a bite. had a chicken/falafel  wrap that was amazing. The secret is the combo of ingredients they include alongside the main part of the wrap so be sure to ask for everything, except maybe onions if you are planning on kissing someone later.
Before I had a bite of "Club Med's" renowned plates, I thought I had encountered pretty decent Mediterranean food in my hummus/pita/kebab eating history. EEEAAAAEEEERRRRIER *sound of an ugly buzzer* After this day, I will not be frequenting Daphne's anymore. No way. This place makes any other Greek joint quiver in shame. 

So what's the big hype?

One word. AMAZINGNESS! I had the Chicken Shawerma wrap and Beef Kebab plate. The wrap was filled with a combination of finely sliced, juicy pieces of chicken, a "I want more of you baby" garlic sauce, lettuce and tomatoes-- all wrapped in a warm pita agggghhhh. So gooodddd. 

The beef kebab was another story. TWO skewers of finely cubed, marinated steak, alternating between grilled white onion that offset the spices of each bite of beef made for a yum yum in my tummy reaction. Paired with rice, their delicious pureed blend of hummus, salad and pita... what more can you ask for? I take that back. Maybe a red w/ black leather interior Lamborghini and gold plated rims.... maybe. This is it guys and gals. If you want delicious Greek food. Now you know where to go! 

I surely did a lil pita Greek dance in my seat after a few bites. If it weren't for feeling slightly embarrassed at the thought of over consuming the amount of my favorite companion, I would've helped myself to another plate or wrap w/ no hesitation ;)
Visited Byblos purely by chance...  SO GLAD.  Three friends and I were on an R.I. trip from Cape Cod and were strolling Thayer St. this week when one of us spied this little restaurant.  Our good fortune!  We were treated with so much care by Marita (or maybe Merida... oh, I know I am butchering her name!).  We had our first hookahs ever, along with drinks and some food.  The baba ghanoush was some of the best I've ever had, and I loved the hummus.  The visit was well worth our money and time, and we found our hostess for the experience to be one of the most genuine and happy kind restaurant people, who helped our hookah experience go well. I'm not a smoker by any means, and I had a blast puffing away on this yummy stuff!  Highly recommend.
The best Mediterranean food I've had so far.  I've always had a sneaking suspicion that I've loved Mediterranean food, but every Greek cafe/diner/eater I had previously visited left my taste buds wanting more.  Now I've found a place to go to get my med fix.

Chicken schwarma is good, and the kefta is pretty good as well.  Parking is plentiful in the adjacent lot.
Habibi is good place for large group. They have enough place. Hookah is popular in Habibi, and they have lots of flavors of hookah. When I went to this cafe, I thought it's little bit old and not clean, but a few minute later, I felt relax. I could talk with my friends freely in released mood. In my opinion, exterior is better than interior, because inside is too dark even afternoon and vibes seems to be stuck. I recommend outside. In addition Nobody were in inside. There were another patrons in outside. I think they might have fun time. It's cool place and great experience to me! 

I ordered apple juice and fajita at first, but they didn't have apple juice. Disappointed....Anyway,...fajita was so so. I don't know how to different taste with another restaurant. They don't have a special flavor, but it's OK, not bad. 

However if you go to there with many friends, you won't pay separately, and also you'll have to pay only cash. That's a disadvantage, but if you want to try hookah for experience, you can try it there at cheap price in casual atmosphere. -kaplan
My significant other and I shared the Chicken Shawarma platter with amazing yogurt garlic sauce.  The garlic sauce was thinker than what I had been served at other Middle Eastern restaurants, but it was very tasty.
We also shared the small falafel plate with the egg plant hummus.  The egg plant hummus was outstanding.
I with they had served the meal with more pita and more sauces.  I wanted to eat some pita and egg plant hummus but ran out.  The services was friendly and prompt.
This is a great dinning option in downtown Ann Arbor.  If you stop in I don't think you will go wrong.
I was at the Middle East last night for a show and although it is in the basement and seems a little dingy, I think its a great small venue.

The sound was great and there is plenty of room. We saw 4 bands for about $12. The drinks were pretty cheap and they do accept credit cards, but they do not allow people to open tabs at the bar downstairs. Not really a big deal, but just something to think about. I would suggest bringing cash. It just seems a little easier. 

 If you are into music, I suggest going to see some bands here. I will definitely be back!
first of all, i am a salt person. some people like sugar, i looooove salt.

having said that, this place is gross. it might be more efficient to just buy a salt lick, tie it around your neck and enjoy. then at least you can stay home and not have to deal with trying to find parking in westwood.
hole-in-the-wall open til 2AM EVERYDAY! & you can bet it is always swarming with UCLA students! GO BRUINS

i've tried their pita pockets at the other westwood location, but here i decided to try their unique WOWSHIs which is a whole pita cut into 2 halves, stuffed with your choice of meat/beans & then BAKED, adding a great crispy texture!

theEEeen make YOUR WAY to the salad/condiments bar to stuff your wowshi to your own customization with lettuce, cabbage, tomatoes, onions, hummus, radish, sauce, cucumbers, etc! 

the chicken wowshi was yummy and so cheap!!! around 5 bucks!

only 4-5 stools to sit on inside along the counter! so you may want to take it to-go (ask for sauce containers so your pita doesn't get soggy!)

WARNING: this meal gets messy!!! so watch yourself!

PARKING: street, unless you can spend like over $20 i think you get free parking in the back!

THEY CATER! they're actually catering my roomate's wedding in May!
As previously mentioned in others' reviews, the staff is super friendly. It's family owned so they try extra hard to sell you on the home cooking/"treat this like your home" setup they've got going. Some may take this as intrusive but I welcome this friendliness as it is unfortunately a rare occurrence in New York. Think of this place as going to your friend's house and he still lives with his parents who are constantly cooking and offering you delicious meals. I never had a Lebanese friend growing up but if I did, I'd imagine this is what their parents' cooking would taste like.

And what about the food? Well, speaking of rare, I rarely like stuffed grape leaves, but I loved them here. I've also never really liked baklava but I loved it here. The hummus was amazing. The falafel wasn't too greasy like some others I've tasted in the area.

Yes, they use paper plates and styrofoam cups - so what? It honestly didn't affect my meal. Sure, it'd be great if this "cheapness" was reflected in the bill (sampler for 2 + garlic fries + baklava = $30) but the food, staff and hours (which they are willing to bend for anyone) are worth it.
Fresh, clean, delicious, friendly.  Don't go if you're in a rush - go if you've got time to properly enjoy well-made food.  And have a cup of tea with it.
Turkish.  Delish.  The presentation was great and the food was tasty.  I had the lamb kabobs, which were really good: moist and flavorful.  They were a little red inside, though.  And the side items that came with the dish were great.   I also like the dipping sauce that came with the freshly baked bread.
Brookline Lunch is the best. I always get the same thing, incidentally the best item on the menu, the tomato and feta egg sandwich. It is /always/ delicious and filling,  /always/ has awesome vegetable "home fries" (broccoli, brussel sprouts sometimes, carrots, tomatoes, squash even, onions, scallions, bell peppers, etc etc) and fantastic hot sauce, and is /always/ only $4.50 (I think). 

Seriously, as a broke college student who rarely allows herself to eat out, I was so glad to discover Brookline Lunch. The walls are brightly painted, there are plants in the windows, and although they often seem understaffed the family who runs the place is very friendly.... it is a warm and colorful respite from the gray bleakness of campus.

Some of the reviews cite boring pancakes, fake syrup and slow service... these are all accurate comments! But for their cheap, reliably delicious egg sandwiches, Brookline Lunch is definitely worth it.
Again, I find myself confused as to how I haven't reviewed this place before.

It probably has something to do with the fact that I only come here either right before, or right after getting massively drunk... maybe... probably... definitely.

I mean, who remembers everything anyway, right?

Anywhoo, the food here's quite good. I like their falafel pitas with everything in 'em. Literally all the sides here are tasty. People tend to love the fries, and I do too, though I ask them to undersalt them because they tend to go a bit overboard.

Things I've had:

Shawarma (great)
Falafel (great)
Schnitzel (great)
Lamb (great)
Hummus (okay)
Lots of sides (good-great)

For what you get, the place is quite cheap. And, as long as you don't overeat (it's actually kind of hard not to overeat here), it's quite light. And yet quite fortifying for a night of bad decisions and gin-fueled regret.

Hats off to you, Hummus, even though I tend not to go to you too often because you tend to make me fat and, indirectly, drunk!
Foods good but service blows... Showed up at 11:50pm sign said they closed at 12am. Walked in to order they said they were closed. Nuff said.
This review is for the shawerma (containing lamb and beef.) It was kind of dry and bland. While I've heard really good reviews of the falafel, from friends of mine that are vegetarian, perhaps Falafel King's forte is in their falafel, for those who eat meat in Westwood Village, there are better options out there (like Bella Pita.)

The portion sizes are decent for the price paid; the quality of service was good as well; I just wished that the shawerma was better. And I'd say the friend of mine who came with would agree with this review.
gave it two shots. bland was the outcome both times. two bleh strikes = two bleh stars.
This is the closest food joint next to my work and I almost never bring lunch with me so I end up there quite often.  They serve middle eastern/mediterranean food which is ok and on the healthy side if you take under consideration that it's fast food.  It's ridiculously overpriced for the effort they put in making the food and just can't compete with other restaurants with a similar menu.  Let's just say they are lucky they are not located at Central square.
While the food is stil good, I swear the service is always so so terrible.  The ladies working the cashier have got to be friends or relatives of the family that own the business and have no fear of being fired.  They are always snappy when answering questions about the menu, sigh with rolling eyes with lack of patience, and snap at the kitchen workers.  

The food still rocks, but not the kinda family business you like to see, but then again maybe Armenian restaurants are like Asian restaurants:  "We know our food is good so we'll serve a side of attitude with your order whenever the heck we want."
don't eat here. go to shows here, it's a great venue that brings in good bands, but do not eat here.

one of the worst bar/restaurant experiences i've ever had were 2 consecutive weekends at the upstairs restaurant back in october.

the first weekend, i was with my boyfriend and one of his friends and girlfriend. we came in around 10, i think and grabbed a table. we were planning on having drinks and possibly an appetizer or two. the waitress, who i will always remember what she looks like because she was so awful (and if you ever have the kind of boyish fat girl with glasses waiting on you there, you've got her too). 

she drops some menus on the table and asks us if we're eating. we said maybe, but we weren't sure. she tells us that we have to get out of her table, that it's still the dinner rush and she won't wait on us, so we start to walk out the door, saying how ridiculous and totally not allowed that kind of treatment of customers is. she chases us out the door and begs us to come sit at her table, that she was wrong and doesn't want to get in trouble. we sit down, have about 4 rounds and yes, we did end up having appetizers, and (although i wouldn't have if it were up to me, but my boyfriend was paying) tipping a full 20%. oh, and at one point, she just slapped the check down on our table, a good hour and a half before ast call, when no one had asked for it. apparently she was sick of us. she was overall pretty rude and not a very good waitress.

the following weekend, i had a friend visiting from new york and she wanted to go to middle east to drink. as we went in, we saw that the same waitress was working, but so was another one, so we hoped we'd get the other waitress, but no such luck. she immediately haves an attitude with us, throws some menus and takes our drink order. we actually wanted to have a meal there too, and when we tried to order, she tells us that they've stopped serving food for the night, but as we drink, we notice her bringing plates out to other tables, even long after we first got there.

she is rude an awful, and as of the last time i was there, still working. avoid her.
While I enjoyed the food at Talullas, the service is pretty shitty. Ok, it's fine in that food was delivered on time, yada yada.  When I asked for a recommendation the waiter commented that "This food has been prepared for centuries.  It's really personal preference" in a haughty tone.   Thanks for the lecture on the Ottoman Empire, dickhead.  And in serving my food, he really acted as if he was doing me a favor. When he asked how things were and I said "good" he replied "perfect" and rushed off in zero seconds.  Obviously, I was not a fan.  Then I got my bill and then after I gave the credit card I realized he charged me another table's tab.  1.5 x's my original tab (which wasn't small to begin with.)  A perfunctory apology, of course.  Total dick.  Too bad, b/c the food is really pretty decent.  Sorry to be explicit, but really I call them like I see them.
great food, super quick service.
What this place lacks in atmosphere, it more than makes up for in taste.  It really is the best falafel in town.  It may even be better than Mamoun's in the Village.  They also have a location in the city which I have yet to try: http://www.yelp.com/biz/e02eHaL0toY64Tzodnx8_Q
Looks like Maoz is getting some competition with all the new falafel and Mediterranean places!

However, I still think Maoz is a better choice for taste, environment, and choices. The toppings bar is more extensive than at Fa-La-La and the decorations of Maoz makes me happier for some reason. Probably because I always feel like I'm in a giraffe's stomach or something.
The salad with tuna steak & middle eastern dressing is soooo good. The tuna steak is big. The drinks are good. The mother-daughter waitress team are awesome...a fave spot!
East Side Pocket's doesn't have the best falafel in RI, but it is pretty good!

Don't forget to ask for the extra hot sauce!
This place is such a gem! Not only is the food delicious, but they give you such a large portion. You really do pay for what you get here. The humus is so good and I am a huge fan of the garlic oil they use to top it, but only when you ask. They shwarma is very good, but I gave 4 stars because sometimes the chicken is a little well done. I don't mind that but others might. Their salads are home made and fabulous. I especially love their beet salad and their carrots. The carrots can be very garlicky so if you have a date later you might want to rethink getting those. The pita is warm and fluffy. Besides the delicious food which I could rave about forever. The owners are very kind. One of them once sat down with me and my friend to ask if his prices were too much or if they gave too much or too little food. We told him our honest opinion and I really do think he took our suggestions into consideration. I would recommend this place to anyone!!
I wasn't a big fan of their hummus... it was too.. creamy?  Just not my cup of tea.  The rest of my meal was fine (the potatoes were really yummy, but who doesn't love potatoes)  and if I was nearby I'd probably pop in, but nothing worth going out of my way for.
The Italian Longhorn is a cute family-owned spot that offers an interesting selection of pizzas and eclectic Mediterranean cuisine right off the drag.  I asked for a  gyros with jalapenos and it had just the right crispness, a tasty tzatziki, and a fluffy pita.  I found the staff to be generous and accomodating.  I bet if you ask them, they'd make your sandwich with extra meat, extra crispy, or extra spicy!!   They have these gourmet olive oil potato chips that go great with it.  They also offer HALAL meat choices (make sure you say you want halal when you order)!! 

My friend loves dolmas and tried their dolmas with meat and rice and wouldn't shut up about them! :)  She also blissed out on their falafel wrap.

So, in light of that, I give them an A+ for good food, good price, and good people.  Next time I'll try the merguez...maybe on the pizza!  I heard it's delicious...

Choose Austin First!
I LOVE this place, in fact the one thing I miss most about working near there (I used to work two blocks from this place) is eating here pretty much everyday! I LOVE the chicken shwarma!!!  And their rice with little pieces of noodles in it is AMAZING!!!
Had to knock off a star for the rude hipsters at the door. Best spot for live music though - perfect even!
Best falaffel in town!  I love this place
they had the best lamb shawarma wrap i had ever tasted. not to mention it was pretty cheap. I love this place!
This place is really flipping tasty. Their shawarmas are the bomb, and their falafel is quite good as well, though not my favorite. I love that they open til super late so I can go satisfy my shawarma cravings at 2 AM, but I hate how they run out of the meat! It blows to go picturing myself digging into a lamb shawarma to be told they only have falafel left. Oh well.
The shawarma is AMAZING! I ate here for the first time and got the combination platter with a coworker and it was delicious. I love how u can build ur own pita with all the ingredients n the platter. In my platter I got shawarma, falafel, chicken potato salad and cabbage and they all come with pita and hummus. I would def recommend this place to anyone!
The food here is good, but not spectacular. They have DJs or live bands at Zuzu at night sometimes too. The music can sometimes be very loud and hard to talk over, but the lounge feel and ambiance is awesome. I love going here with friends to kick back a couple drinks and people watch.

I think a lot of the reviewers are confusing Zuzu with the Middle East restaurant or club. Zuzu is located between the two Middle East Upstairs and has very different decor.
Algiers is a well decorate, cute, and inviting cafe conveniently located in Harvard Sq. The top floor was quite and had lots of open seating which was great for studying or reading. The service was a bit slow but friendly.
Unfortunately, they served one of the worst latte's I've ever had. It had no foam, luke warm milk, and weak espresso....and it was $4.50! It looked and tasted more like a cafe au late so I asked the server if this was a latte and she said yes....hence confirming my worst latte award. 
I'm a big fan or local coffee houses & don't mind paying for good coffee but this was overpriced for the quality so 2 stars for the ambiance, 0 stars for the latte. I may come back to try some Arabic coffee since it a very cute & charming cafe, but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
If I'm back in town in the near future I will definitely make another trip out to this place because it probably is five star food, with really fresh ingredients and quick service but the proportion of meat to veggies in my gyro was way to low. What was in there was good but it was unsatisfying. Fix that and I think there is the potential for the 5-star dirty-involuntary-goodfood-sound.
The absolute best chicken shawarma, EVER.  Hands down.  And only 8 bucks for the plate!!  It comes loaded with meat served over rice, humus, pita, and greek salad.   I haven't tried anything else on the menu because when I lived in Pasadena I was doing the no red meat thing.

Unfortunately, it also happens to be the first chicken shawarma i ever tried, and now I'm spoiled.  Everywhere else i've tried tastes bland.  To make matters worse, I no longer live in Pasadena.  Ever since I left Socal I have hunted for something comparable, to no avail.  Now I wish I had come here more often than once a month.

My advice to you locals, don't be like me.  Just look at me.  Yesterday I tried a place in SF that had 4 stars.  It was okay, but all it did was get me thinking about this place again.  So I looked it up on Yelp! just to see how it was doing and now I'm writing a review.  Take advantage of what you have!  One day, when you leave, you will regret not having come here more often...  :*(
I'll make this short because the other reviewers have pretty much covered all the bases.  Yep it's tiny inside.  Yes the owners are friendly - they let me order a plate of falafel w/ salad, rice, tahini and hummus even though that's not a menu item, and yes the falafel really IS that good.  Crispy on the outside and they use some kind of magical seasoning that makes me think that if I was marooned on a desert island and a genie told me he would grant me one wish, that wish would be for a plant that grew Aladdin falafel balls.
Samir's rules! The place rules. The man rules. I asked him for a spicy falafel wrap and he asked me "if I wanted to dance?" Fantastic. Oh and the garlic fries were truly killer.

Lastly, check out the ON promo pic. Best falafel joint.
Go here!!!!!!!! Okay, for a traditional Asian girl, this would probably the only place I like to eat and would recommend for lunch to-go place that is non-Asian. The food, Beef and Chicken are the best kabobs. GOSH. Just thinking about the food makes my mouth water. 

Trust me, even if you think that you don't like Mediterranean food, you will like this place. and if you are from the Middle East/Europe, you will love this place .I think it is very authentic as well...


This price, flat $10.00. The portion, of course, very authentic as well-- I mean, like other Persian restaurant, it is a lot. you won't be hungry.
Egyptian...where do I even begin...

Firstly, their staff is great, even the ones who don't know you yet. Yes, if you're in town, there's a good chance you'll return for more. It's a good place to hang out with some good specials.

My favorites... 
Egyptian has some of the best fries I've had (make sure you order the regular fries aka "the good fries" and not the Egyptian fries)

Paneer sandwich - which I've found to be perfect with "Extra spicy and tzatziki please"

Chicken Souvlaki - This is a good dish but the raw onion kill the great taste of the tender chicken.

Anyway, this is a good place to hang out with friends and the friendly staff will always make sure you're having a good time!
i saw a band at middle east last friday - they did some music for my friend's short film, so we went to check it out.  it was fun but i dont really get the set-up... its like part restaurant, part club, and then other parts that are next door.  anyway, its a good spot to see music.
Good Food, Call your order in because it'll take 15 minutes to prepare.
A friend of a friend was in town and suggested this place to grab a late lunch. As soon as he said "gyros," I was in. The inside has a coffee/lounge area feel to it. Brigid (Tom's wife) took our order at the counter and was really helpful and sweet. She asked if we had been there before and when I said no, she told me about the place and different events that they have. Apparently there's live music on Tuesday nights and board game night on Wednesdays.

From what I saw, it was a popular place to study too. The atmosphere was pretty chill and generally quiet. They even had an attached room with more seating that seemed to be reserved for those hard-core studiers. Also, their website says they have free WIFI so Hey girl, hey!

I was looking forward to the gyros and they did not dissapoint! They were so yummy and exactly what I wanted. There's a lot of other Greek and vegetarian/gluten free menu items as well. My friend tried the baklava and she really liked it. They have a variety of local drinks and specialty candies too. 

I'm glad we went here, because otherwise I wouldn't have known it existed. I'm not usually over here on this side of town, but it will definately be a consideration for a cool, yummy place to eat when I am.
okay..so this place is pretty good but i was kinda weirded out that they had our food ready before we ordered it. haha they handed my boyfriend our plates 2 seconds after we paid...WEIRD? nontheless it was still warm and my chicken kebab was still tender and juicey.  The hummus was just okay, i still like pita pita's better....i think i enjoyed the garlic sauce more than the hummus :-/

its a small place so it can get crowded during peak hours but we were lucky to enjoy our lunch out on the patio.  All their plates are $8 and comes with hummus, greek salad, rice and a pita...pretty good steal for a filling lunch i would say.
This place is small and best suited for take out only, but oohhhh the food is so worth it. I had a lamb roll up and it was to DIE FOR! The prices are reasonable too! They only take cash, but don't worry there are about 10 ATMs around the corner to choose from. Definitely recommended for a late night snack after a night of drinking.
hey not bad, had the chicken shawarma. It was good.
The place is at a corner and very small inside, so do not expect much seatings. It's more like a fast food place, but descent. 

I would go again.
Love the prices, staff and menu options. They are really good about letting you sit, but also check in to see if you need anything. My only criticism is they charge for refills on coffee.... but really, if that's the worst thing, they're doing alright in my book!
Zankou is one of the best middle eastern food I've had!

Their chicken is sooo yummy and moist!  I loved their basmati rice too!  My friend and I came here and we got the chicken tarna plate! (With recommendation for the cashier since we were debating on that and the kabobs).  It doesn't come with rice though so we ordered a side of rice.

The portions were amazing!  More than enough for the two of us!  We didn't even finish our food!

We not only ordered the chicken tarna but we also got Mutabbal which is a paste made of grilled Eggplant, mixed with sesame sauce, fresh garlic and topped with salad oil.

We left only spending $15 total!  We barely even touched the mutabbal because there was just way too much food! 

The garlic spread is pretty good but I do wish it was a bit more garlicy!

The lines here can get pretty long but the quality of the food here is excellent!

You sure won't feel guilty coming here since it's not super healthy but it's not super bad for you!  Greek food is known for their natural and fresh ingredients and their use of olive oil! 

Just make sure you come here with a friend for family and remember to share!  One plate is just tooo much for one person here!  And bring some stretchy pants since you probably won't stop eating since it's too good!
Firstly. Do not eat there, the food is hand's down below average, especially their fries. 
As for the Shisha's (Hookah) i have to say it not that bad. 
I live in 10 minutes away from this place so i tend to go there once in a while after work with a couple of friends, play chess, listen to middle eastern music and smoke hookah. For these types of activities, this is place is perfect. 
As for the decor, its not the best, but this is how Shisha (Hookah) places are. I visited these places all over the work, Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Cyprus, East London, Montreal, New York and Los Angeles and they are all the same, except for the few that market themselves towards the trendy market. Besides that, i have visited hookah places and that is how they are, Simple! 
If your in westwood and looking to chill, check this place.
I've seen a ton of shows at the Middle East.  My favorite would probably be the two shows where the Dismemberment Plan and Death Cab for Cutie played Downstairs together.  Regardless though it is a pretty uncomfortable venue.  You need ear plugs and wear as little as possible.  It is always sweltering.
Every time I get food and drink here, it's grudgingly disappointing. The drink list price is not worth it though one can tell they make lots of money off of booze on show nights. The cocktails are pretty boring with at most one spirit, some low quality bitter, and juice/soda/syrup. Their wine list is weak. The food seems like it would be fabulous but then the table's dirty as well as the floor. 

It takes a good five minutes for someone to acknowledge that you may want to give them money in exchange for sustenance. Sometimes actually preparing a playlist when its slow is better than spending 10 minutes amongst coworkers to pick one song at a time while people at the bar are waiting for a drink recommendation. A couple of times, we've just left. 

I think their events might be fun but I've had much better dining and entertainment experiences and they already lost me with their lack of care for the treatment of patrons and quality of food and beverage.
I live only a few blocks away and couldn't be happier when I found out a falafel place was opening there. That excitement only lasted until I had my first meal there. Their food just doesn't have any taste.  Don't bother.
This is one of my go-to places in University City. When I don't feel like spending a lot of money on some decent food. For $8, I get two meals worth of food.

I'm vegan, so all my experiences involve the hummus, roasted veggies, and falafel platters. The pitas are awesome - warm, soft, tasty. I always go for the whole wheat pitas. The sides are great too. 

I normally just get take-out but I've also had meals there with friends. The seating is a little bit tight, but it's not impossible to enjoy a meal there. 

The staff is really friendly and happy to answer any questions you have.
Middle east always gathers a lot of pople. They have food upstairs and bands playing music downstairs. Hummus platter and beer a good combination from it's restaurant.
Love this place! Its sort of tucked away and with the recent construction on 5th it may be a bit hard to get to/find, but its still as awesome as ever. Guess i cant give a review everything on the menu since i really only get the falafel with hummus- but $5.50 its totally a steal for the Best Falafel Ever! That falafel with hummus is so good it can carry the five star rating all by itself and its a good sized hearty portion not too big, definitely not too small. Sometimes I only eat half and save the rest for later (that $2.25 + tax for 1 meal) 

Okay well enough about the falafel (even though its soo good) - they are really nice in there as well and have quick service - i usually order to go. I have tried the chicken with fattoush as well and it was bomb and big and fresh and delicious. 

They also have sweet t-shirts, I haven't gotten one but seriously considered it...
This applies to the Pasadena location only, for some reason the Burbank Zankous Chicken's portions are about half of Pasadena's WTF?? 

Pros
Great food, good portions, and cheap!

Cons
Parking Sucks
Cash Only
good and decently priced
The only thing I've tried at Falafel Corner is falafel with hot sauce.  I've never been late at night, but every time I've gone, my food's been great!  the only complaint I have is the awkward ordering/waiting/seating situation.  On a busy day, there's really isn't a good way to wait in line to order and then find a place where you're out of the way while you're waiting for your food.  In the summer, it's great to grab a falafel and walk over to the river for a little picnic.
More like a 8.5/10. Very nice! The best gyro in Ann Arbor for sure!
oh my goodness, amazing place. And the owner is really cool. Try to have a conversation with him and you'll know what I mean. 

Be warned tho, it is not designed to be a sit-down place...more like, an eat your food quickly or eat it somewhere else.
Don't eat your food quickly tho, that'd be a shame. I actually want you to enjoy it.

Also, its open late!!!
Great food, speedy service!

The kebabs here are delicious, with plenty of sides and extras to choose from. The prices are definitely reasonable, you can get a very filling, healthy meal for under 10 bucks. I have rarely waited more than 3 minutes for my food between the time I order and the time they give me my food. 

The only downside to this place are the hours - they close at 7pm, sharp, and there is carry-out only after ~6:20pm since they get ready for clean up. Still, if you're in a hurry and up for good food, this place is the way to go.
This is the Middle-eastern / Lebanese restaurant that Ann Arbor has been waiting for.  

My wife and I just came back from a weekend up North, and ordered some take-out on the way through.  Got fatoosh with chicken, falafel and a couple of other items.  

Authentic little place inside, definitely a little bit of Dearborn more westward than I've seen it before.  We're only here another month, but we'll definitely hit it a couple times more.

Please make sure this place is around for our next visit!  :)
I find it entertaining that reviews say the falafel is not that good but the baklava is awesome. I find the reverse to be true. The falafel, grape leaves and just about everything in there is great. But, I detest the baklava. I always leave a tip and they offer a baklava and I always turn it down.  And I always get extra hummus!
This is a great deal for the price, and very delicious, too (at least for most dishes). You will get large portions and pay little, if you choose from the a la carte menu instead of the platters. I would recommend getting a few a la carte items. 

The baba ghanooj is my favorite. So is the spinach and lentil soup, which has a very unique taste with lemon juice. So is the kibbe; one of the best I have had ever. So is the halwa bi-jibin (which is dessert made of dough, pistachios, and rose water). There was one point in time I was addicted to this dessert. 

The "healthy variety" and "vegetarian special" are combination dishes, which are even better deals. I usually replace the hummus in the special with baba ghanooj since I think their baba ghanooj is a lot better. Grape leaves are OK, but the veggie version is  not as good.

The portions are large enough that if you get three items, you will likely have stuff to take home. And some items (dips) come with pita bread. 

I often take out from Ali Baba, and they have always been timely.

My girlfriend says the open faced hummus pita is excellent, but Ihave not tried it. 

The only bad experience I had: mousakka is not real mousakka. It feels synthetic. Don't even try it.
warning: you will not be able to kiss nor talk in close proximity to people ...for several hours after eating here. loaded with garlic/onion/etc. i think my BF almost broke up with me after i ate here once. i guess i'll just have to make him it here at simultaneously.

the falafel is what i order, because falafel is what i love. unfortunately, i do not love the falafel here. it is weirdly too firm, it is just not right, something about it. i can't put my finger on it. ive had much better falafel at other places, e.g. Rami's food truck (across from Penn dental school on 40th and locust). Actually Rami's is fantastic, I think I may go there tomorrow now that i'm salivating abut it.

i go here only if i get out voted on lunch. nothing wrong with the place, i've just had better falafel that I get so distracted reminiscing about it....
I think this is too hole in the wall type of place for me!  I really must be missing the rave reviews on this place because both my husband and I didn't like our meal.  We love trying this type of cuisine and usually order the same thing at each place: falafel wrap and a chicken kabob wrap.  

At first bite I was like ok this chicken is flavorful, then I started to feel like it was greasy.  Also I'm use to my kabobs being white boneless skinless chicken breast, wasn't took happy  with the parts of meat in my kabob.

The falafel just wasn't great.  We didn't care much for the taste.

Sorry, i'll have to disagree with all the reviewers on this place.
Super fast service and the food is awesome.  Reasonably priced. Parking is a bit difficult since their lot is so small.
This place doesn't deserve a long review. I'll hit the main points. It's overpriced($8 for hommous). Strange considering its on a college campus. The staff isn't very friendly. There are plenty of other places in LA to smoke hookah. Go there and not here.
First off I'd like to say that I've only eaten take out from Ali Baba. My rating is entirely on the food and not service. It is delicious and I would recommend the appetizer sampler that they have with all the different dips every time you eat there. Make sure you get extra bread!
OMG. LA's version of Mamouns. Delicious affordable falafel, FTW.
Food quality is poor. Service may be instantaneous, prices are low, but you're really getting just a bad imitation of what baba ganoush, falafel and all the delicious stuff is meant to be...
a solid option. delicious, filling meal, at a good price!
This place is disgusting and infested with flies (but not as bad as California Pizza). However, you will eat here many times because everyone blindly goes here because of the amount of advertising and 10% off coupons they litter the Drexel campus with. They also give out Cheese Pizza's for university events like it's going out of style. (HINT: It is.)

That being said, the Tim and John's Pizza is ridiculously amazing. Here is how to make your own:

Mix one part ranch or blue cheese dressing to two parts Frank's Red Hot for your pizza sauce.
Prep as a normal pizza, top with fried chicken tenders and mozzarella, or add cheddar for a kick!
I've only been to the upstairs of The Middle East. My first experience was kind of disappointing as it was dark as night in there (honestly, I couldn't see anything but the bands on stage) and was so crowded I barely had room to maneuver my beer to my mouth. Granted everyone and their mom were there for the heralded WBCN Rock N Roll Rumble and it sold out, but still. My second experience was much better - it wasn't overcrowded and I was able to see everything thanks to better lighting.

The place is probably the smallest club I've been to around Boston, maybe the size of a two-car garage. Kind of like a garage in need of remodeling, but nonetheless a great spot to see a band up close and personal.

I'm not sure if I'll ever take the opportunity to eat in the restaurant, which is where you have to walk through to get to the upstairs club. I feel bad standing in line waiting to get in as people around you are trying to eat. It has always been super crowded and loud - not really my idea of dinner atmosphere. Plus the booths and tables are pretty small.

Kind of tight quarters everywhere you go at the Middle East, including the daunting bathrooms. I think this is going to be a concert-only place for me. Oh, and someone please do something about the colors outside. Purple and yellow? That's bush league.
It's a good time if you don't mind throwing down some cash. 

I like being in Westwood, so I'm partial to the 'hood, but it has great atmosphere, lots of hooka options and I think fairly standard hooka prices... but it does get kinda expensive. 

Great music, comfy couches.
This place used to be something special. It used to be great.  Back in the day, it would have been five stars, without a doubt!

Now...the food is still very, very good, but the prices have gone up, big time...and I'm not talking, just inflationary increases...I'm talking about greedy ownership that knows they've got you hooked.  Quality has not gotten any better.  Portions have not gotten any bigger.  But everything is more expensive.  In fact, a lot of the times, they are overly stingy and hold back from giving you the pickles...you used to get several pita breads with your meal...and extra garlic was no charge....NOT ANYMORE!!!  Get ready to pay up!

Because of the prices, I almost never come here anymore...maybe once or twice a year...as opposed to once or twice a week.

Yes, the prices are not going to break your bank, but back in the day, this place was about great food at low prices...that's how it got so popular. 

Now it seems to only survive because of hipsters who seem to think they just discovered the next best thing...well sorry hipsters, cuz you're on the tail end of this trend
.
Do I sound jaded?  Probably because I remember how it used to be twenty years ago when my parents would drive from Pasadena all the way to North Hollywood, just to eat at Zankou...back when there was only one Zankou...now it seems the owners just got greedy.  Even my parents don't go here anymore.

I will still give them 3 stars though, because the food is very good.
It's probably the most ordinary name you can think of for a Mediterranean restaurant, but the food is anything but ordinary. Try the most amazing kebob in LA. Better yet, you don't have to be a rocket scientist (or a Caltech geek) to appreciate it.
Habibi sux. 

The food is okay but everything is overpriced and their is a min. charge. When I went here it was pretty whack since we had a couple of friends stop by (we had an outside table) and they stayed for like 15 min. The waiter rudely informed us there was a 10 dollar a min for person so we got stuck with an 80 dollar bill since I guess at one point, we had 8 people at our table (we were a party of 5). I thought this kind of sucked since we had only 2 hookahs and 2 appetizers. 

Staff service is terrible, rude and do nothing to accomodate, rather push you to get in and get out. Thank god i graduated and hopefully never subjected to trashy places like habibi (where persian men frequent try to grab your ass/hit on you/stare you down). No bueno.
This is my first review on yelp, but I was just so horrified that I had to share my experience.  

I had about an hour to get to class, so I decided to grab some food in Pasadena before it started.  If I have a choice, I choose not to eat fast food, so the closest healthy-ish restaurant was Zankou's!  And I've bookmarked this place for a while now.

I walked in with a friend and it was pretty empty.  (Well, it was about 3 o'clock!)  We ordered the Chicken Tarna Plate to share  because a lot of yelpers raved about it.  We got our food in less than ten minutes (much slower than Mediterranean cafe)  but the pita bread was hot!! (Unlike the 
lukewarm temperature of Mediterranean Cafe's) 

Anywho, we started digging in and the hummus was yummy! The chicken, not so much.  And there was no rice!  I'm Asian so i likey my rice.

We were 2/3 of our way done with it, then that was when it happened.  I spotted an eyelash/pubic hair on the side of our tray... I sat there fixated, trying not to gag.  I told my friend about the hair, but she continued to nibble on her pita bread.  I picked up my fork and dug into the chicken once again, and lifted it... only to find A LONG PIECE OF HAIR trailing behind the chicken.  This time I did gag.

Finally, I went up to the manager and I told him about the hairs.  He didn't look very surprised..  Actually, his face was emotionless.  He gave me a whispered "Sorry" and then rushed back to the kitchen.  When he came back out, I think he was about to prepare another plate for us, but we kindly refused.  

I checked out all the other reviews and no other yelper has ever experienced something like this... I was just so disappointed with my experience.  Also, one last thing; I looked around at the kitchen helpers, and they were all men... with short hair.  I don't understand.
Amazing and unique (for upstate NY) bread. Very nice staff.
I havent been here in a year or 2. Having said that:

a) it should be a fire hazard inside with all the pillows and coals all over the place and randomness that makes this place the perfect example of a fire hazard. 

b) the hookahs are alright, could be better.. I mean isnt the owner Middle Eastern, and seeing how he is here EVERY night shouldnt he know by instinct the hookahs arent being made correctly??
Thursday nights are solid if you're looking for a good dance party. Great mix of funk, 80s classics (listening to some into the groove by Madonna right now) and the dj does an alright job of keeping people moving. Every so often he'd lose the crowd but that just gives you time to hang outside and smoke your cigarette. One of the better dance places in Cambridge if you don't want to listen to top 40 and Journey garbage.
Probably would have been four stars if we hadn't gotten a weird you-don't-belong-here vibe.  The food overall was great- we gorged ourselves on the baba ganooj, the plantanos fritos (my favorite by far- try it!!), brik, falafal, and kebabs.  Oooh, and I very much enjoyed the chocolate baklava sundae.  (I'm shocked we didn't need a fork lift to remove us from the table.)  We liked everything except the falafal, which tasted kind of burnt on the outside.  The space is really cute and fun, there's a small bar area, a couple of couches along one wall, and tables across the way.  But back to the weird vibe- we clearly didn't fit the mold here, which we were fine with, but we sort of felt like the staff treated us a bit differently....maybe we're just sensitive?!  In their defense they did seem to warm up to us.
ZuZu-actually gets FIVE stars-I love this little place! Great ambiance, great bartenders, awesome shows, cheap or no cover-and I always regret not getting the food. I call this the little adult place for hipsters who have all grown up and want a comfortable and elegant place to lounge on the sofas or gather large groups. The food is a tad pricey, but better than the adjoining Middle East Resturant. The bar is nicely set up and the drinks are strong and the bartenders and waiters are so friendly-really! The jukebox gives Charles a run for its money and selection. There are so many awesome events that happen at night from DJs and dancing to movie nights to bands and god knows what else. It just is so happening-for the older set who wants a bit more and not so into the scenester crap any more, but doesn't want to join the yuppie rat race either in downtown xing.
Strange place.
East Side Pockets and I met today. And it is somewhere that I won't soon forget. First I was a little turned off by the line out the door, I wanted scram out of there. But then my com padre and I realized that the line was moving rather fast. We both ended up getting the falafel wrap with everything on it and shared lentil soup. The way they made the wraps was so neat, so efficient, and so clean I couldn't believe it. The whole assembly and preparation of the food is like a very well oiled machine. It was also a delight that this amazing food didn't cost an arm and a leg. Com padre and I sit at a table and start to eat and instantly we are in love. We chowed down like there was no tomorrow. ESP had a steady stream of customers in and out, the dining are was packed as well. It is safe to say that they have a loyal clientele and a good reputation around town.
Honestly the best falafel that's ever entered my mouth and down a network of intestines.  It makes me despise other falafels elsewhere.  If Saca's falafels were a regime that systematically took out all other falafels, I would be very supportive of that.

I will be back to try everything else.
A really nice little place with a good lunch-counter vibe. I had the beef kabobs and a side of grape leaves, and both were quite good. My boyfriend had the falafel which was outstanding. The food is a little on the oily side, but that's just my personal taste. This place is fast, cheap, and pretty good. I will be coming here again next time I'm in Pasadena.
i really like this place a lot. maybe my falafel palate isn't that well developed though because other people have told me that it actually sucks. (including miss sonali m., the falafel expert of the bay area.) it's the perfect place to go after a night of drinking in central.
Came here for lunch break the other day, and man was it packed! We luckily got there at a decent time where we didnt have to wait in line for too long before getting to order. 

My order came out in good time, but the 3 others that I came with ended up waiting over 20minutes for their food (which the cashiers blamed on loosing the receipts behind the register only to later find)

I the tri-tip that I ordered was pretty good but nothing fantastic, and although it filled me up, I can see myself going somewhere else for lunch in the future. It was a nice change, and I'm sure the overall consensus of this place is that its good, but it just wasn't up to par for me.
Delicious falafels. I got the tabbouleh and hummus on flatbread; generous helping of both tabbouleh and hummus and it was delicious. Service was fast and friendly. Great for a quick and good meal.
This place is my latest addition. I love the chicken tarna plate. And I get the tabbouleh salad is amazing. Prices reasonable usually crowded but I never wait too long for my food.
Insanely Good.
Shwarma Wrap is the way to go.
Get extra garlic. Their garlic sauce is literally one of the best things you can ever eat.
Make sure to get there before 2 on Saturdays.
Despite the fact that this place closes early, goes on vacation, and is closed Sundays, its always packed and cookin. 
The reason: Pure greatness.
When I went back to Penn, years after my graduation, I wanted to remind myself of the foods I missed. Well Hummus wasn't around when I was an undergrad but my partner and I still loved it. We were looking for a light early dinner and this place was perfect. The hummus is super creamy and delicious. It is not outrageously expensive and the portions are generous.
Very casual little joint. I found the food to be bland and forgettable, which is too bad because this is a place I wanted to like. The people seem nice.
Every time I think about Mediterranean Cafe, I can't help but think how delicious it is. The chicken shawerma is so yummy! If you're looking for a really casual and cheap bite to eat, Mediterranean Cafe is the way to go.
To this day, I have been unable to find a falafel better than the one East Side Pockets has to offer. I've been coming here since they opened and always found it refreshing to see the owners toiling away behind the counter. Good for them and for their success, and can't wait until my next trip back home to Providence for a falafel sandwich.
I LOVE coming here for my Mediterranean food! Portions are HUGE (enough for two meals) and the food is DELICIOUS! I usually just get the plates and with that you get Hummus, Pita bread, Chicken, some kind of salad thing. All delicious! The best part of this meal is the garlic sauce they give you. I can't find this anywhere else and I always ask for more. You MUST come here for a try!
If the name of a place is "Falafel Palace", you would think that they should have pretty good falafel.  Sadly, my first falafel here after 14 years walking by the place was cold, spongy, and greasy.  Sad.  There is nothing worse than cold falafel.
Was in Boston for a weekend and ate here two days in a row.  The place gets crowded and there was a wait both days, but it may be one of the best places ive ever had breakfast.  Definitely go here, and definitely wait for a table.
The food is okay, a bit dry and bland.  The wait is sometimes, no OFTEN, quite long and you're just standing there (often outside in the cold rain/snow --  well I only tried that once, it's just not worth it) because it only seats 10 people (and that is done very uncomfortably). 

During my last trip, twice I saw people who ordered what I ordered, but after me and for take-out, get theirs before me.  Hello?  I waited twenty minutes and the professor who took me there finished her food long before mine showed up.  Lame.  That was my fourth time there and I vowed at that moment to never return to this immobile food cart of a dive again.
Great and inexpensive.  I've never tried anything I didn't like.  Thinking about the grape leaves with some hummus spread on them is making my mouth water...
let's put it this way... it's soo great when we can share our fav place to our kiddos... places we've been going to way b4 they were even conceived... haha ;)

this is one of those place that r still open n running well after decades... so they must've been doing something great... well they DO!!!

shawarma & roasted chicken, humus, garlic spread, pickled radish, tabouleh... everything is really delish, u can never go wrong =D

price is just right... u can park in the front n there's also parking in the back... fast n friendly service...
Algiers has lots of corners for getting lost in a book or a conversation over mint tea.  I've spent a number of evenings around one of the small Moroccan tables, sharing baklava and watching snow fall, or enjoying the breeze from the terrace.  

The food is good (try the lentil dish!), with large portions and reasonable prices.  The service is good enough.  The atmosphere - and the fact that they're open late - is what keeps me coming back.
Hummus is the backbone of any great falafel sandwich and theirs is some of the best I've had. It's thick and rich, without being too much. The pitas are always overflowing and filling, all for $5 and under!

In addition to the falafel, I recommend trying the lamb gyro. Also, the desserts here a hidden gem - the baklava and semolina cake are superb. My personal favorite is the milk pudding. So unusual and delightful.

The waitpeople are super friendly and responsive. Highly recommended.
4.5 stars!
Man, I still remember the first time I went to Zankou Chicken. I was still in high school and was chilling in Burbank one day when my mom and I got hungry and decided to pop in at the San Fernando Rd location for some chicken. After that first taste of the garlic paste on that cool October day I was hooked...

Now fast forward to 3 years later. I was shopping in Old Town back in May and decided to stop by on the way home for some kickass garlic sauce. I ordered a whole chicken and was kind of sad that the price had gone up 20 cents. But whatevers, after all I was still getting a WHOLE chicken for under 10 bucks. With pita bread, pickles, GARLIC PASTE. I've been going at least once a week since that one day and honestly, the chicken isn't as amazing as I remember it being three years ago. But it is still FRIGN TASTY.

As for the garlic paste, you can't go to Zankou Chicken without eating that stuff. If you're going to go to Zankou and not have the garlic paste, you might as well not eat there! I have no idea what it is about that stuff, it's just so sexy. When I first tasted it, I thought it was some combination of lard and garlic but it doesn't smell like pork fat at all. The wonderful thing about it is that it also has citrus-y overtones from lemon juice so it's a little bit tangy. D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. I put it on everything, including the tritip shawarma sandwich. (Know that sometimes the workers there will flip their eyes at you if you ask for more)

The service is also so so, I guess it depends on what time you decide to pop in. There's this one awesome lady who is always so nice and she laughs when I ask for garlic paste because she recognizes me and tells me she has no problem giving it to me since my asking for more can only mean that it is delicious! However, this one time, I ordered a tarna wrap and asked for some garlic paste on the side since my friend likes to have garlic paste in her tritip shawerma sandwich as well(tritip shawerma sandwiches have tahini sauce instead of garlic paste) and the lady refused to let me have any, saying the cook had already put garlic paste in my sandwich. -____-

recap:
rotisserie chicken: its kind of dry now, but the skin is amazing and you'll love it if you're a skin eater(unfortunately, I am not) also, the garlic paste definitely compensates for the dryness of the chicken so it is still acceptable.

hommus: beautiful.
muttabal: sexy. 
tarna chicken: frign delicious, but can be on the salty side sometimes.
tritip shawerma: delicious, but not as delicious as the tarna chicken is, in my opinion.
falafel: Despite that it does lean towards the salty side, it is SOME OF THE MOST DELICIOUS FALAFEL I HAVE HAD!

overall: very delicious food, though it's a little bit expensive now with sandwiches at approximately 5 dollars each(they used to be right under four dollars!). Making a trip out here once a week would not do too much harm to your wallet, plus the yummy food is so worth it. Now prepare to DIG IN!
We walked in, starving.  We asked for french fries.  "Out of french fries."  We asked for chicken fingers. "No chicken fingers today."  We finally settled for hummus (which of course makes more sense for a falafel place)--fine as far as hummus goes, but the pitas were cold and flavourless, and very few!  I can't complain about the decor or atmosphere--clean and simple--but we left as hungry as we came!
I have been seeing live music at the Middle East for twenty-something years.  Last night I came to see Lez Zeppelin downstairs.  I don't know where to begin with my disappointment so I guess I'll start from the beginning when I walked through to side door to greet the hipster-type in charge of putting bracelets on the wrists of those who are old enough to drink alcoholic beverages.  I was with my boyfriend and we both shared our licenses with the woman standing behind the cash register, next the the hipster bracelet guy.  She checked our names off the Will Call list.  The bracelet guy asked my boyfriend for his right arm to give him a pink bracelet.  I then held out my right arm.  He then said, "No, your left arm, please."  I was confused.  "Pardon me?", I said.  "Your license is expired.  Let me give you this black bracelet to wear on your left wrist.  You will not be drinking tonight."  Really?  Really?!  I am a hard working school teacher who planned on enjoying some live music and drinking a nice cold beer after a long, hard week at work.  I am 44 years old and my license had expired one month ago.  It completely slipped my mind and in the madness of the busy life I lead, I didn't even realize it was time to renew.  I was stunned.  I actually had to wear a special "I can't drink" bracelet at age 44 because of an expired license.  Is this a real law?  I will investigate.  The guy was a smarmy little jerk and I probably should have asked to speak to the owner, who I have met in passing many times.  

Instead, we went into the room downstairs and listened to two hideous bands over an absolutely horrible sound system as we struggled for oxygen and air conditioning. Further, the headlining band was not at their best, so we left after two songs.  What a crappy experience.  It's going to take a really decent act to ever draw me back.  

And , to the jerk who carded at the door on Friday night, April 13th - I hope you're enjoying your tiny little power trip.  If I do have the displeasure of seeing you again in the future, I will ask you for your left arm so I can adorn it with a neon orange bracelet that reads. "Pretentious Ass."
Tucked away where you can ONLY enter from the back parking lot is a blue curtained patio mini-restaurant called Mediterranean Cafe.

A friend suggested this place, because I wanted to try something new and cheap. I got both of my requested fulfilled with this place. I have never had Mediterranean food at all, except maybe a salad or something, but I went in with an open mind.

The menu is pretty basic, with plates on one side, pita wraps and a la carte goodies on the other. Since I've been wanting to try falafel for FOR so long, I opted to get the plate. (I had it once before, I think from Famima, wasn't too good, then again it wasn't fresh out of the fryer..)

My plate of food came within seconds of me ordering it, which made me LOVE the place right off the bat. Place wasn't too crowded, and the price was dirty cheap (plate was $6.50 with 2 pita breads), which made my wallet a happy camper.

The food was excellent, loved the falafel and the tahini sauce it came with it. My friend said a lot of people didn't like the pickled radish that came with my salad, but I didn't really mind it at all, since I'm used to eating pickled vegetables (like carrots, daikon, cabbage, pickles..). But I really liked the garlic sauce that my friend got with his beef kabob plate.

Probably ate a little TOO fast to enjoy the spices that was in the falafel, but I will want to come back to try this place again, but maybe the lamb kabob plate.

Just a note, might want to bring a piece of gum; the aftermath of all of that onion and garlic can really get to you.
Great tasting side dishes and awesome, creamy hummus!!  The condiment bar is also tasty!

If you are looking for a quick, yummy bite of flavor, check out Falafel King!  It's been around in Westwood forever and there's a reason why.

At first you'll have to discover what you like by trial and error.  The serving staff is NOT helpful so it's almost pointless to ask.  Just peer thru the glass case and see what looks good.

Another Plus: It's located right next to the white Broxton parking structure where you get parking free for 2 hours (i think as long as it's before 6pm)
This review is a 3.5 being rounded up because of the delightful owner, she is the sweetest thing and so happy to describe Taza's offerings for you. My falafel was tasty and packed with flavor, the patties were lightly fried so they were on the softer side which I liked very much. JB got a lamb shawarma and it undoubtedly got his seal of approval. Our wraps cost 7 and 9 respectively, they were a bit on the small side which would make for a satisfying lunch but definately not enough to fill our bellies for dinner.
I'm vegetarian and love all of the options here. This is a very reliable place for a relatively quick roll up. I like mixing a side into my roll-up. My favorite is the falafel rollup with hummus. It's just a buck extra. My husband likes the baba ganoush with grape leaves. They have AWESOME turkish coffees but they do take a while. Definitely worth the wait if you have a place to sit. I like having the birds nest with the coffee. The cashew fingers are so-so - lots of filo.

The guys behind the counter will smile if you smile at them first. I think they call it moody's for a reason! :-) Just be pleasant and hopefully they'll be pleasant back. I actually got a free dessert here once for asking how one guy was doing (he seemed stressed) which was a big surprise. I love, too, how they grill their roll-ups. It definitely makes a difference.
I'm getting seriously addicted to this place. It compares favorably with my other favorite Persian spot (Moby Dick in DC), and of course is much more accessible ;) I stick to the lunch specials, either the koobideh or the kabob. Lots of food for the money. If you are in a rush, probably best to call ahead and carry out. Personally I like to come here with a book and take my time. Unlike other places they're smart enough to let you relax.
Fantastic falafel sandwich, hommus is fresh, prices inexpensive.  I always stop in if I'm in Cambridge.
Best. Bread. Ever. The food was ok Middle Eastern fare, the service was meh.

But the bread. Holy moley. Drool-like typing detected. The bread is so very, very yummy.
This review is going to be on the restaurant part of the place. While I've been to a few shows here, which were all great, I want to focus on the food. Overall, this place serves very good Middle-Eastern and Mediterranean food. Grape leaves are the best from a restaurant I've ever had. The only better tasting ones I've had were from the kitchen of my friend's Turkish grandmother. All other dishes I've had here were always great and based on my friend with the Turkish grandmother, authentic tasting. Service has always been pleasant and attentive. Prices are reasonable. Ask for a table by the front so you can people watch on Mass Ave.
This dump is the major venue for all the Russian concerts.  That is just sad.  Our people have higher standards then this. 

The food is awful, nasty and gross.  I think the hungry African kids featured in the Christian charities commercials will not eat this. But ok, I didnt come here for the food, right.  I came for the show and the drinks. 

The drinks - took us at least 20 min to get some drinks, and we are "the hot Russian Jew chicks", you know.  I guess my god given gifts weren't that attractive that night.  Moreover, we got overcharged by $6 on a $20 dollar bill. 

The bouncers are a-holes, Im sorry, one of them was seriously high on crack or some other illegal substance. And I am not just saying that, he really was. 

The downstairs is "down the toilet".  This "club" has a cover charge.  I think they ought to pay me to go there.  Its hot, humid, and nasty and disgusting.  The sound is a little better then my old laptops speakers. The floor hasn't seen a mop since the birth of Jesus H. Christ.  The bathroom....I have no words, Id rather pee outside and risk getting arrested for peeing in public and/or indecent exposure.
The Mediterranean Cafe is my favorite place in Pasadena to get take out.  Service is fast, the quality of the food is top-notch, and the value is awesome.  If these meals were served at a full-scale restaurant, you'd pay twice as much.

As I mentioned in my earlier review, you get 2 large kebabs, rice, salad, hummus, and a pita for $8.  It's definitely good eating and chain restaurants like Daphne's do not come close.  Meat is perfectly cooked over fire.  It's charbroiled, yet juicy.  It goes perfectly with the rice and some of that garlic sauce.  

I also like the Tabbouleh, which is a salad with parsley, wheat, tomatoes, and lemon juice, but I realize that parsley isn't for everyone.  

This place is the ultimate hidden gem and it's my recommendation to all my friends in the area.  If you are in Pasadena and you need a place for lunch, definitely check it out.  Note the hours.  Because this restaurant is family owned and operated, it is only open till 7pm on weekdays and till 3pm on Sat.
For the several years I spent in the Cambridge area, I never once ventured into this place, mainly because it was close to some graffiti, etc. But I think they keep it like this intentionally. 

When I finally managed to go there one day, I was impressed with the food.

Firstly they have a lot of veggie options. I liked the mujadra, and the beans.

I remember liking the falafel also.
I really wanted to love this place.  It's cool colors, decor, and overall vibe are great.  The service and food, however, were only okay.  The hostess could not (or just would not) smile  - maybe smiling's overrated? - and she forgot to give us menus. The waiter didn't know much about the beer options, led us to believe that the portions were smaller than they were (so we ordered too much - and we're not light eaters), and then actually gave us the wrong meal (we'd ordered the veggie & tofu tangine, not morrocan, but we got the latter - at least it was still vegetarian and the same price ;).  Seems like the staff spent lots of time putting on hip clothes and makeup but forgot, or never learned, how to wait tables.

So, I'd give it another try b/c again - it's a very cute space and they do at least offer some decent veggie food (better than some restaurants). Also, from what I hear/read - the music & dancing is fun late night and may be worth checking out.
the maamoun w fig tasted like a dry fig newton for $1.50 a bite. also slathered on mayo in a Lebanese chicken wrap is not a good sign for the rest of the menu.
I've been eating Zankou for many years now!  It's good for you but not so much for your breath!!  That garlic paste is tasty yet strong and you will definitely pay for it later.

I've tried just about everything here but my go to item is the half chicken plate - no pickles.  I still have not developed a liking for the purple pickles.  FYI, even though they are delicious, the kebabs take a long time so keep this in mind if you are hungry!

Yesterday, I needed to buy for 7 people.    Ordering a half chicken plate for each person can get really expensive!  This would be almost $80.  Here is what I ordered: 2 whole chickens, large side of hummus, small side of tabbouleh salad, small side of mutabbal, half chicken plate, garden salad and 1 falafel.  This was under $55.  I probably ordered too much food but I rather have too much than too less.  In our group of 7, we had some who will only eat dark meat and some who will only eat white so it all works out.  

I don't like the parking lot here so I always park on the streets.
ohh Pita Pita! You are by far one of my most favorite places to eat in Pasadena!

I get the same thing every time I go, which is the Garlic Chicken Plate. I usually like to take it back to work and eat there. I like to get everything separate, because in doing so you get more of everything. Instead of piling together all of your rice, beans, salad and chicken into one to go box, you get each in a separate container which hold way more.

Anyways, the workers and owners are always very accommodating to me when i ask for this and I usually tip them for the extra trouble they go through to do so. The food is very good and I always look forward to coming back here and will sincerely miss this place when I no longer work right down the street.

Your a class act Pita Pita!!
One of my favorite spots, love love love this place! Great food, friendly staff!
Call me myopic, but I think I would've enjoyed my meal at Tallulas had I stuck with ordering some stereotypical Mediterranean favorites like hummus, falafel and tabbouleh. What I ordered was way too meat-heavy for my palate. While delicious, the Yaprak Doner Kebabi contained an overwhelming pile of shaved lamb atop toasted bread cubes, all resting on a yogurt/tomato sauce. I lost my good judgment when the waiter hyped the meal as only available on Fridays and Saturdays--and described the succulent depth of flavor. However, I just feel better when I have a little meat and lots of vegetables. 

My Uludag Gazoz beverage--a Turkish soda--was quite refreshing with its faint fruitiness. 

Huge Afghan rugs covered the walls, and wooden cabinets and chests with complex compartments decorated the restroom. The worldly vibe and friendly service pleased me... I truly regret not being narrow-minded and ordering a lighter dish.
Shawarma King is owned by an Egyptian in the location of the former Falafel King 2.  It has been completely remodeled.  This is not your standard gyro place the specialty here is "shawarma" that is grilled on a spit.  It has an open kitchen where you can dine at the food bar and watch.  Their menu is Shawarma, Shish Kabab, Gyros, Falafel, Vegetable, Family Dining ( Large meals for more than 1 person).  

What sets this place apart is that it's the first place approved by the Seattle King County Health Dept to serve BEEF and CHICKEN SHAWARMA because it's made in-house requiring the meat to marinate for 1 week.   Nobody else prepares their meat in-house that I know of?  Most restaurants buy their gyro meat pre-made.  So your choices are beef or chicken shawarma or gyro meat on a spit.  All you'll ever see in the other restaurants is just gyro meat on 1 spit. 

My wife and I shared the Family Dining - $14.99 mix grill tray (sampling of their menu) which comes with beef, lamb, chicken and kofta kabab, hummus, salad pickled Veggies, garlic, tehini sause and pita bread made for 2 or more.  It was more food than the 2 of us could finish.  

For the after-bar/club crowd they're open until 3am Thursday-Saturday (means open 1 hour later than Dick's Drive-In).  They have a lounge area that looks made to smoke hookah, but alas the hookah is only for decoration.  There is no liquor license here, but I've heard there are women dancing on the tables in the lounge area--must be the after-bar crow? They have a flat-screen playing what looks like the equivalent of middle eastern MTV but I think the fundamentalist would not approve of the images because the women on the screen didn't have their heads covered nor other parts of the body (PG in America).   This is the best Shawarma in Seattle, because nobody else makes it from scratch.
Just visited this quaint Middle-Eastern style coffe house/restaurant on a beautiful sunny Tuesday. The ambiance is wonderful and getting a seat out on their little upstairs patio was delightful for enjoying the weather. Staff was pleasant but slow, pricing is reasonable an dthey serve breakfast all day!
This place is very good! 

Try the 
-Garlic Chicken
-lamb kabob
-Roasted Chicken

Portions are large, people are nice.. you can order ahead so you don't have to wait.

The pita chips are very good, especially with their beans!

The only bad thing is that they recently raised their prices and they charge you for every little thing! 

Aside from that I love the place!
Amir's is my favorite place to get a quick, cheap, tasty lunch near campus.    the staff maintain a friendly and calm demeanor at all times.  I'm a huge fan of the baba ganoush platter.  consistent quality, speedy service, add some hot sauce, you're good to go.

update:  I felt I should mention that I used to get the beef shawarma, but once it was kind of stringy & gristly.  Yuck.  But i continue to strongly endorse the baba ganoush.
OK fine.  I'm totally a regular.  A regular on Thursdays for the day's special.  People always ask me what it is, but quite honestly, I have no. idea.  I think it's blended grape leaves, which creates a lovely stew base for some big chunks o' moist (yes, moist) chix breast, and topped with raw white onion, vinegar, and lemon. Nom nom nom.

Update: the greens are jute leaves, a healthy green that grows in Egypt and other places around there... TYum
This place, as Yelp would say, is as good as Falafel and Shwarma gets.

I often get the Lamb or Chicken Shwarma wrap (depending on which one looks freshest)  and you will not believe the deliciousness that ensues after you open the foil.

I sometimes order the Falafel which is less amazing than the Shwarma but is STILL SUPERB and great for the veggies.

After discovering the Foul (pronounced Foooool), which is a red bean salad with pomegranate and a yummy dressing, I now have them put some in my wrap for only $1 extra. Who would say no to extra protein and extra scrumptiousness? I don't know.

Go get some today, or tonight since they're open until 3am!
Late night falafel is a necessity when I'm riding my bike home from a raucous night, and I can't imagine a better summer late-night than sitting on the curb in front of Makkah, listening to the birds wake up, gnawing on falafel (hot sauce please) with friends, our bikes strewn across the sidewalk. 

More than falafel though, this place is a great local grocery. Get your yogurt and feta, falafel mix and broad beans, phyllo and couscous right here. The giant cans of hummus (surprisingly delicious), stuffed grapes leaves and baklava have saved my reception-making ass, many a party, more times than I can count.
This place gets some pretty good bands coming through - I've even signed up for their newsletter so that I don't miss anything. 

The basement venue has good acoustics, ticket prices are relatively low, and it's small and intimate, so there's great visibility to the band and you know the people crowding around you are really into the music (which just makes the whole experience way more authentic than a larger place). The one drawback is that some of the more popular shows sell out quickly - just another reason to be on their newsletter I guess!
I have mixed feelings about blue nile.  Sometimes the lentil soup is amazing, but other times it has been watered down or there are burnt bits in it from them not stirring it enough (and they still serve it?!)  However, the hummus is really good and so are several other entrees.  As another reviewer mentioned the half sizes are plenty enough food.  My only other complaint is that whenever we go here it seems really dead.  I generally prefer the Olive House.
Awesome food!!! They also have great taste in soccer.
Went for lunch here today.  I enjoy Lebanese food so I was anxious to try the place.  Since it was my first time I decided to try a number of appetizers: falafel, zataar thing and hummus special.

The hummus special has seasoned ground meat on top along with olive oil and pine nuts.  It tasted really good however I don't know that the added meat did much for it.  I would have to go back and try the hummus "non-special" (i.e. regular) to confirm.  The menu makes a big deal of "their bread" so I assume they make the pita like things there and I did like that they didn't taste like they had come out of a bag.  They were not outstanding but quality.

The zataar flatbread was more tasty than the pita.  I couldn't tell if it was the same bread as the pita with zataar spread on it but the baking of the bread with olive oil gave it a slightly different texture when combined with the hummus special was very tasty.

For me their falafel were OK and satisfied my falafel desires however I wouldn't go back because of them.

Now for stuff I wasn't thrilled about... they only had sodas in a can, which always bums me out (minus one star immediately).  

The second thing was that I actually wanted to combine the zataar thing with another appetizer that had feta cheese.  Kind of making like a middle east pizza.  The waiter said it was all in the computer system and there was no way to do that.  I asked him if he could charge me for a side of feta and have the cook sprinkle it on and he said no.  Now in a big restaurant where everything is typed in a sent back to the kitchen which is cranking out food I could understand... however that is not how this place is.  When the host/waiter/server was not talking to a customer (which was most of the time) he was sitting on a stool in the kitchen... which I could see from my seat.  He was actually talking to the cook the entire time.  The menu clearly had prices for adding things to entrees so this could have been resolved and he could have told the cook to prepare the item as requested.

The bottom line... I'm a fan of Pita Plus down the road.  I think I like the taste of Pita Plus a little more and I feel the service is much better as well.  That being said it might also be a personal taste thing... so it is worth giving a try if you like Lebanese food.
Hands down, my favorite falafel place in the world. There are more falafel spots popping up near campus, but I'm still a loyal fan of Sunrise Deli. 

My first falafel experience was disappointing; dry, crumbly, and weirdly spiced. Not how I'd imagine a delicious ball of fried garbanzo beans to taste :( I stayed away from falafel for years, but upon taking a reluctant bite of my friend's Sunrise Deli falafel sandwich, that experience has been more than redeemed. 

I've tried falafel sandwiches elsewhere, but this is still my favorite. Crispy on the outside, tender and perfectly seasoned on the interior, encased in thin pita bread and accompanied by a generous smattering of vegetables... this is as good as it gets. Sunrise Deli, please don't ever change.
MMmm persian food!! It's not as good as home cooked but it's ok when you're far from home. It's a little pricey but the portions are HUGE and, in my opinion, make up for the price.  Their baghali polo is great - I'm used to a little more dill but it's fine.  The kebobs are tasty and we've come back here a few times already.
We never had to wait for a table and the service was good.
As a first time customer I had no idea what to order. I'm not familiar with the cuisine and I'm sure the lady behind the counter saw it in my mannerism. She was patient and took the time to explain everything as well as have me taste it. The Beef Kabob turned out to be delicious! It was like a parade of goodness in my mouth.

If you're looking for something quick, cheap and buonissimo this is the place for you.
I am truely sorry that Allie B. is so confused...

East Side Pocket is the best! After a little while I was a regular, and when I'd come in they'd wave and start right on my order. If I called my order in ahead, after I was done giving my order (since it was always exactly the same) they'd go, "oh hi Erica... " if it was someone who knew me. 

There's always a little treat if you tip, baklava or a falafel or something. And the falafels are perfect. Fresh, light on the inside, crispy on the outside. Perfect, the way a falafel is  supposed to be. My favorite however is the Caesar salad wrap..... strangely enough, they make my favorite ever. The chicken is marinated in what would seem like magic and the dressing is perfect. YUMMMM
loved it. but they forced us to sit outside one hour prior to close with the smokers. bad management decision. stick to your posted hours. clean up is part of the biz.
Pita Kabob has the rare confluence of a relaxed atmosphere, deliciously greasy food, friendly staff, and involved local ownership that make a restaurant worthy of becoming a favorite. My friend introduced me to this place during my sophomore year at UM, urging me to try the Meghan's Falafel pita. To put it simply: that sandwich changed my life. Since then, I've remained a regular customer. Now, the owner (who will likely take your order if you stop in for lunch) even recognizes my voice when I place a carry-out order.

It's important to know what to expect when you go to PK. This isn't a fancy place, so the interior isn't much to look at, but this makes it a more attractive option. You see, unlike larger cities, Ann Arbor doesn't have a street food scene. Sure, we have a few hot dog carts and used to have Pilar's Tamales, but nothing like Portland. That's where places like PK and BTB come into play: they serve street food inside a permanent establishment. Approach it with that in mind, and you can't go wrong.

When you get here, you should have the Meghan's Falafel. Seriously, do it. PK even says that's the must-have sandwich on its website. As others have noted, the crushed lentil soup is good as well. Buy a piece of baklava, which is fresh from Dearborn. After you've done the basics, explore the rest of their menu. Feel free to take your sandwich to the Diag, but at some point you should sit in the restaurant. Eating a pita sandwich and French fries while sipping a fountain soda here is reminiscent of the pizza places and coffee shops that, it seems, every sitcom has. The only difference: this food is delicious.
Came here to eat with two friends. We sat for awhile to catch up. It was a very casual atmosphere. makes me think of a fast food joint but a little better. 

Prices seemed reasonable. Portion size seems big. Enough to share. There's street parking and a back parking lot. 

There's staff that walks around asking if we needed boxes, if everything is ok, or if we needed anything else. Which was pretty cool for a fast food dine in restaurant.

Fountain beverages that you can constantly refill on your own. Grab your own utensils and napkins. 

on their menu: Chicken kebobs, beef [shish] kebobs, rotisserie chicken, pita bread, rice & faffels. Very short and simple menu. Not a huge variety. personally i thought the chicken tasted better. each plate came with pita bread, hummus, and dipping sauce. 

Cash or credit. 

Please clean up after yourself! there's a trash can where you can go dispose your own items. I saw many people leave their trash and staff would have to go dump it and clean it. Thats totally not cool! especially if you're not giving them any tips. They're human beings too!
It doesn't get much better than a place that serves up fresh, fantastic food and remembers their customers. These guys should be proud. 

I came here for the first time under the advice of a friend. Based on that decision, maybe I'll allow my friend to advise on all my life choices. I ordered the chicken pocket with everything in it. It came with fresh off the grill chicken, hot sauce, banana peppers, lettuce, olives, feta, and creamy tzatziki sauce. They knew I was a first time customer and threw in some falafel for bonus points.

I went for my next level pocket maneuver by coming back three days later for the same with some falafel in my pocket. Heaven was a place firmly gripped in my hands.
Again they remembered me and again gave me something else for free. 

Great food and great service! I can't ask for more! And I can't wait to go back!
Was in the area and my friend decided that falafel was a good call.  I've always been a little confused between this place and Aladdin's Gyrocery down the street, and I've little to no experience with falafel or this kind of food.  Overall, I liked it, it's a good deal for what you're getting, and the service is quick, and the food is filling (and tasted good, I'm pretty sure that's important too).  Not being a college student anymore, I don't have much reason to go there (regularly), but if you're in the area, sure, it's a good place to grab a bite.
Meh, this place was really over hyped I feel.  It was good, but not Amazing like everyone was claiming it would be.  I ordered the Chicken Tarna plate.  I was really excited about this so called bomb diggity garlic spread, but it was actually kind of weird.  And I usually love garlic spread anything, but sorry to say, not at Zankou.  The portions were more than enough that's for sure, I was stuffed and only had half of the plate.  It was also quite heavy, I don't think this place is actually genuinely healthy, everything seemed greasy and oily.  

What did save Zankou from being a straight up fail was the hummus and the pita.  Something about that hummus just made me want to eat it by the spoonful.  I was putting it on everything, my chicken, my salad, my finger.... 

Other than that, I probably wouldn't go back unless I was in the area and looking for some quick mediterranean food.
I came in here on a whim and got a mint Orange hot chocolate. It was amazing...
I LOVE good Turkish food!!  Eastern Mediterranean food in general is great. Houston has loads of small Turkish places, but when a friend wanted to meet for lunch here, I was eager to go, as I love trying new places. Often (generally) I'm underwhelmed, but not this time. Istanbul Grill really impressed me.

It's a small place tucked away in the heart of "I'm rich and tacky, so worship me" Rice Village and for that reason, I had my doubts, but this little place couldn't be less pretentious. Laid back decor, great food, really good waitresses, and it won't break the bank. What more could you want from a restaurant?  I recommend you try the dish called Iskander Grill. Honestly beyond delicious!!

If you're in Rice Village and tired of the wanna be millionaires (don't look directly at them, it'll burn your retinas) and you just want to chill out and relax with some great Turkish food, this is the place for you. For my money, and it was my money, one of the better Turkish places in the city. 

Oh, if you see me, yes, I DO love baklava, thank you!!
this is good stuff... chicken was bomby bomb. yes.. i agree everyone that works there is just a bit too moody. but the chicken was delicious and that garlic spread thing???! amazing! im not a fan of sauce.. but that stuff.. woooo.. i mean the chicken is good without the garlic sauce. the sauce just makes it 10times better
This place is great! I tried my first falafel here and I simply fell in love. The staff is quick and once your order is ready they place it on a little holder next to the salad bar where you can customize it with their various toppings including romaine, onions, tomatoes, and a selection of sauces. The place is quite small with three or four seats and it's pretty hot in here.
I don't care what deep, dark family history there is here, but their chicken schwarma is the bestest. (Yes, I know that isn't a real word but their chicken is beyond jump a simple, meager "best") I was never too crazy about that little garlic dip that comes with the meal, so if you want, you could skip that. 

The chicken schwarma plate comes with a little side of pickled salad, hummus and this other dip. I'd say the yummiest way to devour this is to take a little bit of chicken, stick it on your warm pita bread, dip a little of the hummus and the other dip. Place it in your mouth and chew BUT don't swallow... stick a pickle pink thing in your mouth and ... yum. I wouldn't eat it any other way. 

I wasn't too thrilled with the beef schwarma.

I am not a big fan of the olive oil on my hummus so I usually ask for no oil.

If you head to the Pasadena location, their cashiers are super nice. If you head to the Anaheim location, be prepared for some sleazy looking onlookers to watch you eat your chicken schwarma.
I came here because I was craving falafel and hummus, so I went on yelp and this place popped up. I never really noticed this place even though I past by it soooo many times while going to school.

I ordered the Regular Falafel which had falafel(obviously), hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, tahini sauce in a pita bread. It was pretty good, I LOVED the falafels, they were so crispy and flavorful. I am a bit confused as to where all the hummus went though... or maybe i was the hummus and tahini sauce got mixed together and I couldnt find it. I tasted a little bit of hummus, but couldn't really find that hummus texture.

Still, it is a $4.99 is a very good price for a falafel sandwich and I am stuffed. I just wish it had more hummus.
Just not worth it-too many other good resturants near by to have a drink and appetizers before a show-awkward set up, sub-par food, bad service.
First of all, I am not an expect at Middle-Eastern cuisine at all. It is not a favorite of mine and this was my first time in a restaurant specializing in a Turkish-only menu. 

-Environment was the best part. Comfortable seating in a uniquely styled dining room. The window-side group tables looked nice. Being on Franklin street is exciting already.

-Service was good. Nothing special here. There were only two people working. Made it seem like a family-run business, which could be a good or bad thing. It's nice to support locally-run small restaurants. But at the same time, there seems to be some pressure on the patron to spend more, and be more accepting of the Turkish culture. Otherwise, the servers go out of their way to make sure you understand Turkish food and customs if it's your first time.

-Food was not worth the money. You are paying $20 for a small plate of "casserole" (which is really soup in a dish) that comes with about 1/4 cup of rice. Or $20 for 6 1-inch cubes of chicken in cream sauce. Or a few skewers of kebabs. This might be acceptable at a higher-end restaurant, but I didn't feel the same way at this place.

The food is way overpriced for what it is. 

But again, I am not a fanatic when it comes to Turkish food. You may find it worth it if you are.
Great place for a quick grub.  The chicken is flavorful and juicy and the garlic sauce is unforgettably delicious.
This place is pretty good for their shawarmas and kafta kebab wraps.  Sometimes they are very slow with service, but I keep coming back.  I guess I really like this place because it's convenient, close, and has tasty food for a good value.  The space itself is small and dingy, but it fits the vibe/style of the food and the people.
"Eat this," the owner/chef said, "right away, while it's nice and hot.  It's very important."

"Thank you.  I will," I answered, one hand on the bag with my falafel sandwich.  He then let go of the bag.

Why, oh why, have I often settled for mediocre food at Panera in Oakland when there's Leena's?

The falafel was moist and had a nice spicy kick.  I like my falafel a little crunchy on the outside, which this falafel wasn't, but the wrap also had a tasty lemon-flavored sauce going for it.  Because I kept my promise, I can't tell you if the falafel sandwich is good lukewarm or cold.  You won't want to wait, anyway.  Prepare to get messy.  My wrap dripped all over even though I kept it in its foil wrapper.  But if you eat in--there's a fair amount of seating--you can use the bathroom afterwards to clean up.  Well worth a trip to the sink afterwards.
A month after my return from Greek and Turkish vacation, I found myself craving some baklava and gyro. Onwards to East Side Pockets! Be prepared to wait in line, which often times goes out the door onto the street. Food comes out fast and piping hot. I normally stick with the gyro or kofte kabab, both full of flavor and super juicy meat.

Ambiance? Not so much. And the few tables are usually taken during the lunchtime rush. The workers are the best and always friendly no matter how busy it gets. I wish the place was larger and not as claustrophobic, but the food makes up for it!
A Thayer Street institution. The most reviewed Providence business on Yelp. I need not expunge in detail what has already been said, but a summary:

Exceptionally fresh, they grill your meat when you order, or heat your donut shaped falafel. Their humus, tabouili and tzasiki are all homemade and outstanding.  You can get a combo pocket, which is a combination of any two meats, or meat/falafel. I believe it is 6.50 after tax. I go Gryo/Falafel combo with everything, and they have some "xtra hot" sauce ( i belive it is Sriacha) lurking around. I get that too. Such a nice spice to compliment the cool cucumber/yougurt flavors. 

The staff is on point, so quick and friendly. If you tip a dollatr, they'll generally give you a baklava or some other sweet while you wait. They recently rennovated, still very basic: counter service with booths, but it looks great.  They put tables out front during the summer. Classic East Side evening for the twenty something: a pocket from ESP, an Indy Movie at the Avon, a cup of coffee at Blue State and a beer (or 90) at Spats. A Brown grad school students Thursday night. Im just speculating ;)
ZuZu is our standard place for when we have a sitter for a short amount of time and we want to go out for a stroll and a bite to eat.
We get the vegetarian pupu platter and a salad and stuff ourselves, but don't feel yucky after, because it's all nice and light and yummy
The whipped garlic is godhead. I wish I knew how they did it.
And there is this redhead there that we love to bits, too
(xxoo Lisa!)
My husband and I LOVE this place!!! The food is terrific!  My husband is a Taureg from africa and they are known for there mint tea and he says this place is the closest mint tea to what he has at home! My perfect night would be there with one of there salads or lentil and rice dish and finish the night with there honey cake and pot of mint tea. If you never had there honey cake its amazing! Its this grainy cake (I know that doesnt sound good but it is) I think corn meal-ish, soaked in honey and rose water! OH MY ALLAH! So good. Do yourself a favor and try it out!
My first thought after I got my order was, "who ate the other half?" Portions are very small and the food is average.
I usually attend the electronic dancing events on Tuesday and it's usually very pleasant. The basement is very big and I can't complain about the bars. The place is a regional legend and deservedly so. 

Why didn't I give it 5 stars? The basement "bouncers" are extremely rude (the upstairs door people are very friendly). I've encountered the same disparaging treatment on several occasions. I enjoy the Middle East because it's a fun club with no dress code and I don't need to feel self-conscious, but these "bouncers" take this quality away with their backhanded remarks and excessively handsy search. They're on a power trip and no amount of friendliness or complacency towards them will change this.
Honestly didn't eat much.  Went to DANCE and dance we did!  Beer selection good, but not cheap but Soul le lu jah!  (saturdays) was tremendous. Great funk music and really fun crowd.  The staff was there dancing along with us and were really warm... my friend had a spinach pie appitizer which was tasty, but again, not cheap.  I'm looking forward to getting warm again by dancing sweaty and packed to good music.  Get there early so you don't wait in line outside...
So this is what happened:

1.  arrive at olive house, picked a very nice table near the fake fireplace and with comfy pillows

2.  yogurt salads arrive and 1 lentil soup arrives.  yogurt salad very sour and creamy, a lot of yogurt, very refreshing.  the  soup was tasty too.

3.  2 orders of combination kebobs, 1 lamb biryani, and 1 lamb kebob arrives.  combination kebob has lots of different meats to try, i think the shwarma with yogurt on top was the best.  the lamb kebob was okay, i'd get something else next time.  the lamb biryani is a BIG dish, half size is prob good enough.  lamb was very soft and tender and the rice had a lot of lamb flavor in it.  the veggies that come with the entrees look like frozen peas and carrots from walmart.

4.  waitress clears plates and in doing so knocks over a glass of water onto the table.

5.  waitress tries to clean up spilled water and in doing so knocks over  ANOTHER glass of water this time onto MY LAP.

6.  pay the bill standing because my pants are wet.  

7.  tip only one dollar.  

***but even after all this, i would def go back.  good food and good atmosphere.  this place is def one of the nicest places to eat in w. lafayette so no use in crying over spilled water.
I'd walked by the Middle East daily all Fall, somehow managed to join their mailing list, and yet had never been.  I finally ended up going a couple weeks ago to have dinner with a friend.

Pluses:
- Tasty Food
- Nice outside seating

Minuses:
- Server for some reason forgot to ask for the order of my friend, then disappeared for a long period of time.
- Not terribly frequent water-refills.
- The inside seemed loud, but I wasn't eating in there, so it was okay.

I did like the food though- so if you want Middle Eastern food I suggest it. I think it might work better for a lunch, but I'm not positive.
per suggestion of the previous reviews, i came here one lazy weekday evening.

like every other time i passed thois place, there was noone inside, but because of the reviews on yelp, i wasn't deterred from trying their lamb shawarma.  pressed on a panini grill, the wheat wrap was served piping hot, stuffed with lamb from the spit, a little excessive amount of the white yogurt-type sauce, and a ton of parsley for that big kick in flavor.  i accompanied my order with a side of the cucumber sauce, while my friend opted for the chips.  while we ate at the store, the owner kindly handed us another container of cucumber sauce, as he noticed that my friend and i were using the same container to pour sauce on our wraps.

very pleasant service, fresh ingredients: makes for a good experience!
This place is not a great place for Middle Eastern food. It is a dim lively atmosphere and usually there is music playing on certain days. If you are just looking to smoke hookah in Westwood, then this place or the one across the street would be your best bet. I would try Zankou Chicken though if you hungry and want some food.
the stuff here is pretty good, except the BEEF AND LAMB GYRO, which it the most delicious thing you will ever put in your mouth!!!!!!!!!!!
I used to go to this place for lunch when I was working from home.  The hummus and baba ghanoush are delicious and the prices can't be beat.  This is a great place.
The last couple times I have been here, the server we had actually knew how to set up and keep up the hookah, and he did a good job(didn't catch his name, dark hair, medium height, thin).  It smoked well.  He was also very attentive with our other needs, so he earns the extra stars back.  This was in stark contrast to the other times I've been here, so I hope its just that they are improving, not that they are just spotty with service.  

Also the food is pretty good, but a little overpriced.
Love the chicken shawarma roll-up (with all the toppings)! However, I think the portions have gotten smaller over the past year. The last couple have seemed a little light on the chicken, and the definitely felt lighter and less substantial than they used to. Still tastes wonderful though.
My second favorite falafel on the ave. Good prices and friendly guy behind the counter. I often wonder if he and the gyro-guy across the street are in some sort of battle for best walk-up window service gyros.
Half a chicken and pita.  Good stuff.  They give you like this garlic oil that tastes delcious with the chicken!  The place is big, a bunch of booths, well lit (lots of light and windows), service is fine.  I definitely wanna go back.  My friend told me a story about the owner, said he kinda went nuts, shot some people up or something like that...Still, the food was good!
Nice little place with fast service and great falafel.

Decor is nice but not too fancy

We tried it for lunch after visiting Pomona College, and were very impressed.
This place is great. I agree with other reviewers that the pita here is the fluffiest and best I've ever tried. I was almost going to give this place four stars because of the smaller menu, but I couldn't because the falafel sandwiches here are the best of the best. I noticed a few of reviewers comparing Fa-la-la with Maoz, and saying that Maoz is better because it has more options I find that odd, since that is like saying Mcdonald's is better than In-n-out simply because it has a longer menu. The quality of food at Fa-la-la is significantly greater than that of Maoz, especially the pita bread. You can immediately taste the difference in quality if you actually compare them side by side, which I had the pleasure of doing recently. The smaller selection of toppings at the salad bar are the original authentic falafel sandwich toppings, and just what you need to fully appreciate the sandwich. This place is about as authentic as it can get, and I have no complaints. Can't wait to come back to Berkeley to eat here again!
Although most people go to Sabra Grill for the falafel, hummus, spanakopita, and other Lebanese/Mediterranean standards, I most frequently go for their delicious lentil soup.  It's hearty and filling, strewn with diced potatoes, chopped kale, and suffused with a delicate lemon flavor.  And it's very reasonably priced.

It's not easy to find good soup in Harvard Square, but I can always count on Sabra for deliciously satisfying soup.

Their falafel is good too!
Went here for a quick lunch with a friend who suggested it. I had the chicken tarna and loved the pita bread and the yogurt sauce but thought the chicken was a little dry.
My boyfriend loved the beef schwarma, and my friend got the half chicken which was enough for lunch and leftovers. 
Everything came with this weird purple slaw kind of thing which we thought might be turnip but we weren't really sure and it wasn't clear on the menu. We're not seasoned Middle Eastern food eaters so maybe that's why we didn't recognize it, but I wished the menu was more informative. The pictures of all the food with the names under them doesn't tell me a lot about what's in each item or what it comes with. I didn't realize I had ordered only a tarna without hummus until it came out as just a wrap.  
One gigantic plus is that they have their own (tiny) parking lot in the back so you don't have to find parking on the street.
You can always rely on The Middle East for drinks and a great meal. The main restaurant has plenty of healthy options with an extensive vegetarian menu, 90% of which is vegan. My favorites are the maklouta, the tofu kabob, and the baklava. Also, The Middle East delivers through foodler.com-for lunch and dinner! Plus there is always great entertainment, live music, and the staff is fantastic.
from the outside, aceituna isn't very inspiring. decoration is somewhat bland and has an awkward location... sort of in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by biotech companies.

however, their food is delightful and authentic...and portions are humongous. i totally recommend the kebab plates and tabule...also, the kafta is wonderful and grilled to order! aceituna also has one of my all-time favorite desserts, called osmalya....that one will take you straight to heaven....
It was so good that I got seconds and it was worth i.
amazing food!!!  Be ready to wait about 20 minutes 
 for your order to be ready.
Chicken kabab with fries inside the pita is excellent. Plus the waitress that is there on monday's is stunning! so maybe i love the food because of her? hard to say, but its great no matter what...
I can't speak for anything but the baba ganoush, but for three dollars you get an extremely generous portion and pita bread! The baba ganoush was hummus consistency and contained fresh pomegranate seeds.
AMAZING! AMAZING! AMAZING! 

I hope that my review ups the over-all rating that this place received.

I have been to hookah bars near and far- From NYC- London. This place rocks! 

Our service was excellent. The owner was extremely accommodating. The food was great. If you have good fries then you have a good place. 

Just like any worthy taqueria or sushi joint it had a good mix of natives and Americans.

Someone busted out with drums and the place lit up! :)
great place for coffee. the chairs weren't so comfortable, but the ambiance was great. nice menu for drinks.
I'm going to go ahead and knock Sunrise down a couple of stars, but it's out of love.  They need to start serving fresher food.  I see absolutely no reason why the falafel can't be made fresh-to-order when the place is nearly empty.  Yet it seems like all I ever get now are falafel that have been sitting out for a while, no longer really hot at all.  The vegetables used in the falafel sandwiches also seem not-so-fresh.  The diced tomatoes seem overly-ripe and old.  When I get an avocado falafel, it usually is just one tiny little wedge in each pita half, and sometimes has brown spots on it.  This is unacceptable.

Sunrise Deli is more than likely aware of a new falafel place in town called Chick-O-Pea's.  Well, that place fries their falafel fresh-to-order AND even uses homemade pita bread.  I'd say Sunrise Deli really needs to step up their game if they want to keep me satisfied.

I'm saying all of this out of the hope that they will take it to heart and make some changes for the better.  I really love their falafel, they just need to serve FRESH food.
I ate here last Spring during the U-District Street Fair and it was rather gross.  I ordered a chicken gyro and had to go back three times to get the order right. In the end, I ended up throwing it away because I simply couldn't stomach the taste.  The chicken tasted, well, not good and instead of a sauce, there was some sort of white water drizzled on top.   Apart from the taste of the food, the lady helping customers was rude to me.  

I understand that they were busy due to the street fair, but I've never actually had to throw a gyro away before.  

The reviews below seem to suggest that Samir's has good food, but I felt it necessary to share my own experience.  I sincerely hope that their food and service is better than what I encountered.  I also hope that at this years street fair, they don't sacrifice quality for quantity.
Nellie's brings a much needed respite from regular ol' sandwiches, soups and pizza that pervade the Oakland lunch scene. 

My recent favs are the falafel and tabouli. Oooh, that tabouli... so flavorful with the parsley and citrus, man it's good on a ripped pita section! Recent dislike is the hummos; I find it too "Earthy." The service is nice and typically prompt, they accept cards (there's a minimum charge amount), and the location is a plus for those of us who work at the top of the hill. Stop in, and give some local business owners your patronage!
After working out at 24 Hour Fitness, we stopped by this joint to grab a bite.  It didn't disappoint.  I got the chicken kebab wrap and the chicken was tender, juicy and very flavorful.  It comes wrapped in a pita with lettuce and tomato and a garlic sauce (that I put on the side).  The wrap was $5.25.  

Most people around me bought the plate lunches.

It's a small place with a cozy outdoor seating area and the gentlemen who work there are very friendly!

Xie Xie!
Okay, it's delicious, especially if you're here after everything else nearby has closed for the night. A little overpriced for the real world, but seems decent among everything else that is marked up in Westwood. Everything is made to order and comes out so hot that you'll need a napkin to help with the heat as you fill the pita with a variety of veggies and sauce. My favorite is the falafel pita - a little scary because it's bright green on the inside, but the color is easy to forgive because it's sooooo good. Pair it with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and lots of the mystery white sauce.
Cozy, dimly-lit, warm and welcoming. I love the atmosphere here. It makes me want to sit here quietly and... contemplate things. Sometimes it makes me feel like I've stepped out of Boston and into my own private little (nicely decorated) world.

They have good drinks, nice staff, are efficient, and it makes me happy that they have good Arabic coffee here. I just wish I could smoke in here. Shisha or cloves or whatever, it's just the sort of atmosphere that I'd like to have for surrounding myself with my puffs of sweet smelling smoke and sinking myself into a state of half-oblivion. Sipping on mint tea and getting lost either in the silence (if there on a quiet afternoon) or in the noisy bustle (if later on when it's busy).

To be honest, I haven't yet eaten here but I plan to sometime soon. Will update when I do.
There's no other spot I can think of in the Central/Inman area that offers speedy, delicious ethnic food on the SUPER-cheap. Plus, it's open until 3 a.m., which, to my knowledge, is later than any other greasy spoon joint in the area. 

If you're looking for a quick bite, particularly of the post-partying variety, Moody's is your must-go for munchies. It's not anything revelatory, quality-wise, but a solid Beef or Lamb Shwarma certainly satisfies. The waitstaff are friendly even when the lines get insane. Gets the job done, and done well.
I went back to Bella Pita twice in two weeks! Two reasons:

1) Price - it just opened recently, which is why the menu is simply affordable right now. I have a feeling they're going to hike the price to cover the overhead cost. So take advantage of the current price if you can.

2) Favorite: Chicken Wowshi. And their condiment / vegetable salad bar. The wowshi is a nice fresh dough made and baked only when you order, which means the finished product is fresh and hot. The best part is the salad bar where there's a variety of deliciousness such as lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, salsa, onions, yogurt sauce, hummus, very hot red sauce, etc to complement and stack on your chicken wowshi.

So if you're not feeling In'n Out or Chipotle, give this place a try. Variety is good for you.
Got the lamb shawarma, which was pretty yummy, but had way too many pickles. Service was lame-o, but I didn't really have high expectations for this place to begin with. You get what you pay for.
Ended up here late on a Wednesday night, we both got salads with tahini dressing, one with chicken and one with lamb.  Exceptional food.  I came home and have been raving to my husband since and asking when are we going to go back there.  The atmosphere is eclectic and the music was interesting.
I came here for the first time today to get some lunch with a friend, and I loved it.  I got the pumpkin kibby, which was delicious and hella cheap.  Our server was really nice and didn't rush us, and the atmosphere was totally chill.  I would definitely come back.
Pita Kabob Grill is so, so good. Both the meat and vegetarian sandwiches are delicious, cheap and made quickly. I probably average two visits a week here. Check out the chicken shwarma, falafel with hummus and chicken kabob pita.

Edit: Mae is referring to the Middle Eastern restaurant that was a couple of doors down from Cottage Inn. Pita Kabob Grill is alive and kickin', so definitely stop by.
Best falafel place in Bay Area!
I loved the idea of a "salad" bar where you add toppings to your falafel.

We also ordered a beef (organic) panini and fries. Both were really good.
We will definitely come back here.
YUM. The falafel is to die for. The menu could be bigger, but what's on the menu is delicious!
Have you ever been to a restaurant that serves your food in less than one minute? I doubt it! Unless you are rolling through a late-night drive-thru of course. Koko yells your food out to the guy in the back, and BAM! Food is served right on your tray, right at the counter. ALWAYS. #1 best thing. The service. A quick grab, perfect for lunch breaks. 

#2 best thing is the HUMMUS. Hummus that is smooth, creamy, subtle in flavor with the right amount of olive oil and turmeric powder, sprinkled over the top....w/ a lil' bit of parsley and pine nuts is like icing on the cake! Not the rough, bumpy mixture that hasn't been thoroughly whipped and has a strong, bitter taste...most likely because they added way too much tahini sauce. *CRINGE* 

So the hummus here is the best! Best I've ever had in any restaurant. Koko makes it himself and you can buy some off him too to take home. Hummus does not last too long, so eat it up within the 2 days. 

Third best thing, the Chiken Shwarma Plate.
Quick, tasty and affordable. I've been a patron of East Side Pockets for about a decade.

Personal favorites include the spinach pie with just the right amount of hummus and tzatziki sauce, falafel wrap and of course the Gyro.

Don't skip dessert! There is a small glass case by the register loaded with authentic Baklava and more.

Seating is limited and the lighting is a little bright inside for my taste. In the summer, I recommend finding a good place to sit outdoors.
Very pleasant spot. Staff was excessively nice on my visit. Great food too!
The food here is so good and fresh. I love that they make it right in front of you. And I've been in there a few times when the person making my pocket will give me and my friends a few falafels with hummus while we wait. This place is unreal. Every time I'm back in Providence I make a point to get over to Thayer Street and go to East Side Pockets
This place gets 4 stars for a few reasons. If you go in with a hangover wanting kinda greasy breakfast food, you're at the right place. Also, their home fries are a bunch of vegetables, which are delicious.

I don't quite understand their business hours, so you might want to call them before you go to make sure they're open.

If you're sober and want a nutritious meal, this might not be your place. If you want pancakes, waffles, and omelets, this is the place for you.

It's also pretty cheap, and has plenty of seating.
Honestly, at this point in time I think I'd be slightly disappointed (or at least confused) if the service was actually decent. The servers' apathy does have one upside: You generally won't be bothered if you want to nurse a cup of coffee. 

Service gripes aside, their food is pretty darn tasty, if overpriced.  The hummus is good, and this comes from someone who has spent some serious hardcore time in the Middle East/North Africa. Also, the last time I was there, I saw Sam freaking Rockwell, which was pretty neat.
Had the lamb shwarma, and the meat is very bitter, tastes like its been doused in sour milk.
In general, I just really like these gritty, cheap, hole-in-the-wall type places that deliver decent food for good prices. 

So for what it's supposed to be, Brookline Lunch is good. Breakfast choices are pretty basic, food is made QUICKLY, large portions, and best of all, it's CHEAP. The eggs benedict is okay, the omelettes are decent and hearty, and the potatoes and veggies are consistently greasy but good. I've only had breakfast foods here, not sure about their other stuff.

I took off some points for hair found in my food more than once (but the truth is, I actually find hair in my food anywhere I go--seriously--and I'm convinced it's because I tend to look more than others. Good thing I don't really care that much), it's cash-only, they waiters are so busy they don't waste time trying to be friendly but that's fine, it's a little cramped so if you sit in the middle you get knocked a lot by the wait staff's elbows, and it can take a long time to get seated. This actually really sucks if you come in the winter because there is no indoor space to wait so you have to wait outside. And it gets really cold if you're eating near the door because it's such a tiny place. 

But as long as I live so close, I'll definitely keep coming back here for a quick CHEAP brunch with friends.
Gotta admit that I really don't know much about this establishment (which is really more like... 3 or 4 establishments in one). They seem to be a restaurant/bar/club/music venue... with a separate entrance for each section. I must have spent 10-15 minutes trying to find out what part my friends were in.

Now, my sister tells me that Boston is a pretty boring place. I guess this restaurant/bar/club/music venue is in Cambridge, but I consider the two places as being part of the same city. And from what I saw here, cambridge is anything but boring. My friends and i had unknowingly stumbled into this joint on the night of their Prohibition Repeal Day party in December, presented by Dewar's White Label. Not only did we get to witness some roaring 20's-era entertainment, we each got 2 free T-shirts, free shots, Dewar's buttons, fake top hats and feather boas.

The whole experience really warrants five stars, but as I can't make any comment on the food and the many other sections (I actually don't even know which one I was in) we'll leave off the extra star for now.
We went to Ali Baba for lunch recently while on a client site working. They had a great selection of Turkish foods. The Lavash bread was excellent and we really enjoyed dipping it in the tzatziki sauce. We didn't love the hummus, but there was plenty of other food. The Dolmas were quite good, as well as the Adana Kebab (although I prefer veggies on the side that are grilled a little more). Overall a great lunch. I look forward to going back again soon.
Best kofte plate ever. The 5 star rating was created for places like this. 

I have been coming here since 1998, and many similar places have opened on this street, EVEN next to it at one point. People would rather wait in the line for this place than go anywhere else. 

I highly recommend the kofte kebab plate. Falafel, best on the east AND the west coast.
For this (half) Armenian, it was a pleasant surprise to discover a Middle Eastern take-out restaurant in Harvard Square. It took me much too long to notice it was there. The employees (owners?) are nice, and they make some very good sandwiches (hummus & tabouli, hummus & grape leaves, many other vegetarian, chicken, and lamb combinations). The pilaf also looks quite genuine (i.e., the kind my family makes, which I rarely find in restaurants), and I'm anxious to try it. This is one place I want to get to know better.
Whenever I have waited for the 66 bus in Harvard Sq I've wish for it to be a meal time, I was hungry, or I had more time because I have waited to try out Falafel Corner for a long time. Seeing streams of people going in and out meant that it had to be good, so I knew I had to experience it for myself. 

The opportunity finally presented itself one night so I got a falafel roll-up meal there. The meal includes a roll-up, fries and a can of soda. The fries were ready a few minutes after the roll-up so the guy brought them downstairs, which was really nice since it was pretty busy there. Maybe I hyped the whole thing up in my head because I was not that impressed. It was good but I think I wanted more spice or a different pita. The roll-up is in a thin pita/wrap and put on the grill once it is assembled. The falafel was tender and good separately but together I felt that the roll up was plain. 

I like how this place is simple. Menu and ordering up the stairs and seating is downstairs. Falafel and eating it does not need to be complicated. 

I'm going to try this place again. Maybe get a chicken roll-up or see if there is some hot sauce. But the time I was done with my meal I was way too full for dessert so next time I'll plan to get some baklava to go.
What can I say about this place.  It's dirty.  It's REALLY dirty.  You can see cobwebs hanging from the corners of the room.

  The dust on the walls is so thick that you could write in it, but then you'd have to go to the bathroom to wash your hands and that would be another experience that would scare you.  

  The diner is very small.  The tables are very close together, and if you aren't very skinny, you are going to feel squished.  In the winter, please note that they don't have a heat curtain in front of the door, so when someone comes into the restaurant, you get hit with a blast of cold air, and your dinner becomes cold instantly.

  We sat in the window at one of the yellow tables that looks like it was cut out with a chainsaw in a very jagged fashion.  There were lots of electrical extensions and such and the sign in the window had Christmas lights piled up on it, kind of like some surly man just threw them there, while the other window had the lights "lovingly" draped and hanging there.  
 
  The interesting things are the art.  Lots of very interesting art is in this little diner, if they bothered to clean and dust, the place would be REALLY appealing.  There is only one waitress working the whole room, and everyone can watch the cook in the back as he works.

  Frankly, after arriving and sitting down and taking note of this place, I was scared to eat the food that came out of the kitchen, but it was jammed to the gills with people of all ages.  So, we ordered, and waited a good long time.  They want to make sure you are very hungry by the time you get your food there.  I got an egg dish that came with a side of Home Fries.  The home fries here are AMAZING.  It's worth a trip to get the home fries.  They had potatoes and onions, natch, but they also had asparagus tips, and tomatoes and other delicious veggies in them.   

  The prices were low, the food was surprisingly good, but the dirt!  Augh! The dirt!  

  I'm giving this a low rating because of the cleanliness of the place, not because of the food.
so f'ing good, everything here is awesome I feel a bit confused here because It reminds me so much of a certain Mexican restaurant, the meat reminds me of al pastor the chicken seems rostizado the sandwich/wrap stuff look like burritos but everything taste so garlicky and different but oh so damn good oh yeah and the people even look Latino lol I'm sure some of the cooks are, who knew we had so much in common with food, I think religion should be food then we can all live in peace. can't wait till they open the Montebello location.
This place is amazing.  First off, it's one of the only places in the square where you can buy lunch for under $5.  Second of all, the falafels are awesome.  That's all that needs to be said.
I wanted to like it. A friend took me after having some drinks at a nearby bar and we wanted to pick up something quick and relatively inexpensive. Sabra was basically that, which is why they got even 2 stars. I ordered a chicken kebab plate and was treated to scoops of chopped chicken from the same bucket that my friend's wrap was made. Rice was scooped onto a plate and then was MICROWAVED. I was horrified and had I not been with a friend who likes the place, I would have left. Last straw was having to ask for feta cheese even though the meal should have come with it, then getting "pita" which really just looked like a giant tortilla) and it was ripped from a bigger sheet which they kept ripping down to put into other people's shwarma wraps. The woman who was taking my order had a bit of an attitude, as if I was asking too much by actually not wanting most of the things that came with the plate, like the salad, tahini, etc.

In all, really off-putting and unappetizing. Although the food came out OK and it was relatively cheap (under $7 for the food), I can't abide by microwaved food and bad service.
Best Turkish food ever.  Service was great.  Hate the parking, but that won't stop from going again.
so sunrise deli is still great and everything, but I went to Holy Land Restaurant on College Ave, and it kicked Sunrise's butt! Their falafel was way better, fresher, and more flavourful than sunrise's and their hummus also tasted fresher and more authentic and less creamy (which I like). Also holy land has this thing called Israeli Salad that's like a hybrid of like seven different salads, and I'm sorry, but none of Sunrise's salads can compete with that baby. 
Not to mention that it's kinda wierd that both the people working at a middle eastern/mediteranean restaurant are latin american (ahem sunrise deli ahem) and also the guy who works at the counter of sunrise deli is not that friendly..........the guy who works at the counter of Holy Land is sooo sweet!
so yeah, sorry Sunrise Deli, but Holy Land wins!
Compared to other sandwich shops, the price may be a little higher, but considering the care of the staff and the fact that they are very good, I would definitely recommend them......they outsandwich the supposed sandwich experts over at Subway...and you will definitely get a feeling meal....
this review is only for the restaurant.

i'd been wanting to come here for a year! every time i drive by, i think, hmm, you look fun, middle east. let's hang.

but...from the very beginning, i felt like the waitress wasn't into me. i tried to lighten the mood with a josh or two... but she wasn't playin. she barely came around, and when she did, questions were barked and we timidly answered, "uh.. the fool and the chicken shawarma?" - she grabs the menus and walks away. it had the potential to be endearing- who doesn't like to fight for a brusque waitress's love?

the real issue of the evening was the pita bread. it came in a bag... and as i flipped it over, i was shocked to see that the bottom pieces were green. not just a spot of mold, but down right furrified. 

i call the waitress over and say, "is that mold?" ... she grabs it and walks away. no "whoops! my b, y'all!" or "dang!!!" just rips it out of my hands! 

she comes back several minutes later with more pita and says she's sorry... but by this point i kiiiiinda already internally vomited. plus, my friend's chicken was bland and stringy. he felt like it wasn't fresh meat.

i feel like most restaurants would comp my meal. they didn't even ask. sure, the prices are right ( $6-11) and the menu itself has fun items... but i won't ever eat there again... that furry pita will always be in my mind.
I've ordered lunch from them a few times and have been satified so far. good value, good food, and nice staff.
The best Middle Eastern in Austin that I know of (out of four).  Great gyros, great falafel, decent (seasoned) french fries with your $5.55 lunch special. Go and be unhungered.

Recently downgraded from 5 to 4 stars. The falafel recipe seems to have changed.
I couldn't even walk or breath there. I am not sure why people even go there! it was a torture. I left within 10 minutes. I will never go there again.
The Middle East  bar & restaurant (or the gateway to the 'upstairs' stage) happens to be my favorite out of all the parts of the middle east to hang out. They have some amazing falafel and hummus appetizers. The falafel was perfectly crispy on the outside and just right on the inside as well. I suppose it is all up to personal opinion how you like your falafel,but if your a fan and are in the central sq area def try this place out.. :)
The falafel is the best I've ever had. I've tried other falafel places in LA and in Europe. This one beats them all.

I'm a vegetarian so I've never had the beef, chicken, or lamb but I've heard good things.

I've been to places with more variety in the condiment bar, but the sauces and veggies they have are great. Even after tax the falafel pita is still under 5 bucks and once you've filled it with tomatoes, cucumbers, "really, really hot sauce", yogurt sauce, onions, and peppers it will fill you up.

I've found a lot of good places near UCLA but Bella Pita has been my favorite from the day it opened.
I finally made it over to East Side Pockets for lunch today and I have to say this is my favorite restaurant in providence so far. I got the falafel salad, they had all the extras that I love. My mom got a chicken gyro that was massive, full of meat. Also had to get some tabbouleh salad and hummus to take home, they made sure to give me some flat bread along with the hummus and tabbouleh.
Everything was so tasty and such a good price, can't beat it really. I'm sure this will soon become one of my staple restaurants.
Okay, so my review from 3 years ago still stands. I probably went to 15 shows here last year (both upstairs and downstairs) and they really, really, really could do with some renovation time. The bathrooms are fucking FOUL, with poor lighting, no hand dryers, paper towels, or soap, and often times 2/3 toilets are clogged. In the upstairs bathroom, it even provides you a plunger and a sign that says "our plumbing is old", womp womp. Really...with nicer, newly renovated venues (Paradise, Royal, Brighton Music Hall) around in Boston now, I'd much rather see a show at those places than the Mideast. TT's and Great Scott even have better facilities.

I do give the Mideast this...out of all the venues in Boston/Cambridge, people have way more energy at shows held here. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's because you feel like you're in some dumpy cave downstairs, or the crammed, shitty sound of upstairs just gets people going. I don't know. The shows are cheap and they get the best shows in the the area.

The food in the restaurant is okay, but nothing special.
this is a review for late night dance, not the restaurant...

the line took a while but we danced in line the whole time! with the open windows, it felt like we were inside anyway. 

finally, with foaming mouths, we gained entry into the dance party. it was very warm and humid in there, and in a matter of minutes my hair turned into a poof balll. 

the dj played an awesome mix of old school funk, classic hip hop, popular dancy music and reggae. 

i had a super fun time rocking out to let the music play, let's groove tonight....can't wait to come back for dinner. super fun space.
Bomb.  Diggity.
4 stars for the food-
Hummus, kafta, falafel sharwarma, veggie combo plates are all delicious! Also, if you like spicy , order spicy, you will not be dissapointed. Get some baklava to go and let it sit for a day or two- it gets better over time. The iced tea is also kinda spicy and very refreshing. 
1 extra star for Samir. It is obvious he enjoys what he does. His personality is awesome along with his service.
I love the middle east!

I go here constantly for concerts, to grab an appetizer or just to go out and grab some drinks.  The atmosphere is great whether at the "upstairs" side or the "downstairs side".   

Concerts:

Upstairs - I like the sound in the upstairs better than the downstairs.  I think the sound overall is better, however if you are seeing a "louder" band, you should prepare to have your eardrums blown out (or just wear some plugs).  A lot of great, yet unknown (out of state) bands play the upstairs.

Downstairs - The sound itself is not as good as the upstairs, however bigger named acts (both local and national) play the downstairs.  I've seen Clutch, Strung Out, Mellow Bravo, Planetoid, and a number of other bands downstairs.  The size is considerably bigger than upstairs with bars on either side of the place.  Coat-Check and earplugs are available for much cheaper than anywhere else (not to mention most places don't offer either).


Food: 

They make a great hummus, a tasty falafel, and good stuffed grape leaves (that's saying a lot as I generally hate stuffed grape leaves).  I would however not recommend the burgers.  They are a good size and come with all the fixings, but I recommend asking for it medium or rare if you want a juicy burger, otherwise you may find them to be a bit on the dry side.  Did I mention $3.50 PBR Talls?  Not bad for in the city...not bad at all.
You can really count on this food tasting the same each time you come in.    It's a little pricy for fast food.  No matter what you're ordering ask for extra garlic sauce.
Had the falafel yesterday and had to agree with my co-worker - lousy. Maybe it's authentic for them to be cold, but I've never had them cold, and I'm not digging it. Even with the yummy harissa and tahini. I'll stick with the shawarmas and salads.
I love this place. I've had the chicken kabob,chicken shwarma and beef kabob plates and all three were delish. 
Hummus is to die for.. Super fresh and lovely eaten with pita bread. They also give you this garlic dip thing which is amazing. I could eat here everyday seriously. 
Service is super fast like magic fast. Prices are also pretty cheap it's around 8 bucks for a plate which fills you up pretty well.
i love all kinds of rotisserie chicken, but this places really rocks! I would go out of my way to drive to Zankou cause I craved it so much! The chicken is always moist and tender, but the garlic sauce, the hummus, and the tomato pickle side is what sets this place apart. Actually how can you go wrong with rotisserie chicken and garlic??  The chicken is the only thing I have ever had there ..... I always tell myself that I should try another dish. Its been over 8 years and it still hasn't happened......maybe never.
22A is the best! Fun place to go late at night in the U district!
I love this place! It has great value for the food and has excellent hummus and tabbouleh wraps. I liked JG so much the first time I went that I decided to celebrate my birthday there.

HORRIBLE IDEA.

The wait staff treated us like crap, making us wait 2 hours and not letting the large group in front of us know there was another group waiting. 

So great value and taste but not good for groups. Recommended for first dates.
I've been seeing the lines around lunch out of this place for the past couple of years, but with the limited seating, I haven't had the patience to try it out. I had a massive chicken shawarma craving today and so I wandered in. Service was slow (only one cook, and one cashier) and the place is spartan in terms of available tables and ambience. But damn if they don't have one of the best chicken shawarmas I've had in the U.S. It's not exactly like what you get in London or North Africa, but it was yummy yummy yummy.  I was dying to try out the hummus, the tzatziki and greek salad, but saving that for next time. Better yet, they package it to go so you can take it home.
You aren't going to find a better falafel in N. America unless you have a Lebanese Grandmother. 

End of story.
1. Huge fan of the bean Wowshi - other options are the chicken or beef. (FYI: chicken is the only Halal meat served, not the beef)
2. Service is quick if you're on the go.
3. Reasonably priced and won't break your budget with gas prices sky rocketing.
4. Service is friendly. Place is not ideal for studying and music is really LOUD sometimes.
5.  Bella Pita is not ideal for meeting up with friends to have a sit down conversation since it can only seat 4 people.  The place is so small and seems to get crowded sporadically.
Ok. Scratch what I said before. I ADORE Jerusalem Garden. Why? Their fattoush and chicken salad w/ rice pilaf. Oh right, and that hottie that works behind the counter ain't bad either (helloooo there!).

Anyway, right, fattoush and chicken salad w/ rice pilaf. It is literally one of the most magical salads that one will ever eat. Perfect fattoush - carrots, red bell pepper, cucumber, cilantro... whatever else that's lovely in fattoush. Then the chicken is perfectly grilled and tender. Then there's the fried pita pieces. Not the mention the rice pilaf that tastes amazing with this dish. Top it off with a tangy garlicky tahini and it's one of the most beautiful meals ever.

I went 2 days in a row on a 4-day trip to Ann Arbor if that tells you just how much I love this salad.

Will be back. Hope the hottie is still there, but more importantly, that salad better still be there or I'll cry outside until someone gets me some fattoush and chicken!
So I have this yelp friend who swears that Bella Pita is his favorite restaurant. And being that I make a tri-weekly pilgrimage to Westwood to visit Stephanie H. and Diddy Riese, I knew I would have to try it and see for myself (as said friend is kinda a lying bastard). 

This Saturday, having left the worst wedding in history and needing to get my grub on before my friend date, I decided that my usual trip to Diddy would have a detour at the Bella Pita. 

As much as I HATE to admit that my friend was right (he is a conceited bastard, to boot) I must admit, Bella Pita was amazing. 

A small, unassuming little business, there are only 4 chairs that pull up to bar like table facing the street. However, the food makes this place five stars. 

I ordered the chicken wowshi. What the hell is a wowshi, you are probably asking yourself. Apparently it is fresh pita dough wrapped around a seasoned filling of your choice and fried up to order. And people, it's as good as it sounds. 

The best part? The fresh bar. Bella Pita allows for its patrons to choose their own fixings. Fresh onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, hummus and lettuce just to name a few of the wonderful fresh ingredients that you can add to your order. Makes good food turn into great food. 

I was sitting alone at the bar (what is up with that right?) whilst a cute business suited couple were also partaking of the goodness; 
I actually exclaimed aloud, "Wow, this is freakin' good." Just confirming to the couple WHY I was, in fact, dining alone. *tear* 

Now I'm not saying it's my favorite restaurant or anything, I AM saying that the sting of losing my beloved Buck Fitty is softened now that I have been shown the Bella Pita. 

Perhaps to thank my yelp friend I'll pick him up a wowshi and cookie next time.......NAH.
The falafel was great! Get the avocado falafel, I always recommend this to friends whenever they go for their first time. However, I would not recommend Shawarma because 1) it is impossible to pronounce, and 2) the wrap falls apart really easily so you end up eating it with a fork which is pointless

The staff is friendly, service is quick, and it's in a convenient location. I highly recommend this place to visitors and students.
I'm a sucker for all Mediterranean food.  I had a chicken souvlaki platter here with rice, hummus and salad.  It was extremely good.  The environment is casual with Turkish (I think) television playing.  Well, I guess that's authentic.  I do not think they have air conditioning inside, or maybe they were not running it on the mild day when I visited.  

Much better than the outside of the cafe promises.
First, it's *Falafel* King.  Order the falafel!

This is my favorite falafel in LA, and I eat plenty.  Just wish we had a similar place in the Valley.
garlic spread = yum
pita bread = yum
hummus = yum
chicken kabobs = yum

it gets packed and the kabobs take a while but it's so worth it
Tasty! Oh so tasty. Priced well and friendly staff. 

What would I change? They could use a better eating area, and it would be nice if there were Americanized descriptions of the food so I don't feel stupid asking "what's in this one?"
I've only eaten here once a long time ago, so I'm not going to review the food, etc. This is simply one of my favorite venues to see live music. 

This place holds a very, very special place in my heart. I've been going here since I was 13-14. 

There's too many memories. Here are a select few:

1. This guy began blatantly smoking weed at a hardcore show and began to get his ass kicked by some militant straight edge people before being promptly escorted out of the club. Hilarious. This was circa 96-97. It was Strife, Ten Yard Fight, and some other shitty hardcore bands. 

2. Seeing my first local Boston indie rock show downstairs, 1995: The Dambuilders, Neptune, The Elevator Drops, and Cherry 2000. It changed my life. 

3. This TOTALLY obnoxious, pretentious girl working the door one night wouldn't let me in because my license had expired THAT DAY. I mean, I understand following the rules and everything, but I even told her I wouldn't drink...showed her my credit card, social security card, etc. She was completely rude to me about the situation, so I gave up and began to leave. Then some guy spit in her face. Karma is a bitch.

4. I was so hammered one night while I was watching a band, I could feel myself getting all wobbly, and I totally fell face first into the person in front of me (knocking the drink out of their hand, etc.). The door guy was SO cool about it, he didn't even kick me out (I didn't "appear" drunk enough I guess for him to give me the boot). He helped me up and I watched the rest of the show.

5. (Insert yours here)

I can't even begin to tell you how many amazing, unforgettable (and forgettable) shows I've seen here over the years: Sunday matinees, punk, metal, indie rock, hip-hop, local and national acts...this joint does it all. It is really one of the best places to see live music in the Boston area...hands down. It doesn't matter if it's upstairs or downstairs...they both have their own individual charm. It really is a part of Boston's rich musical history.
Worst french toast I've ever had. Seriously, worse than the terrible food they served at summer camp. 

Stars are only because I like the atmosphere and it's relatively inexpensive. Also, I don't eat eggs and those look much more promising. Home fries/potatoes were not terrible (i.e. inedible, not great either) -- if I ever were to come back, which sadly I might since the cheap food scene in Cambridge is so lame, I'd just get an order of those, drown them in hot sauce and add some salt, drink coffee and call it a day. 

I know it's obnoxious to always complain about how provincial Boston is in comparison to "real" cities, but the fact that this is actually considered a great brunch spot isn't helping!

EDIT: I originally gave this two stars, but considering that almost a YEAR later I still remember vividly just how bad my french toast was (on thin, soggy white bread), I'm lowering it to keep it more in line with the way I've rated other establishments.
As a gordo (means "fat" in Spanish) Aladdin customer for over seven years, it brings me great pleasure to say that this place is the best establishment for gyros and making people fat!  But of course, the latter accomplishment is not anyone else's fault but my own.

The two best gyros by far are the falafel (for veggie lovers) and the lamb and beef combo. Fries are a must and if you're willing to be a little risky, add some feta cheese to make them that much more heavenly. Prices are dirt cheap, service is prompt and no fuss. The decor has plenty of character, and the dirty, dive-y bathroom is definitely intact.

For anyone who calls themselves a UW student, this place is a right of passage. For those who are alumni, they owe it to Aladdin to visit at least a few times a year.
Turkish good is king of my comfort. Wine temp and server knowledge of vino keep from 5*
Their falafel pita ($5) is really good! Not as big as the wowshi but wayyy better in terms of taste!
I wish I lived in Cambridge, so I could go to Algiers more often.  It's got great style, a funky vibe, and fantastic food.  I got the combination salad plate, which was not only huge but exceptionally delicious -- their hummus is amazing, and they have hands down the best tabbouleh I've ever had.  And I eat a LOT of hummus and tabbouleh.  I like that the wait staff doesn't hover over you -- it makes it a good place to go and read or do work or chill with friends without feeling like someone is waiting for you to leave.  All and all an excellent place to spend an hour or two.
woohoo! as good as it gets :)  I've had a lot of falafels but jg was my first and will always be my favorite.
Definitely the best Mediterranean food we've had in Pittsburgh so far. The restaurant is small and nestled into the busy area around Forbes Ave. near the Pitt campus. The owner was just on his way out the door (his employee was taking over), but he made a point to chat with us and to talk with us about his kids and our baby (who we brought with us). He was friendly and personable.

We ordered a gyro sandwich and a falafel platter. The gyro was perfect: plenty of succulent lamb, fresh cucumber, tzatziki, romaine lettuce, and tomato. The ingredients tasted fresh and the tzatziki had a nice sharpness to it. The falafel platter included a few patties split on top of rice, a small Middle Eastern salad, two pitas, and fresh hummus. Although I had heard the falafel here was awesome, I found it to be very good, but not great. It wasn't quite as spicy or crisp as some I've had in town, like Aladdin's. And I would have liked a bit more falafel on the plate (the rice dominated). Nevertheless, the falafel platter was quite satisfying and we ate the whole thing!

We saw a fresh pan of baklava on the counter and couldn't pass up the opportunity. For just $1.50, we got a good chunk of baklava, and it was the best I've ever had! The phyllo dough was light and fresh, the nutty filling was soft and delicious, and there was a perfect amount of honey (some I've had are much too sweet). Needless to say I suspect I'll get baklava every time I go back!

All told, a very enjoyable and cheap dinner.
Very unimpressed.  The place is overhyped and the chicken is dry.
It's an upgrade to diner food. Delicious, quick, tasty. Delightful family runs the place. Everything was perfectly cooked.
12/26/07: Coffee break, three lattes, one double espresso and one mocha latte. All the drinks were mediocre, fulfilled their obligation to warm us up. There were some impressive coffee grinders there (Quickmill). Others around us ordered meals (middle eastern cuisine), all looked good.
I come here a couple times a week. The servers are really nice and attentive. The owner (I think?) is nice, but I've seen him act rude to customers before. I'm not sure why there is the need to treat customers like that even if they have questions or are unsure about policies. It definitely caused a scene. Also, they seem to be a little inconsistent with policies. They change too frequently for my liking. But anyways, food is pretty decent. Staff is good. And the hookah is OK - nothing special. Overall, its a nice atmosphere and relaxing place.
The Aladdin empire sprawls from one end of the ave to the other.

This is the other location.  It's smaller and is really just a take-away food place.

Dodge the pseudo-homeless and the drug slingers and stop in here for some gyro action.
The quality of the food is inconsistent. I used to love their falafel, but the last time I had it, it was so bitter it wasn't edible. The guy who works there seems very stressed and angry. He doesn't ever smile. The prices are good and when the food is good, it is decent.
I still love you, period. 

I have since stopped being a vegetarian and ordering only falafel.

I have since been to Spain where they have real life Turkish people selling real life Turkish kebabs.

This place is like shoving candles in Turkey's face it's so damn good (that was a play on holding a candle to sth... but it didn't really work as well as I wanted it to).

AN - Y- THING you order is going to make you super happy. It is like sunshine on a rainy day, except it's a kebab or a falafel when you're hungry... which is better.
To me, the Middle East IS Cambridge. It's where I saw my first concert after moving to the Boston area. It's where I saw my favorite band perform live for the first time. It's where I discovered Harpoon IPA.

It's not the fanciest place in the world. The bathrooms are a little scary. The shows are crowded and hot. The service can be slow. But, dammit, this place is a little piece of what makes Cambridge the city it is, and I love it. 

Concerts aside, if you come for the food, you're in for a treat. Everything I've tried is fantastic, and the prices are very reasonable. I love eating the rice and beans with some greek yogurt and a pita. Mmmmm. 

Also, I don't know what it is about their french fries, but I could easily consume my body weight in them.
Really Good Chicken! I wish there was one of these in Northern California.. Everything here is good
It's not just that I fell through the floor here much to every other breakfastee's amusement... there are big holes in the wooden floorboards that chair legs can easily fall into... it's not my fault... get some new floorboards... buy chairs with really wide legs... whatever.

So why only 2 stars? You'd think the local brunch-outpost a few blocks from home would be manna from heaven for this oft-hungover lunatic. But no, it's always just been a pain in the bum in the many times I've been dragged along.

* The long line pains the feet like bad acupuncture
* The wait once seated is elf-themed-literature-epic-long
* In summer it's hotter than state-illegal sin
* On wet days it's more humid than in Tina Turner's car
* And it's always painfully cramped - just like my style when Nadya wants to hang.

All of this for some omelettes and shit? No thanks, they're not stellar enough to justify getting me all grumpy and cursing all these hipster do-gooders. Nice artwork though, and those aforementioned holes in the floor at least provide amusement to those who aren't made to look silly.
I had my first falafel here and it was probably the best. The prices aren't too bad either. 
I'm noticing a pattern that most of the people who give this place a low rating got meat. Stick to the falafel. Their hummus and tahini sauce is really good too. This is a great place for vegans and omnivores alike.
Having returned to Viva a couple of times in the last few months, I just wanted to say that their whole operation is running smoothly now, and the food is just fine. So I'll add another star to my rating - and just kind of forget the games they were playing with sockpuppet Yelp reviews when they first started out.
Great food at a reasonable price. Friendly staff

There is no room, however, to eat inside the restaurant.
This place is certainly a solid four stars. I really like family owned establishments and this has that feeling. The food was good and the menu has a good selection!

I had ordered the lamb shish which was flavorful and more than enough on the plate for me to be full! Finished the evening/meal with some Turkish coffee which was reminiscent of what I had in Ankara!
Ew. The stars are for the price (and the good bread -- even though they only gave me one piece) and not the food. If you're not in a rush and have an iron stomach you're set. Went this weekend for breakfast (ok, it was closer to lunch time but we were still in it for breakfast) 

When we got there there were only 2 other people in the place, pushing food around on their plates. Should have taken that as a bad sign. We were handed tattered and stained menus to look at and sat down. No mention of the fact that you have to order at the counter. Another group came in after we'd decided what we wanted but before we realized that sitting at a table in plain view of the sole employee did not mean that we were going to get any instruction. Once we finally did order it took about 20 minutes to get our two breakfast plates. 

I had two eggs over easy that came with potatoes and a piece of bread. Eggs were greasy but cooked ok. The home-fries were inedible and tasted a bit like Windex. 

My dining companion had one of their combo breakfasts -- there was some major confusion (on their end) when he ordered, with lots of snipping from the staff -- anyway it came out with 3 pieces of french toast with so much cinnamon on top that he could barely eat it... as he said "my mouth is burning!" The eggs looked ok but the bacon was hardly cooked -- I don't think he had more than a bite. 

While we escaped for under 10 bucks, I still don't think it was worth it. Sunny's around the corner is a much better bet.

As a side note, I really have to agree with the other posters about the sanitation being rather lax.
I would be more inclined to review this place better had my significant other and I not had really bad service here the first time we came. It seems as if this restaurant is so popular for the food that it couldn't care less about customer service. We ended up walking out without food, and feeling very offended.

After that incident, some friends of ours convinced us to try this place once again. Once we tried the highly-rated-on-yelp kabobs, however, I can't see what all the rave is about. I have definitely had better tasting kabobs than what this restaurant serves up. Maybe the last incident left a prolonged bad taste in my mouth... Anyways, I doubt I'll ever be back. I'd rather try every other damn kabob place in the valley than come back to this place where they don't know the first letter of "customer service".
After yelping for exactly 24 hours, I decided it was time to be adventurous. I'd actually been introduced to Zankou chicken by Jason Autajay in 1998 after a night of clubbing at Chillers in Redondo Beach. 

Mr. Food and I decided to go for lunch here. Not sure what to order, we decided o n the quarter dark meat plates. This came with chopped up tomatoes, pickled beets (PICKLED BEETS?!), hummus topped with EVOO, two pita breads and the chicken itself.

The chicken is absolutely great. It is moist, and roasted to perfection. It is a little on the fatty side if you get the dark meat. PIta bread and the hummus together is great, and a bite here and there of the tomatoes is nice. The best part of the meal is this house garlic paste you eat with the chicken. It should be sold EVERY WHERE. The paste is garlicky enough to leave your breath kickin' when you burp or talk, but worth it in the end. Next time, I'm trying the Shawerma. (Although the sign outside the restaurant said Shaw ma)

My recommendation: if you are eating here with more than two people, order the whole chicken. I can ride on the cheap side every once in a while, so to get more for your buck, go for the whole chicken for all of 8.99 instead of ordering two plates and two drinks for nearly 20.00. They won't tell you that this is the better deal, so when you go ask your date (dates if you're a pimp) if your'e going for the chicken, or for the wraps.
Um, did I walk into the right place?  I can't believe people say this is their favorite place to eat--dingy space, spotty service, marginally acceptable food, the only reason I'd go back is if I'm really short on cash.  I got the Western omelette, it was basically a pile of veggies stir-fried with egg on the bottom, my friend's Eggs Benedict was just plain bad.  Not even the home fries were good.  I think the highlight of the meal was the buttered toast, and they also ran out of OJ when I went.  All in all, I'd rather go to Sunny's Diner than this place!
Maybe I'm a bad person for finding ZuZu! merely mediocre. I could care less about the dancing. I'm here for the food, and in ZuZu!'s case, I should have sent a proxy.

The grub is palatable but average - given ZuZu! is part of the Middle East empire, and the ME's food is also pretty mediocre, there's really no surprise there. We had the Vegetarian Pupu platter and while it offered a fun mix of treats, there was nothing in the mix that made me want to come back for more. Everything was average. Which is a pity, because if you are going to get down and dirty with the spreads and fried goodies, they better be mind blowing. And my mind wasn't.

I have no idea what ZuZu! is like during dance nights because we came here for a quick bite before an opening and got the hell out before the disco began. But I do like the intimate setting, the draft beers, and the friendly but spotty service. I would expect no less of the hipster staff.
I was very excited to see a new falafel place in the area.   Perhaps I had high expectations but, I was not overwhelmed.

The falafel had good flavor, although maybe a bit more citrus in that tahini sauce than I would expect.  The hot sauce added a small amount of bite which was nice.

My main criticism is that the falafel wrap was cold throughout and the pita was a bit on the dry side.  I personally perfer warm to hot falafel wraps with a nice soft pita.   

I plan on a re-visit shortly to see if this was a one time issue with hopes of an improvement.
you fuckers down in southern california just wait.  sooner or later, you're gonna move away, like north to the bay area or someshit, and you're gonna look around for a decent shawerma or tarna wrap, and you're gonna write long-ass run-on sentences and cry.

for real.
Oh Holy Land.  Why are you serving such shitty stale pita with such awesome hummus?  Why did your baba ghanoush get all weird?  Still tasty, actually, but there didn't seems to be much eggplant in it.  Maybe you did what you did another time, which was to substitute something else for the item that you were out of without mentioning it to me?  
Backstory: I love the appetizer sampler.  I am addicted to the hummus and falafel.  I'm not a big fan of grape leaves but that's just a thing about me, and these grape leaves could totally be the best ever.  And there is, in theory baba ghanoush.
Story: But this one time I ordered it and the only things that came out were falafel and hummus.  Which was great for me, except maybe they might have at least mentioned "we are out of half the things in this menu item."  
Holy Land, you do not have people skills.
I stopped eating meat awhile back but when I did eat the chicken and lamb kabobs here they were pretty awesome.
I would probably recommend what I am doing tonight- eating the appetizer sampler and scooping up tons of tasty hummus with fresh vegetables instead of stupid stale pita.  Holy Land your pita is a DISHONOR to your hummus.
Well...I love the appetizers (complimentary), which as previously stated are hummus and pita, then pickles, tomato, onion. This is an authentic Persian restaurant, so you should expect it. I'm not Muslim, so the halal part isn't important to me. 

They have a very large variety of meats, which is great. You'll be tasting chicken, beef, and lamb in flavors you've never experienced before. It's good to broaden your experience, even if you end up deciding it's not your cup of tea. 

We got the Heidar Baba so we could taste a variety of dishes (It feeds 3 people). It includes Soltani (which is another combo of Barg and Koobideh) and Chicken with generous portions of rice (very plain tasting rice). You can't go wrong with grilled veggies- yummy! 

I haven't eaten at many Persian restaurants, so I gave them a neutral rating until I have more to compare them to. The food was interesting, but not particularly something I'd crave. (Like I've said before, I like to feed cravings. Everything else is wasted calories.) But try it and decide for yourself. The service was not so good- they barely came to our table.

By the way, Persian food is NOT the same thing as Middle Eastern-Arab food or Indian food for that matter. I mention this because someone once walked into a restaurant demanding Persian food (like they knew what they were talking about), when it was clearly a Middle Eastern (Nile-Oxus Region my professor would say) Arab Egyptian Restaurant!?

One thing seems to be common though in Persian or Middle Eastern food- a love of rose flavored desserts. Yick- I may love Middle Eastern food, but I've got to skip the rose flavored dishes that remind me of my facial toner.

Finally, one last tip: When you are eating at an ethnic restaurant, try and order the same thing as those who share the culture. They usually know what taste's best and they stick to particular dishes. So if you are going for the authentic experience, at least you'll get it. 

We observed other Persians (after we already ordered) ordering something entirely different. We'll try again after checking out some other Persian restaurants.

G
Finally tried this place last night after hearing all the hype from everybody. The decor was like a fast food style restaurant and parking was along the street. I was undecided as to what to order but luckily someone in front of us in line recommended the chicken or beef plate. (tarna and shawerma). We went with the chicken and it did not disappoint. It came with 2 pieces of pita bread, sliced chicken, salad/tomatoes, and some type of paste that had a unique flavor. This place was great and next time i'll be trying the beef plate at the montebello location. good eats!
For a place that I don't really consider classy, Zuzus has a lot of class.  In my book, thats about as good as it gets for places that keep you coming back.  If you stop by any random night of the week, there's a good chance something is going on.   I met my first line in front of this place last week so I'd be lying if I said I wasn't reluctant to throw in the final star and just add to the buzz already here but they deserve it.
I was looking for some Lebanese and found this joint. Not too bad, but far from the best I've had. The hummus was good. I just had the shawarma sandwich which was big but the taste was a bit off. I don't know if it was just the spices or whatever. Service good, price was right on. Since I'm only visiting town I won't be back, but probably would in a pinch if it were the only middle eastern place around.
Wow, lots of low reviews... but I guess my experience was somewhat different?!

I came here last night for a late dinner. I always wondered if their food was doable. I came around 9ish. 

No I don't smoke hookah. So this review is on my HC experience minus the hookah.

I had the gyro & fries with a smoothie. I enjoyed my meal, but I do have to say, it was on the small side and didn't fill me up. Kind of pricy too. I say almost $20. They don't serve you water, what's up with that? They didn't give us napkins either. blah.

Habibi's wasn't crowded... there wasn't a long wait for the food. Customer service wasn't bad either. 
Street parking wasn't hectic and free.

This place is like a smokey whole in the wall, nothing fancy, on the run down side, but a good place to hang out with friends if hookah is your thing. I know this place gets packed. So if you don't want to deal with a crowd seems like Thursday night is safe. You can dress casual here.

My friends friend works here... so we knew a familiar face. Which is always nice. No we didn't get any discounts. booh!

I wouldn't suggest to come here for dinner. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here and smoke hookah if I was a hookaher... but I would suggest stopping by here if you're in the area and want to smoke hookah.

Don't know if I'll come back and if I do... I'll be back to eat not smoke. It's bad enough smelling hookah and walking out smelling like a walking hookah.

What I probably like the most was the music! I'm an arabic music fan and they had really fun music playing.

-1 star for the high price tag... this place is not that fancy. Or maybe you're paying for the environment or location?!
-1 for no water served and no napkins given.

All in all, I'm glad I experienced Habibi Cafe in Westwood! My first experience in a hookah lounge. Never experienced anything like HC before. Where I'm from we don't have hookah bars... so 1 star just for giving me a new experience!

This place is a iffy.
Zankou is so scrumptious and their taste is addicting. If they ever close shop, I really would not know how I will survive. Maybe if that day ever happen, I would pack my bags and move to the Middle East. Ok, I sound a bit dramatic but it is because I am craving their garlic as I am writing this!

I love Zankou's chicken tarna the best. The chicken is so flavorful, moist, and tender. D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S.

Their garlic is the best thing that ever was created to mankind. I usually ask for a double garlic and would get a reaction out of the worker. The worker would tell me that there is already a side of garlic with every order. I have no shame in letting them know that I usuallly consume two sides of garlic - all by myself. In my eyes, the more the better. If I can be drenched in garlic, I would do so in a heartbeat! 

I always order the tarna wrapped in a pita with veggies. A bite of this with a huge scoop of garlic per bite is how I devour this wonderful creation. Nom, nom, nom!!

Tip: Cash only. There is an ATM inside.
This place has changed in a short period of time! When it first opened, they offered their best in terms of service. Now, you'll never see the same employees twice. They hire these random people and it confuses me because I just feel like they know nothing about the food. Just how to scoop and drop. They keep the pre-made naan in one of those coolers that you put water in, so the naan is a bit rubbery since it's been sitting around and isn't fresh. The food isn't fresh anymore and it just sits there for hours since the place isn't too busy. They used to say, "oh we're cheaper than Chipotle." No way. They are more expensive and the service isn't as good as it used to be.
Ed's has the best wings in the city.  Ed's Sauce - hot being especially good - although it usually wasn't hot enough, but if you ask them, they'll mix it with the regular hot sauce to make it a bit spicier.  I probably ordered from there 9/10 Sundays during football season.  The pizza was pretty good, too.  I can't really say about the rest of the menu, because I haven't had it.

The downside to Ed's is that the delivery speed is VERY slow.  I lived a few blocks away and it could take over an hour, even at non-peak times.
Pretty underwhelmed with my first experience at Moody's. The service was quick and the two guys behind the counter were friendly and warm. However, the falafel was clearly in the fryer for too long, as it was very burned, chewy, and almost inedible. The Syrian bread that accompanied my falafel plate was very stale also. Folks, this place pales in comparison to Rami's or Shawarma King in Coolidge Corner. Seriously if you want good falafel, make your way to Brookline and skip Moody's altogether.
The middle east is slightly more Weezer than Phish and the food is good.  And then there's the candy colored walls and an eclectic group of people.    A good place to go out for a casual drunk.
I was a pain in the ass here, so I'm rounding up instead of down - this is about a 3.5 star place. Ambiance is bland, and street parking sucks. However, the food is pretty tasty.

I was having a serious craving for some lamb last night and Pita! Pita! came to mind as the nearest Greek-ish place. I guess I was confused regarding a pita versus a gyro. I thought they were pretty much the same thing, but apparently not. Also, Pita! Pita! is not Greek.

I drove over, walked in, and checked out the menu. I asked the girl behind the counter, "So, do you sell gyros?" She gave me a blank look. There was a picture of some sort of wrap that looked close enough to what I had in mind, so I asked for the lamb roast, plain, with tzatziki. "Tahini?" she replied. "Um, sure!" I said. This should have been my first clue that I didn't know what the hell I was doing. I like tahini, so I figured she was just trying to up-sell me with a side.

A couple of minutes later, she handed me a bag and I walked out. I opened the bag in my car and found a styrofoam container of lamb, along with some tahini sauce and pita chips, but no wrap. I walked back in.

"I don't think this is what I ordered," I said. There was a guy behind the counter and I explained to him that I was trying to get a gyro. "Oh, she didn't know what that was," he said. So, apparently, my question was Greek to her. (*ba-da-bum* I'm here all week, folks.) Anyhow, he said it wasn't a problem to change it.

The girl took the lamb back and made a pita wrap for me, replete with all the toppings that I didn't want before I could explain that by "plain" I had meant "just meat." She made me another, but boy, did she not look happy about it. I don't blame her,  but come on, I already felt like an idiot! "Next time, you'll know," the guy reassured me. "Yeah, right," I thought. "Like I'm coming back after I made an ass of myself."

Except I got home and tasted the lamby goodness, and I think I may be addicted. Maybe I can disguise myself on a return visit...
the best shawarma roll up I have ever had in boston! If you didn't eat shawarma roll up woth Garlic sauce, you still haven't eaten Aceitunq!
I had to pick at least one star, but I would choose zero stars for this place if I could.  Here's why:

My friends and I arrived at around 10:30 on Saturday, January 8th for a night of drinks and dancing.  From the back of the line to the door, it took us about 30-45 minutes, but we were determined to get in and felt committed after having waited so long.  While we waited, we noticed several people allowed to cut the line and walk in ahead of us.  These were not smokers either, they had just arrived.  We thought nothing of it until we thought our group was about to be let in and then suddenly a group of about 15 people showed up.  The people at the door told us this crew had made a reservation and therefore would be entering before us.  As one might imagine, we were quite pissed at this point.  I will never go back to Zuzu again and neither should you.  They do not care about their business coming off the street at all and clearly see their friends as more important than paying customers who have waited an hour to get in at this point.  Also, places that small shouldn't take reservations FOR DANCING, certainly not for that many people (they have one room!).  We finally gave up and went to another bar.  Screw Zuzu.
Finally, a place in College Park that's not fast food and opened til late.  Forget Prince Cafe and go next door.  Mosaic is much cleaner, has nicer and friendlier service, and better food.  I highly recommend the Kifta Kebab Wrap.  You can shisha while watching middle eastern music videos.  Warning - they do not serve tap water for some reason and will charge you for bottle water!
Everyone's pretty much got it down! Get the falafel pocket with EVERYTHING on it, it's the way to go!!

My friend got the gyro pocket and that was really good as well.

and thumbs up for the baklava finger tube things!
It's an okay Mediterranean spot.  Flavor seems somewhat lacking in many areas, and the authenticity leaves much to be desired.

It's cheap, and quick.  There are much better spots in A2 for felafel, or more flavorful Medter.
This place was great. I came in late on a Monday night and got excellent service and fish. The Mediterranean Fish is truly excellent. The spicy sauce that it comes with really brings the meal together.

There are a few things I would change: first have a smoking and non-smoking section. While I don't start a sneezing fit when I smell smoke from a hookah I do not find it a pleasant atmosphere to enjoy a meal, then again I was there at 10 PM so it might be different at normal dining hours.  Second do something more interesting with the rice. The rice composed a large portion of my plate and I ate it all but it could have been something more. I am confident that the cooks could figure out a way to make it event better.
Random location that pretty much only caters to the weekday lunch crowd, but if you catch it before closing, it's quiet and the food is great. Had an excellent lamb schwarma. Only negatives are the hours and it's not open on weekends, but then again, neither is Kendall Square.
I still can't figure out why it isn't called Cambridge Lunch since it's Cambridge and not Brookline but I guess that doesn't really matter. Their food does.

And their food is good. Very good actually and well priced. I went there a couple of times for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the value you get for what you pay. And it's also healthier than most places I've seen which is another great thing. Not a lot of guilt if you down those veggies.

The food comes out quickly and service is minimal but prompt. Just spot on if you ask me. The only downside to this place is that it's cash only (at least it was when I was there).
Truly terrible. It was around midnight and I was in the mood for a falafel which I haven't had in a while. I checked out the reviews for this place and they didn't look too terrible so I tried it. Wow amazingly bad. The falafel balls must have been sitting around for hours. They were absolutely stale and tasteless as was everything else in this horrible concoction. I thought I might get sick but I didn't. That's the only positive thing I can say about this place. I think this might be the worst falafel I've ever had. Actually there is a great place for totally fresh falafels in Harvard Square at Clover just a couple of blocks away.
Absolutely disgusting.  I've been there twice, since I attend the Le Cordon Bleu just a few blocks away.  First I tried the lamb pita wrap. The combination of flavors was completely off. 

Next, I tried the falafel, which was even worse.  The spices on it were so gross that I actually threw most of it away.  

Although it's one of the few options close to my school for lunch, I'd rather go hungry than waste money on their food again.
A fantastic place for a chill meal - delicious Mediterranean food, casual but interesting ambiance and interesting people. We started with a mezze platter, complete with a mini-fire pit, great presentation. It consisted of grilled lamb, a myriad of savory dips and sauces (yummmm garlic and eggplant), chicken egg-roll like things, spinach dumplings, dolmas and other yummy munchies. The salmon entree was a so-so, I'd stick to the other meats, but came with crunchy haricot verts and a light yogurt sauce. They serve a decent selection of wine and beer as well. 

The staff was hipster cool, barkeep had an afro. Extra points for picking it out proper. Hawt. I like this place a lot, laid back not snobby or trying to hard. Overall, I'm so glad I live five minutes away. I can picture myself becoming a regular here.
Food is superb. I am confused as to why my kafta plate mysteriously took 20 minutes to make. The gentleman said it would be a couple of minutes but this was too long. They served multiple parties that came in and left in under 4 minutes each but for whatever reason, kafta is special. That's the only reason for 3 stars. Food is a 5 - get the shwarma.
Gotta love the wowshis made fresh.

I came here when they first opened, and can say that their quality and service has remained great.  

Wish the storefront was bigger.
I was in a pinch and decided to try this place. I was pretty disappointed. The falafel was not what I would call falafel and they rolled it in a tortilla styled pita (very thin, not thick pita bread). I always stuff my falafel in pita. Anyways, the price is OK, but I won't go back here. I will hold out for Rami's in Brookline.
Early Sunday evening about a year ago, I was hoofing around Troy trying to find somewhere, ANYWHERE to spend my money. 
I just wanted food and didn't feel like leaving Troy.   
Everywhere I went was closed .  

(Seriously Troy?  but that's a different subject.) 

I stumbled upon this place,  Although the hour signs stated they would be closed, they were not!
I happily danced my tired feet right in! 

Thank you food gods for shining your delicious light upon me.  


The Decor is cute, the service is friendly and the food is great!
Where can you go wrong?

I've been back more than a few times.  
I heart me some falafel and hummus. 
I have a couple complaints but nothing major.   Okay, a few. 
-It takes a long time to get your food so call ahead or just don't go in starving like I usually do. (I understand quality takes times but I'm sooo impatient.  waaaah!)
-It's pretty pricey but once in awhile I think it's worth it. 
 -The first couple times I was here, they served my food with Doritos. uh?
The last time it came with awful veggie stick chip things.  
Yuck.  If you're going to go the easy route, at least hit me with some stacy's pita chips.  

If you're into this sort of food, it's definitely worth a try.
probably a 3.5 

we got the falafel plate, chicken SHAWARMA and lamb kebab.

falafels--in between, ive had better, the hummus and Tahini were pretty good.  
chicken SHAWARMA--can't get any more ordinary than that. 
lamb kebab--nice, tender and juicy
pita--a would think that they would warm the pita a bit but they didn't, i guess it was because it was about to close? but the pita's were good

overall, cheap but probably not a place i would want to go again.
food: love their chicken kebab, lule kebab and baba ganooj.  

service: rude but efficient.  if this place had better service, it would definitely be more of a 4.5

final thoughts: good for takeout.
GREATEST DRUNK FOOD EVER!!!  Actually greatest cheap sober food too!

Waaay better than any of the other places open after 1 in Westwood and they finally have the  schedule right to go along with the good bar nights here.  Open late Tues, Thurs, Fri, Sat (2am) I think... 

Try the falafel pita with all the veggies and a ton of the white sauce (yogurt sauce) Its just pure amazingness!
This place is usually packed!  Their food is amazing and worth the wait!  Their salads are fresh, the falafel is really good.  Gyros are cooked perfectly and their chicken is really flavorful!  Try their baklava and grape leaf wraps too! Delicious for a snack or sweet!
Cheap, delicious, and reasonably healthy. Saca's is one of the best quick-food options in the Claremont area.
Taza 21 is my favorite place in Pittsburgh to grab an inexpensive, yet absolutely delicious and wholesome meal. Favorites don't come easily for me, but in this case, I had to call it! 

The musakaa wrap is fan-worthy alone. The menu description says it melts in your mouth and that is so wonderfully true. The falafel wrap is good too, but it's not worth passing up the musakaa for. I haven't been able to bring myself to try any of the other veggie wraps because I'm always craving the musakaa. I also have not yet sampled their hummus or baba. 

The lentil spinach lemon soup is another star of the Taza 21 menu. With a nice balance of earthy and tangy flavors, it's much more flavorful than the average lentil soup. And I find the cauliflower irresistible, as it sits in the case, looking perfectly browned, right by the cash register - impulse buy! But not at all the sort one regrets! The stuffed grape leaves are average and skippable, unless you're really in the mood for grape leaves.

I enjoy the service dynamic of the husband and wife duo and even though the space is geared toward take-out, it's not a bad place to take a seat in. 

Of all that I've tried, the only thing I cannot recommend is a fruit smoothie - tasted weirdly artificial to me. Also, don't get chips, get sauce. The cucumber sauce is yogurt based, but you can ask for tahini sauce instead for a vegan option. 

Bottom line is, the food is fresh and prepared with care and I'd go out of my way to eat here.
My friends and I are regulars here. It is only $10 per person and everyone that works there is super nice; they get to know their customers. You can ask for bubble makers and the food isn't bad either. It's always a great time here especially late nights on the weekends. Make sure to get there before 12 if you don't want to wait to get a table, especially if you are a big group!

Not to mention Diddy Riese is across the street :) double win
I feel bad giving them a bad review, because the service was really good, and they were so nice. I think they've change ownership like 3 times now? Anyways, the interior was tacky, and looked like a cheap wedding reception.  It was better before they remodeled.  We ordered the small appetizer platter, with a couple of eggplant dishes, which were pretty good, and the grape leaves were served hot, which I love, and the Tabbouleh, oh god.  This was a joke.  Why serve it if you are a Persian restaurant to begin with? It was actually sad.  It consisted of parsley, a few pieces of tomato and onion, and then UNCOOKED wheat! Like, it was literally uncooked.  Crunchy! No lemon juice, no olive oil..completely dry! it was bad, like worse then the boxed shit.  Then we ordered the lamb, and chicken combo with the lima bean rice.  The rice was good. The lamb was decent, but the chicken was pretty bad.  Under cooked, and very very fatty.  We did get dessert, which was good, but i think they were already pre made stuff.  We got this vanilla gelatto shit, and the spumoni.  Both good.  The price was steep as well.  Like I said, I feel bad, but hopefully they can take this as constructive criticism.
Always delicious for a quick dinner or for a snack late night. Staff is fast and friendly. Lots of vegetarian options, which I very much appreciate. So glad I live so close to this place! It is an important staple in Central square; the other fast food places in Central are chains like McDonalds or Wendys. 

Thanks Falafel Palace!
First, let me say, the people that run this place are incredibly cool. The (what I am assuming) owner's wife came and talked to us, told us about her family, talked about how lovely my girlfriend's eyes are, etc. She was genuinely fantastic. Moving on....

We ordered the twenty dollar "Everything Vegetarian," and it was a little greasy. I wanted to rave about it. I wanted to love it, but saying I did would be disingenuous. Basically, this meal was literally everything on the menu that didn't contain meat.

The good: Excellent falafel, a scrumptious salad that tasted like nothing I have ever had, and really great pita bread.

The meh: I thought both the hummus and the babaganoush were a little greasy. Excellent consistency and flavor, but an unnecessary pool of oil on the top.

The bad: Dolmas left something to be desired. Once again, very greasy. And a little slimy. Like runny garlic peanut butter wrapped in a leaf. Kind of coated the mouth with an oil based film. Not good. And the lentil soup (something I normally love) had a reflective grease sheen on the top, and looked as if it wouldn't be out of place washing up on a gulf shore.

Once again, I cant stress enough how amazingly great the owners were. Hilarious, genuine, and very kind. The value was amazing, and we were both very full when we left. I would certainly go back now that I have an idea of what to order. Stick with the falafel, stay away from the awful. Get it?

Talk to the employees. They are very sweet.
I've started coming here for lunch on a semi-regular basis and the people behind the counter recognize me and say hi now.  The reason for 5 stars is because they are very sweet, and also because they have the best falafel! I didn't even like falafel before this restaurant because it's usually overcooked and too hard and dry. I ordered it here to give it one last chance, and found that Saca's falafel is perfectly crispy on the outside while still moist on the inside. The tahini sauce is the perfect complement. 

Their sandwiches, more like wraps, are also reasonably priced and flavorful. I had the 1/2 chicken platter once and it was a MOUNTAIN of food. Chicken, salad, hummus and pita - oh my. It's $8 but you get what you pay for.
ummm....this place is to die for.  we ordered the beef kabobs (BOMB), the chicken shawarma wrap AND a falafel wrap.  you will literally have your food on the counter as soon as you're done paying for it.

the counter guy (owner?) is seriously like the soup nazi.  i'm not a big tahini fan, so i politely asked for mine to be put on the side.  his response:  "NO side, you eat it like WE eat it!!"  damn!!!  can you say intimidating? 

then, on my last visit, we arrived shortly before closing time and he clearly stated "this order is for take out ONLY" (yes sir!)  so when i leaned over to explain to dad that they close at 7 pm, he promptly corrected me!  "NO - at 7 pm, I on the freeway!"

can't wait to go back!
They catered our office lunch today and it was as delicious as ever.  One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants by far.  The skewered lamb was so tender and delicious, a knife wasn't needed.  Equally as good were the chicken skewers, salad with the freshest, crunchiest vegetables and a light dressing,  grape leaves, hoummous, falalel, etc...I'm still salivating as I write this....The only downfall is that they are not located close to my office so I could enjoy all they offer on a weekly basis.
Wish there was no Rating I dont know how this place is stilll in business, Do not come here this place sucks cash only ask for your bill in English not Arabic. Service ZERO!!!  The hookah sucks so hard it feels like you're sucking coal
what a sweet music venue! always a cool indie band or local band playing downstairs. i love that there are two bars on either side, so if the line is long on one side, you can go to the other!

upstairs, the food is pretty good, an inexpensive. dinner for 2 could be $13! 

there is sometimes live music, sometimes a belly dancer! there is cool random art hanging on the walls, and chill music in the background - sometimes interrupted by the bangs of the drums from the band warming up downstairs.

just a cool vibe - and a definite icon of central square.
A hole in the wall Lebanese place- the baba ghannouj, shawarma, and falafel are outstanding.  The owner and his father work the store and both are ridiculously nice.  It's also super affordable.  This is really some of the better shawarma I've had anywhere, even compared to Israel.
WOW their food was amazing! I think their combos were interesting and good too! 

I wish their pita was fresh/soft but besides that, food was very good!
Delicious and cheap. 
I've been coming here for 6+ years since my first introduction to this establishment through a friend. 
Hell, I used to top my day off with a gyro or falafel from this place after skipping a class or two.
I swear by it and I've not been tempted away by any other place despite my travels into other states/cities.
Friendly staff, good food, and open late. 
What more can you ask for?
Tiny place in Troy that smells great as you walk up. We went on Wednesday and it was warm enough that the front door was propped open and the odors wafting from the kitchen welcomed us in. 

But the smell was better than the taste. I really wanted a falafel sandwich as did my wife who was talked into ordering a falafel platter. The sandwich was not wrapped in a traditional pita - something I could deal with, just disappointed. Unfortunately the sandwich included olives that just overpowered the flavor of anything else. My wife's platter was beautifully presented and offered a sampling of just about everything they offer I think - but in the end all you could taste was garlic. 

My sons each ordered a chicken gyro - the chicken seemed to be a roasted chicken that had been hand sliced. There was a sauce, but more mayonnaise than tzatziki. 

$40 for lunch for four (three waters and one Pepsi) seemed like a lot. 

We won't be going back.
Delicious, okay prices, speedy service and clean. The only difficulty is parking. A limited number of spaces are available in the back, and depending on the angle in which the vehicles are parked it can be very challenging to pull in and out of the provided spaces when Zankou is busy. Otherwise, I find Zankou a good place for lunch or dinner. 5 stars.
hard to believe that I paid $6 for this shwarma roll up of charcoal and grease. I love this food and this is a sorry showing.
These guys are the best! I haven't been there in a year, saw them just buy the tobacco shop next door and were just starting the remodeling. I've eaten at the old location for years, got off the freeway after 5'oclock heading to Everett (you KNOW how bad traffic is at that time!), on the way to work and being late for stopping there, drove from DT or Northgate just for lunch, caught the bus from 45th and Stone just to go there on a Saturday afternoon, these guys are worth it every time. Hmm,,I think I'm gonna go by there tonight! 

The food it always fresh, always hot, always good. 

I admit that I have not been as adventurous as I should be, but I know they always give me the "nod" hello, never mind waiting, they are all good guys that they've got working there. They are open till 3:00am, gawd I have NO IDEA why I haven't been by there after getting off work at the bar!?! 

There is never any bullshitting around here. I've been there all hours, seen all kinds of crowds there. You place your order, and unless there are 20 people ahead of you, your pita bread gets slapped on the grill in the next 15-30 seconds. You can see what's cooking, shout at him, "no onions, extra onions", he'll look back, "this one here?" give you a nod and go back at it. Always nice guys, you feel appreciated as a customer, the owner has never known my name, but I feel like I've known him for years.
AWWWWW came here with "the idiot"!!!! !!!! first hookah experience!!! ok the place looked amazing. but dam that waiter turn a god damn sandwish order into a freggin feast for 500 people. he charged us for everything, i wouldn't be surprised if he charged us for just siting there. he was upgrading everything that bastard!!!! seriously i was so pissed off when we  left. the bill for one sandwich and hookah cost us way to much. 50$$ i asked for tap water and got a bottle water. he volunteer to upgrade our fries to large fries, without telling us. bastard!!!! gave us an apple with the hookah withour us knowing.. it was retarded!!! i liked the flavor, hookah. but i just dont like the waiter trying to play us like that not cool at all!!!! next time i better watch out and tripple check wat this muth funcker is charging us!!!!! 

the atmosphere was great!!! food was decent, hookah incredible!!! service major fail!!!! music was entertaining. 

will consider going back!!! maybe ill think about it!!!! 

BE AWARE OF WAITER!!!!!
I finally got around to trying Hummus and I'm pretty happy that I did. It was a step above fast fast food Falafel making it much better than Maoz. Yet it still fell a step below places like Alyan's (probably biased because everything does to my taste buds). It delivered on fresh ingredients and had an addicting hummus. The only flaws I found was that the Falafel balls were big enough to push all of the other ingredients towards the back of the sandwich instead of it being a little more spread out. The "hot" sauce also left a lot to be desired. 

I also picked up fries on the side, and for a middle eastern place they were much better than I expected them to be. They easily made my top ten in fact. seasoned to perfection with all kinds of spices. good with ketchup but better without. Hummus is a spot that I'm definitely keeping my eye on in the future.
Nothing makes me happier than biking to Cedar's on 43rd, going to the walk up window and getting a falafel sandwich (fresh hot falafel with tahini, lettuce and tomato) with hummus. So friggin' good.

The best part, besides only being $4, is the McDLT factor. What's that, you might ask? It's the hot & cold all in one bite.

Or better yet, let George Costanza sing it for you:

http://www.retrojunk.com/details_commercial/43/
Update 5/19/11

Saca's, what else can I say but I loveeeeee this place, the humus is great, the lamb shawerma is pretty fricking outstanding. My best friend swears by the falafel and I would have to agree. If you have a sweet tooth I would recommend you try their baklava, it is light and and not overly sweet like alot of others I have had in the past. The owners are great as well. Everything here is fresh and healthy for you. Also the prices are very reasonable. This place is a must have even if you aren't from the area, trust me I have seen plenty of people come from out of town to get a taste of Saca's again because they miss it.  As far as the new sandwich is concerned the spicy chicken sandwich, it is the fricking bomb! it is the same chicken they use for the shawerma only it has been marinated in their own blend of herbs and spices. Tender and juicy with the perfect amount of spice. This is my new favorite....:P
Cafe Algiers has a calming yet pulsing atmosphere. It attracts a variety of people, from hippie musicians (who play their guitar inside) to the more conservative crowd. The interior architecture is unique and the decor is beautiful and reflective of the cafe's pan-Arabian origins. 

I ordered the Iced Cafe Viennese with a fruit salad. My friends were more daring and tried Pecan Pie, Baklava, and Hibiscus tea. All loved their deserts, however the tea was not what my friend was expecting.

There are many choices on the menu, aside from desert. I saw someone eating crepes, and another eating a sandwich. They also serve beer and wine. 

I definitely recommend checking this place out. The space can be a bit cramped, so don't bring a large crowd with you.
I really miss this place. A year out of Boston and it's the one place I think about most often. I must have been here hundreds of times and seen hundreds of great shows here. 

This place is Boston legend. All the bands I talk to seem to have a Middle East Story and everyone remembers seeing someone way back when they played here or when they saw so and so play a surprise show here. The stage is close enough to let the audience be a part of the show yet the security isn't oppressive. They look out for everyone and keep the place safe. 

Very easy to get tickets here. There is a good show at least every week so you'll be back a lot. There are two stages, one behind the restaurant area and one downstairs. The Upstairs is more slower, folky stuff while downstairs is anything goes. They have bellydancing in the corner (the restaurant) too. 

The bar is great and they serve Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food though I've never eaten there.

With all the good rock clubs in Boston closing to turn into college bars, Middle East is one of the last good refuges for a good night of hard music and drinking with your friends. 

Not to mention when Scissorfight plays there the place goes crazy.
I will give this place a Negative Ten Stars if I could.........Bad food, so bad that the four of us who ate there got sick and bad service.  The meat was old and dry, the falafel was the type of mix you buy from the store and add water to, the hummus did not even taste like hummus, we left most of our food on the table, payid Samir for his bad food and bed service and left.  We will never ever go back again.  There are many great gyro places few blocks from this Samir guy and they are much better and the prices also are better.
My girlfriend has treated me to ali babas both times i have visited pittsburgh with her. It isn't a large place and has mostly 2 tops, perfect for a date night. 
She always gets the maxa platter. Not sure if that is how you spell it but that is how it is spelled on their web page. 
I unknowingly enough order something else for variety. Funny thing though because we usually end up sharing. Sharing really means me saying"hey honey would you like some of mine"? In which her response is "I might try it but you can have as much of mine as you want". That's the answer I was looking for. 
On to the food! This last time I visited I tried the "Fetter Treat". Which in my experience was lamb on a bed of rice (Not white rice but not sure what kind) with pine nuts. It was very good for what it was, and it came with a small lettuce and tomato salad with a lemon dressing.
I really liked it but I think I would have been slightly disappointed had my girlfriend not gotten the maxa platter. On the menu the Fetter Treat says it is cooked with mushrooms and onions and a savory mushroom sauce. I saw very few mushrooms and not a drop of sauce. All in all I would probably get it again.
The maxa platter on the other hand was pure heaven. I could gorge myself on the Tabooli and Baba Ganooj. The Baba Ganooj had a great smoky flavor and I was really impressed at how fresh everything tasted. With the maxa platter it also has an Artichoke Salad which is really just Artichokes covered in some delicious sauce. Also, huge portions of feta cheese, hummus and tomatoes and olives in the middle.The maxa platter is all cold dishes which is also why I got something hot. 
Everything was really good and we enjoyed our dinner very much so.
Today I tried the chicken tarna wrap and it was really good! It was seasoned well and had the garlic spread inside however they either put a little too much spread or too much humus inside and it did get to be a little much. I normally order their 1/4 plate of dark chicken but the last time I had it it was kinda fatty and slimy in places but it is normally great so I opted for something new today and I am glad I did. My biggest complaints are a) they put too much oil on top of the hummus that comes with the chicken plates and b) the pitas are always cold/hard. I love the chicken soo much I will back and those things are just small. Also the girls at the counter are not too friendly, and parking lot is sucky.
man, i'm still trying to figure this place out.  it's like a fusion restaurant or something.  upon walking in, we noticed the television playing an arabic cable news program.  i guess they were trying for that 'authentic' feel.  but then, we noticed like all the kitchen staff and customers were hispanic.  i was scratching my head on this one, thinking that we had entered the wrong door or maybe even 'the twilight zone'.
the veggie combo was pretty much a mezza platter which included freshly-fried falafel, baba ghanouj, hummos, tabouli, grape leaves, pita bread, rice and beans.  wha-wha-wha-what?!?!  that's right.  we got rice and pinto beans in the mix.  i had visions of the song from one of 'sesame street's' sketches (sing along): 'three of these things belong together.  three of these things are kind of the same.  can you guess which one of these doesn't belong here?  now, it's time to play our game.  time to play our game....'  even if it was strange, everything tasted okay.  although, the baba ghanouj and hummos had a bit of a strong vinegar flavor which kinda irked us.
the veggie curry was equally confounding.  the rice and beans came with this dish too, as did a basket of pita chips and a spicy tomato-eggplant dipping sauce.  i swear this dish was more mexican than lebanese.  the 'curry' didn't remotely taste like it.  pretty good and spicy, but curry it was not.  the chips and salsa didn't really help in making the dish seem middle eastern.
when it comes down to it, i'd try more offerings in the future.  there are plenty of carnivorous and vegetarian options to choose from, and the food tastes fine even if it's more like lebanese-mexican fusion.  the staff was very friendly, while the servers went all out to make sure our needs were met.  you won't get straight mediterranean fare here, but you'll get a large affordable plate filled with quirkiness....
Love the tri tip there and chicken taste good too.  I love the garlic, and warm pita.  Good price and big portions.
I wanted to like this place more, believe me.  I had a gyro, which was just fine, about average.  The pita could not hold up, so had to eat the last half with a fork, which was annoying. I did not care for the hummus, maybe one of the blandest versions I have eaten. Service was fine. The fried chips were average, not as good as I expected based on the reviews.
Great tasting food.  I've never been disappointed.  The portions are generous and the combos are just great.  I especially like the hummus and the beef shawarma with pita bread.  Good place to grab a quick lunch.
I definitely understand why my bf loves this place so much. When I walked in, I really felt at home because it reminded me of my childhood and watching my dad fix kabob for my family. The food is amazing. The koobideh is juicy and the chicken is so flavorful. The rice is to die for, too! The owners are very sweet and I can't wait to come back every time I'm in sd. Persian food has always been my comfort food as a little girl, and always will be.
Sunrise Deli's Super Falafel is one of my FAVORITE meals in Berkeley.  I have fallen into a routine and get the usual Super Falafel.  The Super Falafel is too amazing to pass up!

It's like a Mediterranean burrito.  Sit and contemplate these words.
Lavash bread.
Potatoes
Eggplant
Hummus
with the crispiest falafels I've ever had.

I don't mean to sound like an addict, but I crave it regularly and highly recommend it.

Don't ever leave me, Sunrise Deli!  Or life will lose its meaning.
flavorless chicken. greasy falafel. dried up pita... i've had much better. if anything i'd reccomend the wowshi over the pita because they literally give you two times what you would get for ordering a plain pita, for the same price. ive also tried the lamb pita, and i can say that the lamb is fatty and flavorless. i'd much rather go next door to innout for drunk food.
What happened Kismet? The last time I was in here yawl had HUGE portions and this past time I went to get a somewhat big order for all my work peeps yawl down size the portions by 75%? The bread was the same size but all the wraps I got had barely anything in them. 
A little disappointed this time around and I even tipped well. I feel very ripped off.
Ew. But 1 star for the secret club area in Habibi's.
I love me some Zankou!!  4 words: Garlic Butter and Chicken! Yum!
WOULD INDIANA JONES DINE HERE ?

If you're dying to experience a third world hole-in-the- wall restaurant with two westernized naan ovens... you've found the perfect place except for the missing dirt floor.

The only Mex- fusion about this place are the words "nachos, quesadilla, burrito & salsa" that appears on their menu.   Burrito means fold into a roll and quesadilla means fold over once into a sandwich..  Their nachos are masala (Indian meaning spices) corn chips.  And "desi" salsa meaning from one's own country. Like.. "Yo that guy must be desi, he's brown and he's speaking Punjabi!"

Well... enough teasing about this place and what it pretends not to be.  We had ordered both their chicken and steak "fresh naan" burritos.  The naan is then made upon verbal command and then after being thrown onto the stainless steel counter top to cool for a minute or two before our ultra friendly desi guy asks "what is it do you want on it?".  I say: "how about the works".  By the time everything is added, I'm  looking at a very pregnant naan that gets squeezed into "burrito" shape with aluminum foil sheets.  As someone else has described it, the burrito is about the size of two soda cans and just as heavy.

As for taste & quality... surprisingly it wasn't bad considering that I took a chance by allowing them to add  their two magic sauces.  My wife didn't want to chance it and passed on the sauces.  I ate the other half of her chicken burrito later that evening and it was very good considering it was cold and without the sauces.

Let's face it... the place is a college town dive.   Their naan burrito wrap is is perfectly suited for this market.  Lots of bulk and flavors.   It's an   alternative to pizza, sandwich, gyros and Chinese all found on the same block.  While some would find this place to be a perfect study hall with free refills for sodas and teas, it's for certain that it's not my first  preference to use as a dining facility.  I'll be crazy generous and give Krazi Kebob a three star.  As for a dining facility... it truly is a perfect one star college town dive.
I have walked by Algiers probably one hundred times and had no idea that it was a coffee shop. I swear I thought it was a jeweller and had no interest of ever walking in. My friend told me it was beautiful in there and practically dragged me up the stairs into the front door. You can only imagine my surprise when I realized this was not a funky, crap jewellry shop but a coffee house with a middle eastern vibe. 

We quickly walked up the stairs to the second floor and shoved ourselves into a small table. There were a few tables of people, talking loudly but it fit in with the atmosphere. The wood work was beautiful, we had sat right on the edge of the center dome. I would have preferred to not be jammed in so tight, especially without another table near us but it wasn't so bad. Still full from dinner, I had planned on ordering a coffee. Maybe an espresso but nothing more than that. Imagine my surprise when I saw baklava on the menu. Waistline be damned!I was having myself a piece of honey, nutty, pastry goodness. My friend ordered a piece of chocolate cake and I also ordered the Cafe Royale (I believe that was the name of the drink, this was over a week ago and my memory fails me). 

For the price, I would have liked a slightly larger slice of baklava and maybe a knife? But it was fine. The coffee drink was delicious as well.  I was slightly annoyed by the lack of a sugar alternative on the table and the waitress was not available to ask for one. Another strange happening was that a customer asked for a glass of water and the waitress pointed her over to the carafe and asked her to pour one for herself. This was not particularly bad and does not change my opinion of Algiers, I found it a bit puzzling though. 

I would bring out of town friend's here after a night out in Harvard Square. It is right next to the Brattle Theater and down the street from Border Cafe.  It has a nice atmosphere, with the wood work, funky artwork and opera music playing in the background, loud enough to hear but not be offensive. This is definitely a place to check out if you are in the area! Don't be fooled by the exterior as I was.
This was probably the first restaurant that I tried on my campus that was not fast food. I went with some friends to the restaurant base on the yelp review.

Food: I ordered the chicken biryaki. It came with rice, chicken, onions, and some seasoning. The taste was pretty good with the seasoning and the rice. Though I got to say the onion had a strong taste if you're eating it plain. It probably would be better mixed in with the food. The meal also came with a soup (potato soup I believe), and that had a good taste to it.

Environment: The restaurant itself was somewhat small, and the environment was not bad. I wouldn't say it is complete authentic, but is about what I would expect.
Delisheesh.

Honestly, it's like the "old" La Shish reicarnate and I like it!
The lentil soup is great - something I liked at the old place better
than any other middle east restaurant.

Everything I had was spot on, except for the bread. 
It was more fluffy than flat -still really nice and I'm not a hater!
Mediterranean Cafe is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Pasadena and the one I frequent the most in all of L.A.

I've been enjoying their food since 1994, when they were located in the Pasadena Mall (the mall that later became Paseo Colorado).

Through the years they have remained consistently good with the fastest service known to man and delicious, reasonably priced plates.

Everything is good.  The chicken shawarma, the tender and flavorful beef kabobs, the kefta kabobs, the falafel plate, the chicken kabobs and the wraps are all satisfyingly solid.   All the meats are lean and tasty and all their sides are fresh.  Their tabbouleh, tzatziki, humous and baba ghanoush are all delicious as is the little greek salad, rice pilaf and garlic sauce that come with almost every dish.

5 stars, not for mind-blowing food that can be enjoyed only on special occasions, but for consistently good comfort food that can be enjoyed time and time again.
My only issue I have with this place is having to fill up the pita yourself with greens, hummus, sauce, etc. Most of the time I find myself with a front loaded falafel, and during all those last bites I'm left thinking "what have I done?" Other than that, great food. Sooo, it may not be the greatest falafel I've had, but Bella Pita is a nice place to stop by every once in a while.
I love falafel. I've tried falafel at most sandwich places in Boston, and this place did not dissappoint. A lot of falafel sandwiches are served with hummus, which tends to steal the spotlight from the actual falafel. This once is served with lettuce, tomato, pickles and a light tahini sauce that makes it fabulous. So much food for $5, which is not easy to come by in Harvard Square. It's become my go-to place for a delicious, cheap lunch. The staff has always been very friendly. Yayyyy Middle Eastern food!!
Still love the coffee, hummus and falafel... still dislike the sweets.  
Added to the list: biscotti.  Yikes.  Their biscotti are HUGE, bread-like logs that taste strongly of baking soda.  I feel bad saying this, but the biscotti are inedible.  The service, atmosphere, and savory food continue to be wonderful, however.
The service sucks. Waiter was rude. Never going back again
I'm surprised by all the negative reviews...  maybe I went on a good day...

I was quite satisfied with my falafel sandwich.  Not the best I've had, but definitely not the worst.  The baba ganooush was quite good.  And the portion size here was excellent!  I was stuffed before I even finished all my food.  I also like how they provide water pitchers and plastic cups.  

I would visit Amir's Falafel again.
I love Jerusalem Garden. They're fatoosh is yummy, their chicken is juicy and savory, their rice and lentils, even their lemonade makes me happy on a hot day. It's a nice spot with great food. The only detractor is that I wish there were more space--it always feels a bit cramped in there. But worth it.
So i went here for the first time today, I ordered the chicken kabob plate $8 it comes with 2 skewers of chicken, pita bread, side salad, rice, hummus, and side of garlic sauce and a hot sauce. the chicken was good, the hummus and garlic was amazing!!! the service was the fastest ever, I told the cashier my order and it was to me in 2 mins!. I am most likely going to go there again. Lots of people at lunch but the service is so fast that it makes up for long lines
Worst Middle Eastern restaurant I've been to in a long time. 

The vegetarian sampler was a sad, sad plate of greasy food. To be honest, besides the salad, tabouleh, and hummus, I couldn't identify what a couple of items of the plate were. Maybe an oily zucchini stew? Or a mushy, greasy Baba ghanoush? 

Regardless, I barely touched my plate. The food did not look appetizing. 

The only good thing about this place is that it's cheap. And for someone on a budget, Kismet can fill you up for like less than $7. Just remember, sometimes, you get what you pay for.
Just visited this place an hour ago, literally.  Their food is decent, however, I am pretty disappointed with their service.  

First of all, their price is high for a casual/fast food joint, such as this place.  Secondly, I was initially told to wait 10 minutes for Chicken Kabob wrap, which I waited 20 minutes for.  My friend finally got fed up and confronted them.  They just told her that 'it takes a while', when in fact they have forgotten my order.  They made my wrap as soon as they heard my buddy complain.  It was made in such a hurry that the pita was broken into ten different pieces, the outer wrap paper was ripped, all the ingredients were thrown in carelessly.  VERY unappetizing.  Definitely NOT worth close to $8 including the drink.  I did not want deal with their poor service, so I just forked through few pieces of chicken inside the wrap (couldn't even hold up the wrap since pita was destroyed before I even had the chance to taste it).
Thirdly, even after 20 minutes of 'cooking', one of the chicken pieces was still not thoroughly cooked!!  

Three strikes during the first visit...wow...definitely takes a special talent.
i love saca's! this is hands down one of the best restaurants i've been to in the area. the food is amazing, they serve hearty portions, most dishes are under $10, and the staff is so friendly! this place is definitely one of the things i miss most about living there. just be sure to bring cash; last time i checked, they were still a cash-only establishment.
This place is so incredibly amazing! The entire staff is so friendly, outgoing and wonderful. Not going to lie, i'm a regular here, and during the school year come multiple times a week. Each time, I'm greeted from what feels like a long lost family member. They are so sweet!

The hookah is amazing, and fairly priced. The food is also yummy, and fairly priced. They have weekly and daily specials, which make it even more great! I also love how they are open late,sometimes until 4am. 

This place is perfect for hanging out, studying, or getting crazy with groups of friends. One of my favorite places at Purdue by far!
Habibs is handdown the worst hookah bar I've even been to (and I've been to some really shitty ones). First of all, they charged us 18 dollars for hookah, when the menu list clearly says it's $14. When we asked why, the owner said "oh  you must have ordered the better quality tobacco" to which I said "no we didn't even know you could do that" and he just stared at me hoping I would say "ok well whatever" (hate to admit that I did say that but in my defense it was 3:30 am and I just wanted to go home). 
Then we ask the waiter to get us water. He gets us botteled water which is $4 per bottle. Of course we send it back and just ask for good 'ol tap water. He says the tap is broken so all they have is botteled water. Very convieniently theres a pretty girl on the table next to us who asks for tap water too. Well, lo! behold! the invisible plumber fixed their tap for her. Assholes, it was just freaking water. 
Did anyone mention they add gratuity on a party of 2 or more?? 2 people is not even a party!
Great for a quick lunch! 

Ordered a falafel sandwich to go. The Saturday Farmer's Market is across the street, and wraps are great fuel for wandering. The sandwich took about 5 minutes. There was one person working in the restaurant- she was cashier, server, and cook. The falafel was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. The wrap seemed to have been toasted before use- all of the edges were crisp and added texture. There was very few veggies in my wrap sandwich- a few slices of tomato, onion, and cucumber- there really was no lettuce at all. The Falafel King 2 sandwich had more falafel balls then other shops, but the quality was not a homerun. The sauce was more present and tangy on the falafel sandwich here then other places. 

FYI's~ 
* This is more of a "what would you like to eat today?" type of place vs. a whole in the wall "what is your order?"- more of a restaurant then a to go place 
* There is a TV mounted to watch while you sit an the numerous clean tables 
* There are chairs for waiting for to go orders 
* $5 will get you a falafel "sandwich" but "sandwiches" with meat are closer to $7
* They have a website with their menu and do free delivery on online orders over $50
This place is, essentially the same, but now under new ownership and bears the name "Zada Kebab." The good news is that they've decided to give away the garlic sauce for free, you can pick up as much as you want. That said they've also cut back in spots. Meat plates have significantly less meat and that lovely green sauce and pita they used to give you while you waited for your food is no more. Just the overall quality seems to have dipped a bit. I still go though. 

Side note, I know it's a Mediterranean Place, but the fries here are pretty good. They're freshly made and well seasoned.
I randomly walked into this place one day and decided to order something i felt as though I was cheating on my love Moody's Falafel Palace. Come to find out all the employees here were former moody's employees which made me happy that I was in good hands. Better yet Danny actually owns the place now. its extremely tight and busy but the food is so worth it. They actually give you extra meat when you ask for it unlike moody's. One of my fav spots
This is some solid drunk food, kids, and open until 3A most days, making it likely to be one of the few places to get it. You're not here for quality after midnight, you're here to satisfy your inexplicable need for deep fried foods and interaction with other overly friendly (read: drunk) people. The place is tiny with basically nowhere to sit, but you won't really care, you'll just take your shawarma with falafel added in outside where you'll make new friends talking about bumpits and Scott Brown. It's even cheap enough that when you relive your night the next morning, you may have enough money left over to come back and cure your hangover, too.
The Middle East Downstairs boasts live music from bands ranging from the very popular to the barely known. 

I attended the Heartless Bastards show on Thursday, Feb 23rd, 2012. 

MED is a long room, but narrow. There are two raised platforms on either side, one of which also has a bar. Drink prices are pretty ghastly, but that's to be expected. 
Crowds are pretty unspectacular, not much dancing, but obvy that will change with each performance. 

Parking was easy to find at the Central Square parking lot across the street and through that crazy alley. 

I wasn't completely overwhelmed with MDE as a venue, but I'd go there again.
Pappy Heidar makes some OK kebabs, and I suppose the main draw of this restaurant is that it's halal.

For an Iranian restaurant, the atmosphere is unusually austere and cafeteria-like, although the prices are in line with what one would spend at one of the more popular Persian joints that the area has more than its fair share of.

I had my usual tadig with khoresht, as well as an order of barg. It was OK, nothing special, but solidly done. I actually introduced a friend to this restaurant as he wanted to bring his relatives to a halal Persian restaurant later that week.

He did just that and reported that the affair was a major flop. The red flag here is that, while I can't attest personally, I trust his judgment and this place is probably inconsistent in its preparations.

I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to someone who was looking for Persian food in the immediate vicinity of eastern Pasadena, but on the other side of the coin, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend that anyone coming from a distance explore other options.
i make an order

they charge me

i see them puttin' that plate together in the back

the receipt comes out

i sign it

they hand me the delicious food

QUICK, GOOD FOOD, DECENT PRICE
im in love with the kebab plates and i like how they offer lamb (many places don't, that i've been to anyway)
definitely try this place out
WOW!

These folks catered a staff lunch for my boss and it was the best lunch we've ever had!

The Pita bread was fabulous...
the falafel (balls) were delicious...
the eggplant was divine...
the spicy sauce was A-WHOA!
Total experience=YUM.
Hummus is hit or miss here. It's been way to salty sometimes? and sometimes it's been bland.
Lamb pita hits the spot.

+ Variety of veggies & sauces
+ Quick & efficient
+ The price is right!

- No parking. Sometimes I'll crave a pita but will settle for innout due to the parking situation. Can't hate on them for it though =/
- Limited seating. The place is freakin tiny

Wish they opened later!
As of January 2009, Layaleena is located at Basha Cafe on New Street in Cambridge, just adjacent to the Fresh Pond mall.  It's a great evening with some of the Boston area's best Arabic musicians, singers and belly dancers, not to mention an enthusiastic high energy crowd who are just waiting for their own chance to get up and dance!  Truly a unique experience.
The bread is yummy and the salad was great! Will definitely come back when I visit chapel hill again!
Sahara is right by my favorite cinema so I like stopping by for some great Lebanese food after a movie. Because of this, I have generally eaten here on off hours so I can't speak much for crowds or popularity.

Sahara is a little vegan paradise. There are so many appetizers and sandwiches to choose from. It has the classic hummus, falafel, babaghannouj, stuffed grape leaves, all quite good; but my favorite is the mjaddarah, a lentil and rice dish, that I don't see in many Middle Eastern places. 

Come sample all sort of Lebanese food and enjoy the fresh, hot, and delicious pitas.
If you're anorexic, this is the place for you.  I literally had to go next door to get a cliff bar after we finished ( I'm normal sized, not obese). My fiancé and I went here for lunch, mainly because we would have the opportunity to sit outside and because we had tried the Middle Eastern fare they serve in the evening and liked it. I chose the Mediterranean salad option and he got a roast beef sandwich. Customers are given the option of turning any sandwich into a salad for an extra dollar. I should have known I was in trouble when our server said, "Oh, I didn't even know they did the Mediterranean as a salad". And they shouldn't. They NEVER should. It consisted of about three silver dollar sized pieces of eggplant, three to four sad looking olives, a tablespoon of feta cheese and two tablespoons of hummus. 

My fiancé offered me a couple bites of his sandwich so I wouldn't starve. Not much better. The roast beef was a pathetically cheap cut of meat stuck between two pieces of bread. It doesn't even come with fries. Perhaps most maddeningly, the bill was over thirty dollars for a horrible sandwich, salad and two diet cokes. For that price I could have had a fabulous meal somewhere else WITH A BEER.
I lived in Providence for 6 months last year and East Side Pockets was about a 5 minute walk from my apartment. 

The food is AMAZING. Every time I return to the area I insist on stopping by to grab some food. The staff is super friendly and recognizes returning customers. If you happen to stop by on a good day they have also been known to hand out free samples of food.
I felt so guilty while I dined at Pita Pita. Why? The whole time I kept comparing this place to Mediterranean Cafe down the street. Pita Pita, I know I was in the wrong. Will you still let me have your yogurt chicken?

Food: The meal starts off with Pita Pita's signature pita chips. These things are deep fried to perfection and you can even buy a bag for the road. My entree consisted of chicken cooked in two ways, a salad, and two sides. First up was the 1/4th roasted chicken (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/01xOhO708S2F_ONq4wLFXg?select=BwAMRXikRNPBMH8_naWBaA). Now, you can get this in almost whatever fraction of a chicken you might fancy, but even 1/4 was too much for me. While I liked the skin, I found the meat to be a bit too dry. More appetizing was the yogurt chicken which came with rice, beans, and a salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/01xOhO708S2F_ONq4wLFXg?select=uSebwckAYr8MR4_kTcRAtg). When the plate came, I was a bit grossed out. The chicken bobbed in a veritable sea of white liquid yogurt. It looked like ____. My attitude totally changed after trying it, though. The tender chicken chunks blended with the yogurt flavor to create a most pleasing taste. As for the sides, they did not live up the the high standard Med Cafe has set. The rice was bland and a little hard. The beans... they were your standard beans. I'd say the salad was pretty decent, but nothing to write to mom about. 

Atmosphere: It's a bit cramped in here and not suitable for super large parties. I didn't know why, but I felt like I was eating at a Subway. Perhaps they got their tables from the same place. Not sure I'd rate this as the cleanest place around. 

Service: Meh. 

Synopsis: Good pita chips. Great yogurt chicken. Not much impressed with the other items.
One of my favorite middle eastern places in ann arbor. Its a great place to just pick up lunch and its very small. The back room is ncie to sit at and is pretty sunny color. Probably only fits 20 people but is worth the wait if you have the time to sit there. People really go here just for a good quick meal and the prices are great. The schwarma is amazing and so is the tabbouleh. The chicken is very tender and done well. My friend loved his lentil soup! Turkish coffee or etc is pretty cool. They have desserts that are worth trying there. Last time I went I got the combo with the hummus appeitizer then the schwarma which came with tabbouleh and more pita bread. I love the garlic sauce except you def smell if it/taste of it for the rest of the day.  Compared to the other places on campus I would think that J garden has a lot fresher food and there is always a line when I go.
Pros: the food, the service, etc etc
Cons: When it gets busy and you need to sit at the counters in the front, its really tight and not too much room to eat for 2 of the spots.
I just read some other reviews and now I realize why our $20 hookah, $5 fries, and two waters (beware - they give you bottled water, not free tap) ended up being billed as $42... My friend had to argue over the amount of change we were handed back.  On top of that, cash-only policy blows.

The main reason we came here is because it's open past 3am and we wanted to unwind after a night out.  Other than the shady billing, the service is fine.  They bump loud music and other patrons started dancing on top of the tables, so it's a fun atmosphere.  The hookah was OK and food came in large portions.

Overall, Habibi's is decent food and hookah, but overpriced - I do not want to be forced to tip 20% for the quality of service I received.  I don't recommend going out of your way to come here.  And honestly, past 3am,  I'd rather just go to Denny's and smoke hookah at home... it's basically the same thing, only much cheaper.
Ok, so this review is for soul-le-lu-jah and not Zuzu specifically.  Boston and cambridge have very few good dance nights.  Soul-le-lu-jah has a lot of potential to be one of them.  The dj spins a really good mix of tunes and people genuinely seem to dig the music and want to dance. Can you imagine that? The thing is, you have to be pretty interested in dancing here because there is a lot to deter one from going.  Zuzu is so small that the place fills up instantaneously and there is almost always a small line outside. Once you get in, buy a few drinks at once because you won't want to wade through the crowd to get back to the bar later.  The whole place is full of people back to back dancing.  You're going to be bumping into people and people are going to be bumping into you the whole time.  I like intimate dance nights but it gets to be a bit much after a while.  If they could find a venue just slightly bigger for this night, it'd be perfect.
Extremely poor food quality.  We ordered a large fruit platter for $56.  The platter consisted of 3 strawberries, four pieces of water melon, a few pieces of honeydew melon, a few cherries, and a whole bunch of rotten grapes,   I mentioned the poor quality to our waiter, but he looked at me like I have two heads.  We walked away paying $100+ for the fruits, six coffees, and a baklava.  Stay away.
'You're still the one I run toooooo, the one that I belong toooo'...

Just another late night Friday jamming to some Shania with friends in a conga line in our favorite late night foodie joint.  It's no problem that they're closing in 15 min - I happened to order the last falafel and we scared off the last of the customers.  My friends' mouths are watering over their lamb schwarma and the ipod keeps playing all these songs we haven't heard in a decade.  We sing loudly, dance obnoxiously, but as long as we keep ordering extra hot sauce and sending smiles across the counter, the owners don't seem to mind too much.
The boy and I grabbed some takeout from Holy Land last week.  It was pretty busy for only being 5:30 on a weeknight, which bodes really well for them (and for me, so that they continue making yummy food).  We decided on getting 3 appetizers: Hummus, Stuffed Grape Leaves, and Meat Arayes.  It took a little while to get the food, but they can't really be faulted since we didn't call the order in ahead of time.  I complain only because we had to stand there smelling the delicious food and not getting to eat it.  :)

Now, on to the food: Pretty damn marvelous.  The hummus was so flavorful; I was in heaven.  It was drizzled with olive oil and paprika, too.  The grape leaves were good, but by no means the best I've ever had (that title is still claimed by Husnu's in Madison).  The Meat Arayes, however, were phenomenal.  The pita was simultaneously crispy and chewy, the meat juicy and flavorful, but not drippy.  And they were served with these thin, hot pickle slices.  Mmmmmm...amazing.  

The only real complaint I have about the food was that our giant order of hummus came with no pita bread.  None!  Seriously?  Who just eats hummus with a spoon?  We ended up putting some on our Meat Arayes, which was still pretty good...but still.  That was disappointing.  Nevertheless, I will of course be back--particularly given that I live about 30 seconds from the restaurant.
This is a no frills, cheap, and QUICK hole-in-the wall Mediterranean place.  Like lightning quick.  Our food was done by the time my husband finished ordering.  This place isn't like Zankou's Chicken where your food is made to order, and it isn't as good either.

We got the Chicken Kebab Plate and the Beef Kebab Plate.  Plates come with a good amount of hummus, a lukewarm pita, greek salad, rice, and 2 kebabs.  Both the chicken and beef skewers were lukewarm and dry.  I liked the chicken kebabs a little better than the beef because it had a hint of lemon acidity to it.  The hummus was creamy, but nothing special and slightly on the salty side.

I liked that the food came out so quickly because I was famished when I came, but you think that with the kind of hunger I had the food would have tasted amazing.  It didn't.
not great for vegetarians but some really good food and great service
Per my new $5 or less list, i must mention that a Jumbo Lamb Gyro comes to $5 even.... and there is plenty of self-serve water which is easy to access if you're sitting at the bar.
A TRUE GEM!  When Sorrento's closed, I was clamoring for a decent Persian restaurant to satisfy my mediterranean cravings. I have been coming here for years now and it is one of the best Persian restaurants I've found. The decor is casual with a bit of elegance.  The pita bread is fresh and plentiful (served warm with butter, onions and radishes). I usually get the chicken kabob w/ basmati rice. The chicken is tender and flavorful!  The rice is so delicious, I usually get some to go!  If you go at lunch, their specials are pretty reasonable and come with soup or salad. I get the lentil soup, which I didn't even think I liked until I had it here!!  The yogurt mint dip (sorry, don't remember the official name) is so yummy! The owners are sweet and welcoming... I always feel like I'm dining at my family's restaurant, they treat me so good!  If you're lucky, you can catch them on a weekend when they occasionally have belly-dancer entertainment!  If you love Persian food, you'll be happy to discover this little gem!
The owner is very friendly and eating here you will feel like part of the family. It is very relaxed here as far as restaurants go. Paper plates and bottles of water. I'm not a huge fan of this type of food but I went with a group of friends who all raved about it so don't take my word too seriously. The garlic fries are very good and worth the wait. The falafel wasn't bad but I didn't especially care for the hummus. The baklava looks a little plain but was one of the best I've had.
I went here for lunch and shared the pita/hummus appetizer and a mixed mediterannean kabob plate with my friend. As I was ordering the pita/hummus, the waiter told me that he ran out of pita and could give me naan instead. I was like, WHAT?!! How does a mediterannean place run out of pita?!?! That's like a Chinese restaurant running outta rice. Or me running out of criticisms. But anyway, I agreed to the naan+hummus and it turned out that I liked it more than pita+hummus. Haaa! As for the kabob plate, OMFG best lamb I've ever had in my life. It was juicy, flavorful, and not too lamby, but not too not lamby (I like meat to remind me of the animal I'm eating). The chicken and shrimp on the kabob and the rice/veggie sides were also fantastic. After tip and tax, the meal was 25 dollars for the two of us. Not too bad, but not exactly cheap either for lunch and for splitting an entree. I highly recommend it and I can't wait to go again!!
I will never get tired of this place!! The portions are large and enough for two meals. They have a very unique chunky sauce made from mystery ingredients (I taste egg plant, ginger, onions and peanuts) for self serve and it goes great with their deep fried pita chips. Friendly and fast service, parking sucks but well worth the visit.
I was really hoping to be the first to review this one, but alas, first loser. 

Overall, I really like this shop. The staff is very friendly, the menu is pretty authentic, and the prices are fair.

A place that calls itself the falafel house had ought to have good falafel, and these guys hit the mark. It is not the best falafel I have had in my life, but as far as places here in the city go, they make a good Egyptian style falafel. But the best thing I ate there were the grape leaves. Not enough places in Philly make them, but these guys do a really great job, reminds me of what my grandma would make. 

The hummus is slightly bland (heavy on the tahini, light on the garlic and lemon), and I did not enjoy the shwarma. 

Bonus points for being near my office!
Yummy.  Cozy atmosphere aka small place.  I think they had outdoor seating.
After living in Cambridge for three years I somehow never thought to stop into this little gem of a restaurant/café.  It's got a great location right in the middle of Harvard Square and is itself a beautiful building. I finally stopped in to grab lunch and coffee with a friend and was charmed by the place.  You climb up narrow set of stairs to the upstairs room with a strange angled ceiling and tiny little booths that are surrounded by windows overlooking a bustling Brattle Street.  They have free wi-fi so I've ended up coming back to do some work a few times and loved the upstairs attic feel of this place. You almost feel as though you're in some secret palace upstairs.  There usually isn't music playing so it just has the subtle sounds of a café, which makes it a great place to catch up with a friend.  The dishes are all Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern influence - while I probably sound naïve grouping those together, it really did seem as if the menu had a bit of both.  The hummus is delicious and the salads are usually quite tasty as well.  Overall, it's not too expensive and is never too crowded. I definitely was thrilled to finally find this gem after overlooking the place almost everyday.
Delicious food and open late which a lot of places in the area are not.  No complaints!
Great chicken kabob plate - and chicken shwarma. Delish hummus too! The best part? They deliver!
LENTIL SOUP! HUMMUS! CHICKEN SHAWARMA! TABBOULI! MJADDARA! FATTOUSH!

every time I come here I always want to order more than my stomach can handle. Good thing it tastes just as good after a night in the fridge!

only issue is the lack of seating. I wouldn't go with more than a group of 4
Went back this morning for breakfast and enjoyed it even more than the first time.  

The Za'ater Bread and jam are amazing...truly exceptional.  They make a decent pancake and eggs too.  

The place is cozy and the coffee is strong.  Service is also excellent and welcoming.  I will def. be back again.
Not bad. Not great. Tahini is incredibly pungent. On the expensive side.
Came here for some some coffee with a buddy on a Tuesday night. Having been my first coffee experience in Cambridge, I came away quite happy with my visit to Algiers. Seeing as their name comes from a North African city, I ordered the Arabic (Turkish) coffee. The waitress was good enough to ask me how much sugar to pack in the coffee rather than leave me with sugar to pour into my cup later. I told her I didn't want any sugar and so that's what I got!

The decor has a nice North African/ Middle eastern vibe. All in all, a fine coffee shop in a very cool part of Cambridge.
I'm quite embarrassed that I said the word "DONG" and the phrase "back my butt up into it" before I realized there was a Catholic priest sitting at the table beside us.  Sorry, Father.  All Kristy's fault.

FYI: "Dong" and "backing my butt into it" have nothing to do with the food here.

The bestest falafel *and* the bestest baklava.  The falafel fell open, steaming, beautiful, moist, and delicious... The tabbouleh, hummus, and baba ghanoush were also quite amazing.  Kristy's chicken shawarma tasted pretty bland, but we were exceptionally pleased with everything else... and the prices were reasonable. Truly a tiny place with astounding flavor.
The food is okay, but nothing stellar (with the exception of the home fries, which are really good), but my biggest issue with the place is how dirty, cramped, and uncomfortable it was. The tables were sticky and the floors were filthy. 

Go to Z Square instead. The food is at least as good as Brookline Lunch, but they take reservations and the place is spotless.
Aceituna Cafe is a relatively new addition to the Kendall Square neighborhood. It's primary clietele are people from the office buildings and labs in the area. They call themselves a "gourmet fast-food" restaurant. 

Aceituna serves up generous portions of Mediterranean and Lebanese food. My favorites are the beef shawarma roll-up and the veggie combo plate (where you get a choice of 3 of their veggie offerings, such as tabouli, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, roasted eggplant, hummus and more!). 

The seating area is spacious and clean, but has a Panerra Bread or Au Bon Pain feel to it. In warmer weather you can grab a seat at on of the patios on the adjoining plaza.
Went here for a post-late night out, and what a perfect place for it.

Tiny storefront, and slightly larger insides.  You order your pita, they put the basics together for you (and heat it up if you choose for a wowshi version - which you would be ridiculous not to), then you fill it up with all the goodies from the pita-filling station (a la salad bar).

I had the special - lamb sausage + grilled onions and peppers + feta cheese (replacing the mozzarella that came with it).  Pretty sure there is no need to ever try anything else.

Incredibly friendly staff; fantastically low prices, and quick to serve.  Only bummer: there are no tables.  You can site at 1 of 2 high chairs at the bar along the front wall, or stand.

I must remember to entice them to open one up in San Diego.  It's a bit of a drive for a quick lunch!
I'm working late, and Hummus claims to deliver to my work address (on campus at UPenn), so I put in an order for delivery, waited 90 minutes, called to follow up, was put on hold for 10 minutes, then hung up on before I called back to cancel my order.  The food might be fine, but the service is nonexistent - just like my dinner. Guess I'll hit the vending machine.
Chicken Shawerma Plate, extra pita.

Eat the salad right away. You can now cruise home and make four incredibly spicy half-pita wraps over a period of hours or days.

A fine-tuned, incredibly delicious and healthy menu, delivered with lightning speed.

That's what you want, right?
I went here today to meet a friend from Harvard for lunch and she suggested this place because it's got an outdoor patio. She couldn't have picked a better place. The restaurant is a mix of a coffee house paired with an awesome lunch menu. I opted for the falafel sandwich while my friend chose the grilled eggplant sandwich. The sandwich came in a wrap full of good falafel, hummus, and vegetables. The falafel itself was crunchy on the outside and soft and succulent on the inside. I like everything spicy, so I asked for some hot sauce. Expecting to get Hot Franks or something similar, I was quite surprised when they came out with a homemade hot sauce. To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what was all in the hot sauce, however, it went heavenly with my falafel. It packed the perfect amount of heat and spices that mixed really well with the hummus as they contrasted each other in a hot and cool type of way. If you're ever in/around Harvard Square, you gotta give this place a try! The only downside is you can't be in a rush. The service is a little slow; we had our checks ready to be picked up and paid for and still had to wait 10 minutes before our server saw it to pick it up.
I'm a regular at the other Bella Pita, so I might as well try this place out. It's right by UCLA, and its open until 2AM. YES 2AM.

I'm a huge fan of the Chicken Wowshi's. It's only $5.75 for a delicious Wowshi that's enough to fill two people up. One order of a Wowshi is split into two halves. $5.75 is definitely a cheap lunch!

When you get your Wowshi, you get the option to top it off with the wide selection of fresh veggies and sauces. The sauces is definitely one of the huge highlights of the Wowshi. I'm a very big fan of the "Very Hot Sauce", "White Sauce", and "Tahini". You get the chance to mix and match the sauces and veggies to your liking.

They also have amazing fries and fried cauliflowers as sides you can order. DEFINITELY try the fried cauliflowers. I'm a huge fan.

This location is pretty small like the other location on Westwood. However this location has extremely limited seating (only a few chairs along the wall). Be prepared to stand while you eat.
I used to love this chain when I was a broke-ass meat-eater, but now it is the LAST place I'll go for Mediterranean food when there are SO many better places in the Pasadena area. 

For one thing, the only vegetarian combo is the falafel plate. Yes, there are a few salads and sides, but nothing that would pass for a meal unless you want to spend $20 ordering a bunch of vegetarian sides. 

The falafel must not be one of the more popular items because the frying oil was very obviously old. Within a half-hour of eating there, I got the worst stomach ache that didn't subside for hours. This always happens when I eat something fried in old oil. Nasty nasty nasty. 

I do like their pink pickles and garlic sauce, but I you can get those pretty much anywhere now. They are no longer special to Zankou.

So, Zankou gets a big FU from this former (and once-loyal) customer.
Pros:  quick service right near the T.  Open till 3am.

Cons:  Overfried falafels that are a bit expensive.  

I guess you can't complain too much at 2 in the morning when you've got a hankering for a falafel wrap.
So many playa hatas creepin' up on the King.  Kiss the ring that's been shining since n...n...n...nineteen sixty-nine.

And order the veggie plate.
This place is fantastic. Get the sampler plate--you can mix and match five items out of a vast selection, each one more delicious than the other. I'm glad I live far away from Kendall Square, because if I lived any closer, I would go here every day and get really really fat -- not because the food is unhealthy (it's not) but because I just could not stop eating, eating. Verbum sap -- knafa!
best falafel pocket in providence. hands down.
Nothing compares to Döner stands in Berlin for me, but Moody's sure is tasty.
I would give them five stars if they sold beer, which would complete the nostalgia for me.
Then, I'd give Boston ONE MILLION stars if I could drink said beer walking down the street and on the T...legally. 

But, the next best thing, in terms of schwarma, falafel, hummus, and pita is Moody's Falafel Palace. The building is even shaped like a castle!
They also sell meat pies (MAJOR WIN, trust me), baklava, and are open until 3 AM Wed-Sat, as their neon sign proclaims.
I was here on a Thursday afternoon about 2 or 3 PM so there wasn't a crowd of any sort but there was a pretty steady flow of people coming in and out. I've been here around lunch rush before and let me tell you...it gets pretty ugly. Nowhere to sit and barely any room to stand in line to order food. Parking wasn't a problem for me but it appeared to be for some people that came about half an hour after I did which is about 12:30ish. 

The food, I'm limited in terms of exposure to Mediterranean cuisine but I do know I do like the taste of the Kebabs! Tasty little morsels, but be warned do carry a pack of gum with you if you plan to eat here and not brush your teeth after. It made me stinky and I didn't have toothbrush or gum. -_- The service is quick, and efficient. Order, the non-cashier people prep the food while you pay, and as you pay you receive food. Like voila! But don't be fooled, the cashier guy is friendly. He's just a very efficient man.
let's all be honest here.. zankou would just be some regular, un-exciting chicken spot if it weren't for their garlic sauce. that garlic sauce
Saca's is excellent!  Everything I've had is delicious.
"YOU'VE NEVER BEEN TO THE MIDDLE EAST?!?!"

::hangs head in shame::

Now that I've experienced TME, I wouldn't say I'm swimming in regret for never visiting before -- but, in many ways, I get the hype. 

PosiPoints for:
-Tables made from old singer sewingmachine bases
-Cheap and tasty food
-Fast and friendly service
-No attitude when I ditched for 30min to see a lady about a kitten
-Delicious and inexpensive Dark and Stormies!

NegNan on:
-Overcooked meats
-Overloaded plate causing food to spill off plate onto table, lap and fellow diners despite efforts to the contrary.

Excuse me while I go seam-rip my scarlet NBTTME letters. Well, on second thought, I better keep the NBTT -- making room for my Never Been To The Phoenix Landing shame.
Falafel is ok but nothing special. It's been served twice in what can only be described as a salad with a little bit of falafel sprinkled in. Also, it's mushy, not crispy on the outside which is not necessarily bad, but not my particular favorite. However, what's up with those fries? They are amazing.
Great tasting and affordable Mediterranean food. You can get a dozen falafels for under $5, a feta cheese triangle for under $3, some turkish delight and some baklava (baklava is kind of expensive here). The wraps here are delicious and when I order them they fry the falafels in front of me so they're nice and hot! This is a great stop for great, tasty food on the go. Sometimes I get a server who's less than friendly though - can use an improvement on customer service.
I went to The Middle east on New Year's Eve and I fell in love with this place the moment I walked in the door. 

The atmosphere upstairs is unlike no other with a guy next to me reading a newspaper while I down a 19.20z bottle of Magners. I was in love with life at that moment.  There was a band playing downstairs which was cool since my friends wanted to check out the band playing there so it was $12 bucks which was reasonable. Only downside was that I had to take my drink in a glass bottle and empty it into a cup for consumption downstairs which was understandable for obvious reasons. Downstairs has a very intimate feel to it which I like to a great extent. Would love to come back here for a concert or throwed or something. 

It gets four since this was my first visit there but yet I would come back again since I love it so much,
Seriously, how can you not love Zankou.  Their chicken is tender and moist, the garlic butter is to-die-for, their hummus is great with the chicken and the pita, and not to mention the price is so reasonable.  I would always share with my gf one whole chicken and order a side of tomatoes and hummus, which actually calculated out to be a better deal than the combo (considering we don't eat the pickles)
The chicken shawarma sandwich and the shish kafta are really good and fresh. So are the raw juice smoothies. The restaurant is always clean and brightly lit from the sunshine coming through the windows. 
Service is always impeccable and the workers are friendly. I highly recommend. A little more expensive than most places but not much more. Its worth it!
get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail!
Yummy.
Surprisingly enough, I don't really eat a lot of South Asian cuisine because I'm a bit scared of the bold flavors. I got a naan wrap the 2 times I was here and it was so great. Also, I was so ridiculous stuffed, the portion was absurdly hearty.

I also got a mango lassi the first time I was here, not fully knowing what a lassi was. It's a very thick yogurt drink, so my friends got frustrating trying to drink it as a beverage, I think. I tend to not really drink during my meals, and it was okay since my meal wasn't too spicy.

I only give it 3 stars because I'm just not a big fan of the flavors myself.
Best mojitos in town! If you come on a dinner date, ask for the private corner room. It's a space where the table is low to the floor; you sit on big pillows and can seclude yourself by drawing the thick, draping curtains. The table to the right as you enter is also a good one to nab. It sits in a bay window and has curtain you can pull shut too. Nightlife here often features a DJ and rave music.
My wife and I stopped here whenever we get the chance. the food is excellent. My wife is lebanese and she tells me this is the closest to authentic lebanese as it gets and we have been to many restaraunts. 

Pros:
Great food, so juicy and mouth watering
Price is so so
Great service from a great guy.

Cons:
well nothing go and eat there now!
Oh man i've been coming here before i could walk. My family would always pick up some Zankou after work and bring it home for dinner. I am still in amazement of how no one in my family ever seems to get tired of this kind of food. It's all the same shit, ALL of the time.

Chicken.
Hummus.
Pita Bread.
Rice.

I mean, i liked this place my first 10 years coming here, but now i won't dare step foot in it. It's not even that good. the chicken skin is the best part, yeah yeah, gross, whatever. I like crispy chicken skin if it's done right, and i must say, Zankou does it right. But the chicken inside is too dry for me, which is why they give you the garlic butter in the first place.
Other than that, it's the same pita bread and hummus you can get anywhere else. the pickled radishes are weird at first for most people, but i grew up with the stuff and i eat it like candy. (not literally..) Although it would be fun to hand out some pickled radishes to the bratty trick-or-treaters and gross them the fuck out.. Hmmm :)

Anyway, I don't know what all the fuss is about though. It's not bad at all, it's really not as good as everyone makes it out to be. A typical rotisserie chicken. At least the garlic sauce is delish. But in my opinion, there is much better rotisserie chicken out there.
I've never been here for the food, so I can't rate that - when I go to a hookah bar, it's usually for the hookah.  That being said...the hookah here sucks.  I've been to Habibi 3 or 4 times, each time thinking that it will be better than the previous, but that definitely wasn't the case.  

1. The outside is too cold.  The inside is too crowded (it should definitely be a fire hazard, especially with all the hot coals).  Both the outside and the inside have too much wind blowing through so that you can't blow O's...
2.  The music gets old - I have nothing against Middle Eastern music (in fact, I've gotten quite used to it after going to so many hookah bars), but I'd like to hear hiphop every once in awhile.  
3.  A hookah and a drink adds up to about $10-15 per person.  If you go to Gypsy's across the street, you can spend $20 and get a plate of food + a hookah that actually works well.
Chicken wowshi is sooooooo good!!! 
But nothing tops their fried cauliflower. 

This place is worth a try for lunch.
I always have a good time at the Middle East. I work in Cambridge and zip by the Mass Ave haunt daily on my bike. I look forward to eating at the restaurant due to the variety of vegetarian options and the portions. I can't wait until it's summer and the outside patio is open. Even if it's on a high traffic volume street, anywhere with outside seating and live music wins for me.  Also, I am an appetizer girl--- I could pick at pita and dips all day and love that about a menu. 

Last night, I got to the Middle East and found out the friends I was meeting were running about an hour late. I frequently dine alone but have not felt as comfortable as I have last night. I ordered the Middle Eastern salad, which was delicious with their house dressing, a range of tangy garlic and pepper flavors. I also ordered an olive plate to pick at. The olives were too bitter for my personal taste but my friends who eventually showed up loved them. The restaurant was a great place to sit alone for an hour without feeling uncomfortable or pressured into ordering booze or more food. I also dig that the set times are posted before shows begin so you can plan to just grab a drink at the restaurant or have a meal and kill time. Thanks guys!

As for the club, I often complain to friends about the late set times of bands, but it is hands down my favorite music venue in the Boston area. (Do not be alarmed if girls in the bathroom line ask you for gum because they've been burping up baba ganoush all night.) In the past as a young collegiate, I learned that you MUST have your ID to get in. As a young professional, I rejoice that I no longer have to clean those impossible black X's off my hands the next day for work.
I wanted a healthy alternative. Around this area, all there is is junk food and fast food. so when I realized hummus would be a "better" option, i was stoked!

Its in the same plaza as the donut place I frequent and I was mad I wasn't able to get donuts, but after tasting their hummus I forgot about the donut (or I'd like to tell myself that).

The man behind the counter was super nice and when i asked to have my pita bread substituted for sliced cucumbers, he was more than willing!

I can't wait to eat here more often!

LIKE TODAY!
I'm not Persian, but when I want to pretend that I am, I hang out at Habibi after a night of clubbing.  The place is still happening after 2am, with all the pretty people from Tehrangeles.  There's nothing like trying to speak Farsi and sharing bhaklava with the random folks next to you.   Gotta love LA.
This is probably in my top three faves in Ann Arbor. Everything there is delicious and reasonably priced, but the stuffed grape leaves and humus are off the hook.  Also the cucumber sauce in the shawarma.
This place is really unassuming from the outside, but the food is great -- and cheap. There is only one vegetarian option -- falafel -- but that was fine with me. I opted for the wrap (vs the plate). I shared hummus and tabouleh sides with my friend. We all agreed it was really good, especially for the price.
I've passed by Tom's Tabooley a thousand times but never knew what it was. When you try a new kind of food, it can go really well or very badly. Well, two key ingredients in my choice of lunch entree made it the latter.

I ordered the falafel with hummus and tabooley. Falafel (fried patties of ground chickpeas and herbs, like a hash brown) seemed like a popular choice, so I decided to try it for the first time. Stuffed with ingredients, the pita is pretty hearty, but it was so...bean-heavy and maybe too vegetarian for me? Maybe I went into over-achiever mode by getting it with hummus and tabooley, but I left with a full tummy but unsatisfied palette. 

I'd give my meal 2 stars, but the service and atmosphere were good, so I bumped it up to 3. Though I will say that the pita and hummus were superb, so maybe next time, I'll try a gyro or straight pita and hummus.
LOVE Ali Baba.

Curry Eskender is my all time favorite meal. I crave it. There will never be anything like it anywhere else around the area. I often call in my order and just do take out! I have had a few other delicious things, but highly recommend a large lavash and a curry eskender to share. I split it every time and end up very satisfied!
habibi's was fun , our waitierr was a cool persian guy .. i must admit the music sucked and the coffee was just OK ...  lol i LOVED the owners hair though ... Oh and the lamb sandwich thingy was good  i would rather have gone to the gypsy cafe though
I was never a college student in Providence. I have never even spent more than three consecutive days in Providence in my life, nor have any great love for Thayer Street or anything else on it.

Yet despite this, I still LOVE EAST SIDE POCKETS.  Love. 

Quick, efficient, cheap, friendly service, yummy, fresh, made-to-order, homemade tzatziki, juicy kabobs.... oh East Side Pockets my mouth is watering just thinking of you!  How many times have I ventured to the bounds of Thayer St just to savor the goodness of one of your mouth-watering pockets?  Oh so many...  How I love bringing home a side of tzatziki with pita as a movie snack rather than popcorn!  

Must. Drive. Down 95. Visit friends. And get East Side Pockets. Tonight!
I forced my cab driver to stop here late Friday night. I knew it was going to be the only place I could grab something to eat so late after the bars were all closed. I tried ordering numerous menu items but it seems that at a certain point in the night they narrow is down to just 2 items. 

I don;t entirely understand what I ordered, I just know if was some kind of wrap with lamb in it and it was pretty delicious. I got some hotsauce with it that was absolutely delicious. 

It wasn;t too expensive either, I dropped $10 and fed me and my girlfriend, and even had a little food left over to give to the homeless dude sleeping on the bench next to me while I was eating.
Great for a quick bite, anything Greek or Mediterranean is amazing in my book.  I went with the meat combo over a salad because, well, I like meat.   The Greek hamburger was tasty, although funny how it's served in strips.  The chicken, which is marinated in olive oil and lemon, was equally as awesome.  They tend to cover your entire salad with tahini, hummus, and whatever else you like, so if you want to taste your food, tell them to go light on the sauce.
Best falafel pocket ever. And if you tip you get free baklava, Plus I like going to places where you get to watch them make your food and it's all custom made to order
My husband and I went to Zuzu! early (7pm) on a Thursday evening. It was pretty dead. The angry punk music didn't really gel with the $8 glasses of wine. I wish it had been more lively, however we did get attentive service and were not rushed through our meal. 

My husband ordered the veggie pupu platter ($20). He said most items were just OK, although the grape leaves were downright nasty, the tabouli was dry, and the falafel was hard as a rock. I got the lamb kebobs ($8), which I enjoyed immensely. At the end of the meal we asked for mint tea and got two mugs of lukewarm water with tea bags. Overall I think it's bit over-priced for what it is.
This place is the McDonald's of Mediterranean food - the inside looks like a burger joint, and you'll be able to pick up your order before you even put your receipt into your wallet. It's definitely not fresh and I'm almost certain everything is put together through various pre-packaged foods. Plus, Middle-Eastern chicken kabob is not supposed to look like a Teriyaki chicken stick - and I'm also pretty sure I saw pieces of friend noodle in my rice, which is just weird. I also tend to be critical of any eatery or restaurant that doesn't have natural, unsweetened iced-tea as a beverage option. Even with all that being said, the taste of the food isn't bad, so it's an acceptable place for a quick/cheap bite to eat on the go if you're hungry, in a rush, and can't find a Daphne's Greek Cafe in the area. That was clearly my situation yesterday afternoon. Aside from that, I wouldn't make it a point to eat here. Pretty surprised by all the high reviews actually.
I used to be a frequent customer however over time I've stopped going and I have started looking for an alternative.  I'll update my reviews for this place as I visit the different locations but have found my experiences to be consistent at the locations.


Now days, this play is only 'okay'.  They have seriously started going down hill and that's a bummer for me.  If one of these locations shocks me and goes back to how it used to be then I'll update for that location, otherwise my (crummy) experience has been consistent as of late.

Here are the things that have tuned me away from this place:
1. Getting crappy cheap - Most of the items I'm complaining about is the management making bad decisions to cut corners and that is ruining this place because its really getting silly at what they are doing.

2. Cabbage Side instead of Turnips - For a while at least they were serving this cabbage dish that was just not good and despite my repeated requests to not have it (and getting it anyway) this was one of my most frustrating experiences and they were doing this at the locations I visited... Why they would not give turnip instead, I don't know...

3. Turnip Shortage of 2011-2012 - What the heck is going on?  Is there seriously a turnip shortage?  Has the price of turnips increased so much that giving them is losing this place money?  At best I get a couple with my meal.  Recently, I was tricked into thinking I got more than I really did!! Under the 3 or 4 pieces was a bunch of diced tomato.  I am a customer that doesn't mind paying for a side of this if I will really get a side of this (when I've asked for a side, I get 3 or 4 pieces there...the container its in probably cost more that the turnip inside.  All in all, I like this turnip and pepper part but...I just don't get why they are rationing it....

4. Now there's a Rice Shortage?? Ok...fine, apparently the turnip market have increased so the root is the price of gold but...now the Rice?!  I think this is just a further trend of this place cutting corners.  The past couple times I'm lucky if I get a 1/4" of rice in half the big area.  However, onions and parsley fill the other half of that area and my most recent experience was mostly parsley....I thought rice was a really cheap food source...not sure why this is now being cut back on.


At the end of the day, I have no idea what is driving these changes.  If its an attempt by the owners to make a couple more $$$ raise the freaking price, you want to make a "lite" menu, no problem, but then give me the regular item for a couple bucks more but this is seriously ruining the place which will only lead to a perpetual downward spiral..cut another corner...lose more business...cut more corners...rinse and repeat... 


Please...ownership...restore this back to the way it was you had a really good place at one time...
Good stuff and not too expensive.
If you're a UCLA student and havent been here, for shame! I came to visit a friend the past weekend and she took me here because apparently everyone raves about this place. One visit and you too shall become a raver. Wtf is a wowshi? Amazingly delicious pita stuffed with flavorful savory fillings. 
Chicken Wowshi ($5.75) - Comes in two pita bread pockets. The pita bread was baked to absolute perfection. Definitely one of the best I've had, and that's saying something. The chicken was grilled and seasoned perfectly as well. When you look into your pita pocket, there doesnt seem to be a lot of meat but don't forget that you're supposed to load up on veggies and sauces from the toppings bar. If you're like me and are always tryna get your money's worth, you might go a little craycray at the bar.
Only downfall about this place is the wait time. Hungry + naturally impatient me made 20 minutes stretch on forever. There seems to only be one person working here so waiting for a while was inevitable. The chicken wowshi was definitely worth the wait though.
layaleena is a middle-eastern/mediterranean themed night at the radisson hotel off mem drive in cambridge.  family style dining in an opium den environment complete with belly dancers!
Food generally very good, service generally very bad, atmosphere always fantastic. Good place to study. Bizarre prices--like $10 for a modest amount of tabbouleh compared to $8 for a falafel sandwich. I wish they had reasonably priced sides. Algiers strikes me as terribly managed, but the upstairs dining area is lovely enough to make up for it.
Good Falafel requires a combination of a holy trinity of Falafel balls, Pita bread and salads. All three need to be fresh, preferably made on the spot. 

Some would say that without any of them being perfect, the entire dish is ruined. I tend to agree with those who say so.

To my delight, Fa-la-la bake their own Pita bread. Right in there. After spending 3 years in the bay area, and resorting to baking Pita bread at home (infrequently) out of despair, the first bite at Fa-la-la literally brought a smile on my face.

The place is locally owned, and one of the owners is a graduate of the CIA in New-York - how many times have you had your falafel prepared by a certified gourmet chef?

The falafels themselves are great, and the salad bar (or add-on bar) is just like it should be - DIY. I hate explaining to the staff all of the little quirks in my taste and why I like my Tahini on top and not the bottom, and whether the tomatoes should come on the side or below the balls. (That sounded dirty, didn't it?). Hint: tomatoes below the falafel balls break your pita apart.

I haven't had the desserts yet (chocolate falafel balls? I must try these), but the rest was excellent, and I am sure to come back.
Dance! I mean really, really get down. Shake your tush, swing your hips, jump and bend, throw your hands in the air. Do whatever feels right and Zuzu will make you feel right at home. Freedom!

Zuzu is particularly special because it attracts such an eclectic crowd. This isn't just hipsters or club kids or white yuppie types. Here you'll find everyone from all walks of life, with one thing in common-- they came to get DOWN.

Fridays, enjoy a hot mix of hip hop, funk, club hits, old school, soul, reggae... whatever the DJ is feeling. Saturdays, hit up one of the best dance nights in all of Greater Boston, Soul-le-lu-jah, Zuzu's Soul Night. Rock out to James Brown, Etta James, and Stevie Wonder in an atmosphere conducive to dancing however the hell you want, so long as you're having fun. Grab a beer or a nice strong drink and let loose.

A quick word to the wise: Even in the winter, LAYER, and then prepare to strip them off. If you're not a hot, sweaty mess after an hour at Zuzu, either you caught them on an off night, or you're doing it all wrong.
Don't get scared by the black bean wowshi (around 3 or 4$). It's GOOD and that's what I order EVERY time I go there, and I'm not even a vegetarian. TIP: load it up with salad and hot sauce too! You won't regret it. BP's a convenient place for a quick order and at least it's cheaper than most places in Westwood when you DO cram the pita bursting full. Basically this review is on the basis of one wowshi.
Yummy, yummy, yummy. Tom's Tabooley has been an Austin staple for many, many years and they are still going strong and better than ever. I suggest eating in the restaurant and enjoying a casual laid back atmosphere. I love the Thai noodle bowl with falafel. The hummus and tabooley are always great as are the dolmas. Their fudge should be used as currency it's so yummy. I also love that they support other local businesses in the area and offer local items in their store (Baraka bars, Buddha's Brew, etc). Tom and Brigid are also some of the greatest people on the planet. Their three sons are pretty nice guys, too.
Best mediterranean option downtown for sure. Reminds me of the Old Shish on Washtenaw, aka Palm Palace.

Cheap lunch combos. The lamb and chicken sandwiches (gallaba, shwarma, tawook) and salads are pretty damn good as expected. 
I love the red sauce (tomatoes, capers, garlic, etc?) they give you with the bread and the soups are better than average.

A MUCH more flavorful alternative to Jerusalem garden. Sometimes the waitstaff can be slow as this is a fairly new restaurant.

I'm sure the dinners (kebabs, entrees, etc) are also good. Thank god (or allah?) they have a good mediterranean option on my work lunch break.

Not as good as what i've had in dearborn, but then again, what is in ann arbor?
Pretty tasty lebanese cuisine. The hummus and yabrak are particularly good. It was really crowded when I went on a Friday evening and three of us had to cram around a tiny table. Overall, probably not a good place to come with more than 4-5 people as you will have a hard time getting seated.
Love this place! Best rice in the city. This is my first stop when I come back to LA after an out of town trip. People are friendly, extra large portions, great flavors, and reasonable prices.  Try the lamb shank with dill rice, amazing.
I heard it was good. It's anything but good. I ordered the House kabob sandwich. It's really overpriced. Ended up paying $7.27 for a skinny not filling sandwich. The meat was cold and not cooked thoroughly. The romain lettuce inside was soggy and not fresh. It's crap. Worst persian food ever. The cashier girl is also rude. Parsian in Kearny Mesa is so much better. This place sucks.
Can't comment on the food here as I've only been to an upstairs concert, but then again I suppose the opposite is true for a lot of previous reviewers. I last went here to see a death metal show (Demiricous/Skeletonwitch/Dying Fetus) in the upstairs venue. The bouncers are not too aggressive, just checked my ID and waved me through. I observed a small bar to be ahead of me with the stage to the left. The stage and pit were very small, no more than maybe 20 feet across, which gives the dim room a very intimate, in-your-face atmosphere. I walked over to check out the merch and who should walk out but the lead singer of Demiricous, Nate Olp (this was the band I went to see). Got to talk to him and he even gave me a free shirt! After that, grabbed a 16 oz. PBR from the bar and they were only three dollars! :D So with that in mind I headed up to the stage and braced myself to enjoy many more three dollar PBR's and some rough housing and moshing. The show was great and I was glad to get acquainted with the venue. Unfortunately the next show I was supposed to see there (The Black Dahlia Murder/Hatesphere/Augury/Obscura) was moved, would have been way better if they'd stayed put. This venue is a metalhead's dream
A great place to go and catch up with friends.  HUMMUS PLATE AMAZINGNESS.
If you like tender, juicy, and flavorful chicken, then this is the place!  The skin is perfectly crisp too.  Pair that with hummus, garlic paste (it's the bomb) and pita bread and it's on!  The tri-tip kabob is good too but its not as tender and juicy as the chicken but still very flavorful.  

Fyi, Don't come here on a first date or if you plan on making out with your date because you will reek of garlic...ooohhh weeee!  Scope and Listerine won't be of much help either :)
Not bad but does not quite match Falafel Corner which is right down the street.  

Their tabouleh is very good though and the food is less greasy if your looking for a healthier alternative.
3.5 stars Beirut is where a different Lebanese place was and I think it has changed ownership. 

The family that own it are wonderfully nice and pleasant to talk with. They seem like very hard working people who offer delicious food.

Their baba ghannouj was smokey and delicious. I had a chicken shawarma wrap, and my friends got the falafel. Both were excellent.

Im taking one star away because it was a little disorganized. All of our meals came out at different times. I was given some free stuffed grape leaves that did make up for it.  But we all did kind of wait around watching other people eat. 

To be fair, at the time we went the whole place filed up at once and they called in some re-enforcements. 

Talking with the owner is a little tricky since English is his 3rd language and he is translating from French. He is an architect and could not fund work in America. He is also a skilled painter and his images are on the walls. 

I am taking a half star off for using all paper plates and plastic forks. Plastic and paper do not match the integrity of the food here. 

They are keeping a 4 star rating because they have something that is so special that when the secret gets out they never be able to keep up.  It's some kind of garlic dipping sauce. It is smooth, creamy and perfectly sublime in richness and flavor. It's mind numbingly good, and stayed with me all day. Get it, you will love it.
This guy makes a great falafel.  I used to eat from his his blue van in the  the 90s outside of hillman library.  I've been here once and it was just as good.
Ok.  I know there are mixed reviews here.  But I've had two great experiences at Cafe Algiers and felt the need to share.

The first was just a brief coffee with a few colleagues - coffee came quickly, the Turkish coffee with chocolate was crazy strong and crazy good, and the place was deserted on a weekday morning so we actually got decent service.  In this case, I like it when we're left alone...as long as we can actually find someone when we want to leave.

The second time, I hung out for a few hours doing work in between meetings in Harvard Square and again, found the place deserted on a weekday around lunchtime.  I had the fantastic Hummus Adjami (their amazing hummus with roasted vegetables and chicken in a die-for sauce).  This was absolutely one of the best things I've put in my mouth.

I don't love that it was a little hard to get the waitress' attention, their tables are super rickety and the place feels ridiculously cramped.  Yes, their prices are high, but whose aren't?  I'm definitely going back for more hummus.
The service here is very friendly and I'd love to see these guys to succeed- because I like businesses that take customer service seriously to do well- but with such a huge space to pay for and so few customers (though to be fair, i was there at 2pm on a weekday), I don't know how they'll be able to stick around. The food was just ok, not terrible, but not amazing.

Ordered the potato curry soup on the suggestion of some other reviews but found it way too spicy for my taste. The falafel sandwich was tasty but dry, if I got it again, I'd ask for extra tahini. Maybe there are some better dishes to be found if I tried a few other things off the menu but with JG so close and so reliably good, I don't know if I'd make another trip to yoshi's.
Fantastic! I've been going there for YEARS!  The lentil soup is fantastic!!
Fantastic lamb kabobs.  Order the plate for $7.75 and you get 2 big kabobs, hummus, a small salad, a pita, and garlic and chili dipping sauces.  The service is super fast.
Love this place the food is great and cheap!
Nearly 15 years after the first time I ate at East Side Pockets (Summer of 1997, they were giving out free falafel samples and, I swear, my buddy and I were the first two people to walk in the evening they opened). . .the falafel still kicks ass.   

Everything changes on Thayer Street, constantly, and East Side Pockets in probably one of only 3 or 4 businesses that have been there going back into the last millennium.  I only get back to Providence every few years, and I'll be really disappointed if they ever disappear.
my coworkers insist that the owner is mean and grumpy. (yet they always return)

i disagree!

he may look grumpy, but i've seen him crack many a smiles.
med cafe is quick, efficient, and deeelicious. 

keeping with their theme, i will keep this short.
GO.
parking is plentiful.
you'll order/get your food in under 7 minutes.
sit outside.
devour.
leave happy!
rinse & repeat.
Persian food in Pasadena = can't complain. The food is good. not great. I've been to other persian places all over LA, some better than others and some definitely better than this place, but being so close to home...I won't stop coming here.
Definitely run by the Persian mafia.

Lunch here is okay - usually completely empty and you can sit outside.

But forget about coming here for hookah or late night. Totally overpriced, terrible service, and Gypsy Cafe is right across the street and a way better option.
It's been a while since I last checked out Samir's, so I thought I'd stop by the walk-up "to go" window on a nice sunny day.

I again ordered the standard gyro, but they've changed it up!

No longer is it a "salad in a pita" like I said in my last review.  Now, the gyro is a bit smaller, with softer pita bread and less "salad" to it.  Much more balanced.  It's smaller overall, but I can't tell if it's less meat or just a smaller serving pouch.

The price has also dropped.  A gyro with no sides or drink cost me a little over $4.

In my book, the new pita style is probably the most "balanced" on the Ave.
I think Turkish food just isn't my thing. Came here on a date, sat outside, but the seat wasn't stable. It's a patio wire seat.

As for the actual food, it was very very meat heavy and I believe quite unhealthy. Service was nice, but this food just isn't my thing. If you're a meat lover, definitely check it out.
This place has pretty decent coffee, but decent is not really a 4 star rating. I didn't get any backlash from the waitresses or waiters and the barista was ok but everything here is just extremely overpriced.

Two cups of lattes = $10? Really? Since when? Even at most other places I went to which had sizes to their cups it was around $8 ...

Anyway, the to-go cups are small, and they don't really hold up well (they should think about investing in their to go stuff) and they don't give you a cup sleeve unless you look like you're about to drop the coffee because it's so hot and their cup are so thin.

Eh, in the end it served the purpose but I wouldn't come back for coffee.
Great green gooey lord, they have the garlic sauce that I have missed ever since Ararat in Watertown closed down a couple years ago. ASK FOR IT. It can probably make anything taste better... ice cream, croque-en-bouche, mandoo, navratan korma, baklava, Hamburger Helper, you name it. I bet that garlic sauce improves the taste. You could spread it on your arm and try to absorb the nutrition through your skin. The guy who runs the place is so nice that I don't want to think about the kinda dried out chicken shawarma. You know what, I don't care. They have friggin' amazing garlic sauce. They could serve shoe leather sandwiches but I'd probably not notice, the garlic sauce is that good.
I've eaten here twice. First time I got a Falafal wrap. It was huge. Very good, filling. The second time, I had a beef wrap. The meat hadn't been warmed all the way through, but it was still good. Not the best. But it's good for a quick lunch.
Good Turkish fast food. Quick service and convenient location at the Village.
After reading many reviews, I was skeptical of the place.  However, my experience there was completely opposite of what I had read.  The food and service were great.  The only thing hindering on the place is its off-the-beaten path location and I think their wine list could be better.
The coffee/teas are pretty good, but the food is just ok, and don't order any of the pastries because most of them taste like they're 2-3 days old. The best thing about Algiers is it's laid back atmosphere. You can sit downstairs or upstairs, admiring the cool architecture and get lost in your own thoughts for hours. If you're in a hurry, service is slow so you may want to ask for the check half way through your meal. If you don't, you could be there an extra 20-30 min waiting for the bill.
Here's to Chef Samir! Had dinner at the bar two weeks ago and was delighted by the best pate (sorry cannot find the accent key) I've had since living in Geneva. Perfect presentation, apricots were even perfectly dry and moist. Always have loved my dinners here, but that night was especially good. Will be back in three weeks to treat my parents.
I like Saca's. It also holds memories for me - from when it was at the original place, in Pepper Tree Square. 

There are clearly many reviews here, so I'll be quick. 

I love the Combination Platter - number 8. And the Shawerma Sandwiches are yummy. I consider this healthy fast food and the kids also love it and even my husband. I'm glad it's in Claremont and easily available.
Going downhill FAST!!!!
brookline lunch is the perfect mascot for central sq - dingy yet loveable.

1st place: the omelets- big and chock full of fresh veggies.  you can also ask for sauteed veggies on the side in place of home fries and even carb-lovers should try it out.  you get all kinds of delicious, unexpected randomness - asparagus, squash, spinach, tomatoes, etc.

2nd place:  clientele- bring the sunday times, but you may not even make much progress cause the people watching is pretty good. a mix of "just-rolled-out-of-bed-still-wearing-grey-denim-from-last-night's-middle-east-show" people and mit nerdlings.
It's open until 3:00am, serves falafel and shawarma, and is roughly 6' x 8' inside.

Given the above, it really couldn't be better. Consistent, hot, spicy if you want it, with a unique pickle flavor.

Good falafel. Really fucking cheap.
Aceituna is about as good as it gets in the Kendall Square lunch scene. I tried a falafel pita and a "side" of spicy potatoes my first time. The pita was alright, not thrilling, but the potatoes .... they were great. However, expensive for a side and VERY generously served - I basically could order potatoes for my whole meal. If I really loved them, I guess I would.

I've been at least 25 times since this first time, and ordered the same thing every time - the spicy chicken plate is a solid dish. The chicken's seasoned perfectly and grilled, though sometimes a bit dry. I started getting a side of cous cous instead of rice, and lately swapped out the garlic sauce with hummus, and the dish is even better. The salad and pickled veggies are always fresh, which is nice, and pretty tasty (and veggies are always the last thing I notice, if at all!). Insider tip - get that orange/pinkish spicy sauce for the chicken - Boom. Perfection. 

Overall, wonderful lunch spot, though I'm glad I've got a small stomach and full after only 1/2 the plate usually -- for $12, it's nice to get 2 lunches out of it instead of just 1. Also, lucky I work right next door at the CIC -- going early (11:30) is pretty much the only way you can get a table during the lunch rush, so it's good and quick for take out. Otherwise, it's really nice to sit outside and listen to music out front on Thursdays during the summer.
Good, fast, reasonably price food from a fun, local place. The lamb was delicious, portions are probably big enough for two if you're not large eaters and going for lunch.
Okay food, good speed
Amazing if you know what you are in for. Perfect for a long conversation, don't rush. 

They leave you alone - the food is good but not amazing. The decor and ambiance is wonderful - I bumped into "the socrates cafe" the other day - a group of philosophers that gathers every week. Love it.
Got falafel and chicken kabob and chicken fingers there today, nothing tasted good. even fries were bad as McD's.  very disappointed. Want some bad junkie calories, go there!
hand down the best omelettes i've ever had.  i don't know how this guy does it but the super thin layers of egg and cheese like a millefeuille with the home fries and toast is the best deal in boston.

the place is dirty and run down.  and the underage servers don't always have the quickest feet.  but hey, it's a family run business.  what do you want?  the coffee is quick, the couple works hard and the prices are ridiculous.

one could hope for more and get less in any place.
Stopped by here a couple of weeks ago with some friends. Will definitely be returning! 

I got the fava bean salad with some added feta: yum++!!! It was absolutely delicious. Seasoned perfectly, with just the right amount of lemon, tomato and onion. It appeared to be a relatively small dish, but I was full when I finished it.

One of my friends got the vegetarian pupu platter and I took some of the olive pate. To give you some background, olives are my favorite food. Although I'll love almost every olive that's put in front of me, it takes a lot to really impress me. I'm an olive snob like that. But oh man! So good. Rich, slightly bitter, very flavorful. Wasn't oversalted like a lot of other olive pates. Amazing.

Yeah Zuzu yeah!!
This place is amazing!!! Fresh food and is always served hot. The falafel, lamb, rotisserie chicken are mouth watering excellent. The service is always friendly and helpful. Everyone always has a smile on their face and is always welcoming. There is a blonde girl that works their she is the sweetest girl I've ever met, always helps everyone out and makes sure you get what you need. If you want a fresh meal for a good price this the the place to go.
Algiers Coffee House is a beautiful, charming place in Harvard Square.  While in Boston, I met up with an old friend for breakfast here.  The food was nothing special (I had an omelette and my friend had two biscotti).  My latte was nice, but nothing outstanding.  But the decor was lovely, the ambiance quite peaceful.  A wonderful place to linger and catch up.
Good little Egyptian-run kebab/shwarma/felafel joint in Harvard Square with useful late-night hours; bad falafel is trumped by really good lamb shawarma.

Much anguished ink has been spilled on the mall-ification of Harvard Square, as many quirky veteran restaurants have given way to unremarkable national chain outlets. But things aren't all dire: some interesting, worthy venues have opened lately, from upscale gastropub Russell House Tavern to tiny bar-with-interesting-food Tory Row, with modest Indian, Korean, vegan, and other options on the way.

Into this camp falls Falafel Corner, an Egyptian-owned shwarma-and-kebab joint that keeps some much-needed late hours and manages to trump the typical collegiate take-out mill with some real care in its food.

Given the paucity of quality, value-priced alternatives nearby, Falafel Corner could probably survive on the generous size of its pita wraps, salads, and plates. But its mostly Syrian/Lebanese dishes are fresh and flavorful, served with above-average tahini and a fiery house-made hot sauce reminiscent of Turkish ajvar. Vegetarian standouts include Egyptian-leaning foul medammas ($3/side; $4/wrap; $6/plate), which are stewed dried favas piquant with pomegranate and lemon; baba ghanouj ($3; $4.50; $6) with a lovely smoky quality; and tabouleh ($3; $4.50; $6) that is vibrant green to both eye and palate. Ironically, the namesake falafel ($3; $4.50; $6) of chickpeas and favas is underwhelming, its crisp, sesame-studded exterior giving way to a chalky, dull interior. But grilled-to-order kebabs are worth the wait, notably well-spiced ground-beef kafta ($5.50/wrap; $7/plate) and yogurt-marinated salmon ($6.50; $8). And the authentic shwarma -- slabs of marinated chicken or lamb stacked and broiled on a vertical rotisserie, crisp outside and moist inside, sliced off into pieces -- is phenomenal. The lamb ($5.50; $7) is especially good; its unusually large chunks show clear layers of different doneness: gorgeous, slightly chewy, beautifully flavored.

Beverage options are limited to sodas and juices ($1.25-$2) and good Turkish coffee or tea ($1.50), both strong and cardamom-flavored. The five dessert pastries ($1.50) are mostly phyllo-based, extremely sweet with honey, flavored with crushed nuts, and mainly distinguishable by texture: some more cakey, some more flaky. The odd split-level layout is awkward to navigate; you must hazard a staircase to order topside, wait on the landing, then take out or sit at one of 14 seats downstairs. But for budget-conscious students, discriminating vegetarians, or cabbies seeking a halal meal in the wee hours, Falafel Corner is a welcome haven, a hopeful sign of recovery in a neighborhood that can always use more soulful, independent restaurants.
Ordered the grape leaves appetizer + lamb/beef shawarma plate with rice and vegetables (the other option was pita/hummus). The plate came with a side choice of soup or salad - we went with lentil soup. After tax the total was $16 something. A bit on the pricey side compared to places like this in the northern suburbs of Chicago but the food was tasty and the crowd was diverse. I would have preferred everything to be a little less salty. For 2 people that was enough food. We left very full, satisfied, and thirsty. I would come back to try their sandwiches.
Meh. The falafels themselves are good, but that's where it stops.

I had a regular falafel sandwich and a side of baba ghanoush.

The sandwich was in a pita, not in a lavash wrap, and it was cold - even the falafel was chilled. 

The BG was passable but nothing spectacular. The side of BG was $3.49 - with no bread. 

There are a couple other Mediterranean places in walking distance of campus that I think do their falafel sandwiches much better, IMHO. Also, I prefer grilled lavash bread to cold pita. 

I'll admit that the Tabouli looked really fresh. Next time, I might stop by for some falafels (not sandwich) and tabouli.
Had my first taste of aladdin during the Udistrict street fair... ordered the rice with meat. We didn't expect anything special, so we decided to split the dish amongs the 4 of us. Waited a while for the plate to come out... but when it came out.... we devoured the thing like a real carnivore!

It was really good... that the next few days we had to come back and get the gyros!
Yummy-licious
I love this place! The lamb is sooo tender and good. I actually feel healthy when I leave too which is always a plus. My husband and I get the lamb kabob plate with water and extra side salad. This is makes for just the right portion for both of us and costs about $12 total for both of our lunches together. Yum!
The mint coffee is tasty. A great place to have a meal with a friend. Good location.
I thought I wouldn't be back here ever again but you know things sometime changes and then you feel like maybe it could be different. Well this time going back with my friend it was pretty damn good !! I went about a month or two ago and found out that I been missing out.

We shared a chicken and also a kabob plate. The kabob plate took 10 mins which we didn't mind and it was pretty good. The seasoning is has a lot of flavor and the meat wasn't overcooked at all! 

The chicken was good and I tried something new that I have never had in my life falafel it is deep friend with something inside that I don't really know. It has a pretty strong flavor but I did enjoy it as well. 

It is always good to try something you have never tried before. Also came back after reading a long article in LA Weekly about the family fighting. Felt bad and wanted to give it another chance.

I'm glad I gave it a try and I had a splendid time just eating some tasty flavored food. Yummy ! Check it out.
So you took her on a date.  Why not?  Not the prettiest girl in the world but she laughed at your lame joke, and there was something about the way she twirled her hair.  So the date went well. And so did the second.  Didn't get past second base, but meh....there was just something about the way she smiled at you.  You think.  Maybe it's just because she lives just down the street.  Or maybe its cause she always answers the door, even if it's 2am in the morning.  You don't know...hell, most of the time you go see her, the room's spinning from one to many at Redline or Middlesex Lounge, and you can't be bothered to think about why's and hows.  Until suddenly you're walking down the aisle and her gap toothed smile catches the corner of your eye from under her veil and you think to yourself "how did it come to this?!" And you know it's gonna be lamb roll ups for the rest of your life. 

Yep. Moody's is kind of like that.
5 star all day! I've been eating here for at least ten years, seriously! I love their food, it is always amazing. They're not expensive at all. I love the guys working here, they're so nice. Great people, great food. Highly, Highly recommend!!!!!!!! Must have!!!!
I remember when you used to be able to go here and rent out a hookah with your meal.*sigh*

This is a great place to go before or after catching a movie at the Brattle, preferably Casablanca.

Anyway, Algiers is a touch pricey, but it is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. Particularly the mint coffee and baklava...they just seem to make a perfect pairing. The Arabian coffee comes in a small pot, thick and dark and gritty...just amazing to even think about. The Mediterranean plate is also good...really I've never disliked anything I've had there.

The staff is nice though sometimes hard to flag down, the ambiance upstairs is gorgeous, the bathrooms (or at least the ladies room) sport some fantastic graffiti, the tables are all sorts of terrible though. I'd suggest bringing a pack of matches to stick it under one of the legs to try to stabilize whichever weeble wobble you end up sitting at.
Oh. The first bar I've ever been kicked out of? And I wasn't even drunk?
WELLTHATMAKESAWHOLELOTOFFUCKINGSENSE.

Y'know I actually had to take down my review for the ME and rewrite it because some little emo ripoff made it a point to be a complete turdlump to me on New Years Eve. While in past times I have had a good experience coming here for shows of the indie/emo/hardcore nature, I've had to come back and demote this venue a FULL two stars. So maybe NYE is always a disappointment, I take it back, it IS always a disappointment, but don't go out of your way to make me want to tear your cheap flanneled arms off. 

We arrived around 11:45, after viewing the long line to get into Starry Night @ 11:30. Why they still sold tickets to the point of overflow is beyond me, but I was pretty sure I didn't intend on spending my last final minutes of disowning 2007 waiting with a bunch of douchebags in a line in 35 degree weather. Fuk dat noyze. I knew some friends of mine would be DJing at ME Upstairs, and that I had friends in Central Square that wouldn't be anxiously awaiting under a limp piece of greenery at some house party that'd be ready to ring the new year in with style...and absolutely no class. 

The clock begins to tick down, I'm waiting at the bar. And waiting. And waiting. I've been blatantly in front of the register anxiously ready to place an order for our midnight shots of Patron. I must have stood there for a good 10 mins, while the clock went down. Got our drinks in time, and threw down our shots. We tried to get into the party upstairs, no can do, over capacity. Oh,  well, my fault for showing up so late, I'll just text my friends and let them know that I made an effort to see them rock it out, and finish the night elsewhere. But lo! We're led in by my friend shortly after, still paying the $15 cover. 

We immediately hop on stage, yes on stage, and yes I'm still very sober. We're dancing like maniacs until I realize I need some serious bra readjustment and have to run into the bathroom. We come back out, and go to head back in and are stopped by aforementioned emo rip off fan club member # 200876354758. He was inclined to believe that since he forgot to adorn Sweta's wrist with a bracelet, that she didn't pay. I explained to him that actually, she had paid, and he must have forgotten to given her a wristband. He refused to believe that, and that's when I sort of began to see red. It didn't even saturate from bubblegum to crimson, just white to SATANIC FURY RED. "Are you fucking with me? I gave her change for her ticket. Here! Fine! (throws a $20 at douchebag)". Guy says fuck you and we get our coats "and a happy new year to you, too" I retort. While it wasn't a big deal to have to leave, it was a big deal in the way in which we were treated. It was almost as if he thought he was doing us some sort of favor for letting us in earlier. Yeah. Right. I'm disappointed in you ME. Get some staff that doesn't roll around in the same flannel shirt and girl jeans for weeks at a time.
This place is great.  Not only is the food healthy and delicious, but the service is spectacular.  Samir is a friendly man who genuinely loves his customers.  When you don't go to Samir's he has no one to talk to.  And Samir doesn't like that.  

This is, truly, a family-owned restaurant.  If Samir isn't working, it's rare, but you will be attended to by one of his sons or his lovely wife.  They don't just want you to eat good food, and appreciate the flavors of Lebanon, they want you to have a good day.  Don't believe me?  Just strike up a conversation with one of them and see for yourself.

Everything is so cheap it's a wonder Samir can send his kids to college.  But, if you have more than 10 bucks, make sure to try the lamb shank.  The meat falls off the bone.  Mix it with some of the rice, and if you're mouth isn't watering...
Great spot.  Can be a lil crowded, but the falafel and hummus were fantastic.
Boom boom boom! Sh'zam! Words that describe how fast things work at the Mediterranean Cafe. When my buddy first told me about the place, the conversation went like this:

Him: Watch this, you'll get your food in 30 secs or less
Me: Cool - I'm down for short waits
Him: Naw man, you literally get it when you order it - you might even get it before you even get your change back
Me: Uhh.. sure.. better be good though
Him: Trust me - it's goooood

So I order the Lamb Kabobs - and sure enough, my buddy was right:
1. I got my order as I was giving my money to the cashier
2. It was gooooooooooooooooooooooooood

So you think - how do they do it so quickly? Sure, they have mountain stacks of their food pre-packaged - but they pre-package it 3-5 minutes before you order it, so you know it's fresh.

Pros: Super fast, and relatively affordable. Tasty and satisfying.

Cons: The parking could be devastating as it shares the lot with a bazillion other businesses. The facility is small, so seating, both in and out, are limited.

Overall: LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! If only I were in the area during lunch more often... *sigh*
not great
Nothin' like falafel. You gotta try this, it's cheap, quick, and yummy! My boyfriend and I can split a chicken one and it's PLENTY of food. We absolutely are drawn in by the smell, and the Baklava is my personal favorite (it's the best I've had in years, but sometimes they run out, so make sure get it if you see it there!). Go on, have some falafel at 2am, you know you want to...
This is probably the best Zankou out of the three locations i have been to. Pasadena best the location in Anaheim and definitely out done the disappointing Montebello location.  the steak kabob have nice chunk of steak in it, with a full two skewer of meat, the chicken are the stable of goodness at Pasadena, both the chicken and the steaks are juicy and full of flavors. I highly recommend the Pasadena Zankou Chicken.....
Chicken Shawerma Awesome!
Beef Kebab...Bomb!
Service...Fast and Delicious!
Ate there two days ago and always tasty!
After walking by a long list of tweens (waiting for a "Justin Bieber" like concert according to my waiter) I was happy to see that there was no line for brunch at Zuzu. 

It was Madonna Brunch (despite the fact that we were listening to non-Madonna songs as well) and both of us indulged in fancy eggs benedict. Meatloaf, poached eggs, bacon, arugala/spinach salad for me and pulled pork, bleu cheese, poached eggs, baguette, and homefries for him. The side of sweet potato latkes was also a win! 

Total damage, $20 a piece. Not the best brunch of my life but high points for creativity on the benedict and an unrushed atmosphere with friendly service.
This place never disappoints... always consistent. 
I have been eating at Zankou for approximately 10 years now. I was introduced to the place during my 1st year @ PCC which is just down the street. I just gave away how old I am, but whatever!
There have been so many other SIMILAR places around, but every time I try them, I just end up comparing them to Zankou! Zankou just tastes better (more flavorful) & no one can duplicate their garlic paste!!! 

The one in Montebello has a nicer decor on the interior, but for some reason isn't as good as the one in Pasadena or Anaheim (probably because it's a newer one). I didn't even see the Montebello one listed on their website. Pasadena will always be my #1 fave though :) 
Although, the Anaheim Zankou has that bakery right next door.... so it's a toss up. 

You don't go to Zankou for the ambiance or a romantic dinner. You just go when you're hungry and craving that garlic butter and some pita bread! I must warn that you will have a slight garlic aftertaste for the next few hours. They also sell those cool yellow Zankou T-shirts which I will proudly wear around.. lol

On the go?...Chicken Tarna Wrap is my recommendation.
I've been living in SoCal for about 3 years now and I have never been to a Zankou Chicken.  I have heard of the place but I didn't know what the hype was all about until a month ago.  

All I can say is this; I love you, Zankou Chicken.  I don't care if you give me garlic breath for days, I will still go out of my way to you and eat all the goodies that you have to offer.
Anyone who knows me well knows that I am obsessed with Pita Kabob Grill (or as PKG to the super fans). Although the meat can be dry sometimes, the chicken shawarma (with hummus mixed in!) always hits the spot.

Inexpensive, (relatively) friendly guys at the counter, and lots of yummy choices... PKG is amazing. 

Oh, there's limited seating though -- so if you go -- for instance, after a football game -- you'll probably be waiting out the door with no place to sit, so expect to take-out. You can always call ahead your orders too (as I have done many times).
The lamb biryani is excellent.  I also enjoy the lentil soup and hummus.  This is a small restaurant but everything is fresh and cooked well.
this place is TERRIBLE... you know what's more annoying that a grimy restaurant? a grimy restaurant that serves crappy food and has crappy service. 

i went here after seeing a show at the middle east and we sat down and only wanted some snacks.  we had the grape leaves, i had the honey cake and we had a couple of drinks. 

the waitress (think a lady stuck in the 80's but still thinks she's hot shit) was rude, tried to push more drinks and food on us and tried to push this stupid chocolate cake that no one wanted.

listen, if we wanted more food we would have ordered more... 

but the thing that makes me give this place 1 star is what she did with the tab. 

we got our bill and i looked at it. my gf said we just saw a show and was wondering if we got 20% off our bill due to going to a show in the middle east (i don't know how common this is, but i've heard it from 5-6 others and my gf has gotten the discount in past visits).

the waitress says she's not sure and takes the ticket and the bill back. a couple minutes later she returns and tells us we do get the discount.. great, yeah, food wasn't great (the girls liked the honey cake and grape leaves, i thought they were pedestrian) but at least it wasn't too expensive... well i guessed wrong.. she gave us 20% off the bill, but she tacked on an 18% gratuity... i was so annoyed i didn't even bother with it.  i usually tip 20% on small bills anyways so it's her loss, but to slap an 18% tip on my bill because i had a coupon? that's just BOGUS.

i will NEVER, EVER return to this establishment for food again. 

did i mention the tables were uncomfortable and the booths so poorly built you can feel when the person on the other side (meaning complete other table) shifts their weight?
As if Zankou needs anymore reviews....

I define Zankou's as fast food that makes you feel good. The chicken is always delicous and moist, the pitas are warm, the hummus is THE BEST I've ever had, the garlic sauce adds a ton of flavor, and the pickled veggies and tomato is awesome. 

In fact, the 1/4 chicken meal is so good that I can never bring myself to order something different. I did try a couple of their falafels and those are great as well. 

Word to the wise: Don't park in their lot. When it gets packed, it'll be hard to move your car. I suggest parking in front of Zankou on Colorado or on the side street next to the used book store. There's usually always parking there.
was craving for some mediterranean food the other day so yelped for a good restaurant near the neighborhood and found this one !

There's plenty of parking in the area and they are normally 2 hr free parking. Some spaces are 20 min while others are 2 hrs so please look at the sign and space carefully before you park to avoid any towing/ticketing.

This place is quiet small, only seats about 20 people max. 
I ordered BEEF KABOB PLATE and FALAFAL WRAP  with a side of the GREEN PARSLEY SALAD(forgot the medierranean name for it) 

the BEEF KABOB plate comes with 2 kabob with a small side of salad, greek/mediterranean yogurt sauce, hot sauce, two pita bread, hummus, and rice. The Kabob is tender and juicy. It was cooked about right. The rice is so delicious. There's just something so different about their rice!! they added this small thin looking noodle inside to make it extra flavorful.  This is a MUST GET ITEM. The yogurt sauce is great but I wish they would give us more on the side. Hummus and salad were very typical but pairs well with the rest of the plate. 

FALAFAL wrap is very typical as well. I didn't think it was made any different from any other mediterranean place i have been to. It was only 3.75 so couldn't ask for more right? 

the SIDE OF PARSLEY salad was so refreshing and delicious on a sunny day! they added LEMON, GARLIC, TOMATO, and mediterrean spice to make this perfect. This goes so well with the rest of the dish and I really wish I can learn how to make it. 

Overall I would give it a 3.5 STAR. the service was great and the wait time was no more than 10 min on a weekend day! better than Zankou chicken if you been to the pasadena location.
I had a schwarma wrap (chicken) and it was okay.   The first few bites were really good and the giant bits of garlic were fantastic (I wouldn't eat this on a first date though), but, bread and butter pickles?  What?   And where was the mint and spices?   

Still they had lots of other options I didn't try and the kabobs looked delicious.

The guys here were super friendly and they seemed efficient and the Middle Eastern music was a nice touch.   

It's a very casual joint, though.  Take out and a few small tables for eating in, and, as such, you'd expect them to be faster.  We waited over 10 minutes for a wrap and a meat pie.  Understandable, for kabobs that haven't been cooked yet, but these just needed a quick toasting.   I tend to think maybe the machines are old, because the guys behind the counter didn't seem to be slacking.

Anyway, definitely worth a try.  Just don't expect to get in and out.
Yes...it's hard to go against so many positive reviews...but then, everyone is coming at things from a different perspective.

First off - I grew up with a huge Lebanese and Israeli community around me, plus I've been to the Middle East, and spent considerable time in Iraqi, Persian, and Turkish restaurants around the world. So I've eaten some pretty good falafel, shawarma, shish taouk, koobideh, and am familiar with the multitude of modified spellings offered for these items.

Bella does a few things well but not enough.

1. Their chicken IS too salty. And dry. But there is a decent flavor so people like it. I suspect also that MSG is added to their food and/or sauce. Just a thought but go in and tell them that you have a life and death allergy and see what they say.

In effect, what this chicken should be is juicy and tender. But if you have never had proper Middle Eastern food, or you live in LA where its harder or more uncomfortable to find - this could be the spot for you.

2. Lamb - similar to above.

3. Veggie bar - aside from the fact that you're not supposed to visit this bar more than once (which is impossible and ridiculous) - it's probably the best thing about the restaurant.

But it's the experience of eating here or getting food to go that leaves a lot to be desired.

I have never been to a spot that serves Pitas where they won't give you a tinfoil to wrap it in. (although the pics show different). Instead, you get a flimsy piece of paper, and napkins that evaporate as you try to use them. Invariably, food goes all over the place. In addition, because they cut the Pita in two, if you try and fill it up with veggies, it becomes close to impossible to take "to go". 

Essentially, its a MESS. And of course...NO PLATES. Uh uh. So whether you spent 10 bucks or 30, you still need to eat this dinner like you just walked out of Planet of the Apes. Then there is the filthy floor, filthy chairs and filthy counter with droppings of everyone else's food that if you're lucky, you can find glued to your elbow, or shoes, or hand.

Then there is the great open window with the super bright florescent light over your head so people walking by can watch the food falling all over you and laugh as they head to Fat Sals for a healthy Pastrami, Cheese and Chicken Finger sandwich.

Look...this place is an experience. And for College kids that are used to food falling all over themselves, it may be the right vibe. But for anyone wanting better quality mid east food, that is served in a way that makes it edible...this is not the spot. 

As to service...the guys remind me of Armand Assante - kind of abrupt and disinterested. Not quite sure how I feel about them yet but I don't imagine I will be back again to find out.

Alternative: Attari Sandwhich Shop - Much F-ing Better!
I went and saw The Rosebuds there the other night in the Middle East downstairs.  There were three bands with fairly long sets but they came on and off stage with short, efficient breaks.  The acoustics were nothing to really write home about.

There's a pretty big floor for dancing (it wasn't terribly crowded the night I went).  Two bars flank this area and there's a little bit of seating on each side.  It's not by any means a stunning space, but it's a does the job.  And tickets are usually quite cheap!

I don't believe the downstairs is handicapped accessible.  Coat check is $2.
Great place very  accommodating people went with a large group got 4 Hookahs, apple, pineapple, peach, and another i cant remember. although quite spendy it was the perfect addition to a great party night in providence. I recommend it to anyone looking for such a place in providence.
There is no reason for anyone to go here as long as Raffi's is in business. You can't even compare their kabob and mast moosir. 

Not to mention, my kabob was served with a long hair on top of it. And it happens, I get that, but I wouldn't have mentioned anything if they had handled it professionally.
The staff were pleasant, the price was good, and the portions were large.  

But other than that, there wasn't much to be said for the food.  We ordered one chicken shawarma plate and one beef shawarma plate.  Both meats were just ok, pretty bland.  The grape leaves were completely flavour-free.  The other sides and salad were ok, but nothing you would search out.
Zankou is delicious as always. I enjoyed the half chicken plate, which was probably a bit much. Their chicken is always well seasoned and cooked, the garlic sauce is amazing!

I gave the Pasadena spot 4 stars because of the spotty service, but I could've just run into an employee having a bad day.
Best Mediterranean Fast Food EVER!! (I've tried Zankou). I'm not kidding. Their plates are large portions. The lamb & beef are not over cooked like most places instead it's tender & juicy. Great place for lunch. I'm here once a week. The garlic sauce, hummus, rice pilaf,  & salad complement the meat perfectly. I'm bummed there are not open later than 7pm during the week & Saturday until 3pm. It's a must Try!!
If I were you, I'd pass on the food truck and opt to go to Greek Lady or Hummus instead. Albeit I've only tried their falafel salad, I was still disappointed at the amount of food and the price. (

Small portions + high price (for a lunch truck) + so-so taste = PASS.
I understand that popular breakfast places mean long waits on the weekend, inattentive service, the kitchen getting half your order wrong, your coffee finally arriving after you've called for the bill, & c.

That's not why the one star.

No, the one star is entirely due to getting boiled carrots in my vegetable omelette.  Even if you're screwing up *which* vegetables I asked for in my omelette, which is expected, who on earth would think that combination palatable?  It's scary to think that even a remotely seasoned cook would make this mistake.  Also, who keeps boiled carrots on hand anyway?
I love the chicken shawerma wrap. It is excellent!!!
Most cash-only restaurant operations survive because some other quality of the food, environment, or service outweighs this inconvenience.  I fail to understand how Habibi Cafe survives as a cash-only operation with the poor quality of its food, limited menu options, over-priced hookahs, improperly serviced hookahs and terrible servers.  Also, a mandatory gratuity on a party of two (2) or more is just silly. 

My recommendation: Go to Gypsy Cafe across the street.
This is my go-to lunch place in Central Square.  

 - Great food in an easy to carry package... check.
 - As fast as Ana's Taqueria (my current high speed benchmark)... check
 - Friendly service... check

My only complaints are: 

 - They seem understaffed for the lunch crowd (late night seems fine)
 - No place to sit after the renovation

Bonus:

 - The servers recognize me and help me learn Spanish phrases (I am trying to learn Spanish as a New Year's Resolution).
Very very friendly service!!

Ordered their falafel sandwich. It was sooo tasty! at first i thought it wasn't going to fill me up but it was actually very filling. if you're trying mediterranean food for the first time than order this. it's really really good.

i've tried falafels before and this is probably my second favorite place. first being a cart in new york lol
Omg it's so expensive here.  Food is hit or miss, but three stars for decent falafel.

First time I came here, I ordered the shawarma.  Pros - you get to pick two sides, which are all pretty good. Cons - the meat is incredibly dry and tough.  It was so dry that I resorted to dipping the meat in my cucumber salad dressing to get a little moisture in there.  Blah, would not order any of the meat dishes here again.

Since then, I've always ordered the falafel plate.  The falafel is pretty good and I like the chips dipped in hummus.  I just think the plates here are overpriced - especially since the falafel is vegetarian.  $10 for a single fast food meal - just seems a bit steep for the quality of ingredients.

I come back because it's the best place to get falafel near campus, but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try this place.
Eh, the food is not too impressive at this place, though it might be a good place to get some tea and do some work - there are ample amounts of space with an upstairs and a downstairs area.

I went with the mint tea and the chicken kabob sandwich - the mint tea was good, but I thought a bit overpriced at $4.25 for a small teapot of it.  The chicken kabob sandwich was very average - the chicken is a bit dry, but the hummus is good.  I wish they had chicken sharwarma here, but they do not.  At $12 for the sandwich, it is VERY expensive for what it is - not a good place if you are looking for value.  I would stay away from the sandwich unless you are really hungry and have no other options.
Algiers is a unique, cute, artsy, hippie-esque joint. It has a very artsy feel to it and the employees all have that artsy, emo-kid vibe. I've had the falaffel sandwich and it's alright... I also have had the meat (can't really remember) and it's decent, not anything to die for. It's definitely a crowd pleaser and a great atmosphere. It's very peaceful and genuine in nature, a different type of coffee shop.
Great tip, there's a small outdoor balcony that seats about 4 tables outside and you should try and snag one in the summer time because it's on the roof and it's beautiful. 
Great place to get coffee, tea and light appetizers to catch up with an old friend.
Amazing food - the koobodeh are great!
Horrible dirty place. Careless people. I asked for chicken and I got beef. I asked no tomato and no tahini, I found both in my sandwich. One day I decided to eat in the store downstairs, I found mice. It is a horrible place very dirty and careless employees.
All the food I had was great, particularly the way they spiced it, from the meat to the vegetables to the rice. (I like to think of both the good parts and the bad parts of everything, but I'm having trouble finding any fault here.)

Its definitely improved in many ways from its previous incarnation as Jack's Mediterranean Grill; there's more seating, the decor is less barren, and they seem to know more what they are doing on the service front. I think the menu is better too; there is no more generic American grilled food, that you can get any number of other places; instead they have a wider selection of Middle-eastern food.

The decor does still seems to be a work in progress; they have some random abstract sheet metal art on the wall, along with Arabic wall hangings, and one-piece plastic molded seating that looks like it was transplanted from a fast food chain. Barely detracts though, considering the food.
I've been eating here since it was still a falafel truck on Bigelow Boulevard.  Top-notch Middle Eastern/Mediterranean entrees.  The "Best Falafel in Pittsburgh" sign is not hyperbole (the falafel is perfectly spiced and fried a lovely golden-brown, and comes stuffed in a pita with sumac, pickle, tahini sauce, and an astonishing chopped salad with lemon in it), but don't let the glory of the falafel dissuade you from trying the gyros, the shwarma, or anything else.  The hummus is also very good -- lots of tahini (which I love), and drizzled with olive oil and homemade chopped pickled hot peppers.  Definitely a tasty treat anytime.

Opening the restaurant and getting out of the back of the truck has let the menu expand, and now there are some entrees that it wouldn't be practical to cook and serve in a truck.  I particularly love the moussaka.

Assuming you haven't already gorged yourself on hummus, falafel, and other delicious foods, you should also get a piece of baklava for the road.

Leena's also has a sort of inspiring backstory.  The owner has had a lot of struggles in his life -- after coming to America, he was hit by a drunken driver and horribly injured years ago, his young daughter lost a hand in a terrible kitchen accident, and the city harassed the Oakland food trucks and basically drove them all out of business for a long time.  But the owner did not give up.  He opened his restaurant after his truck was driven out of business, and he is always so happy and optimistic despite all the obstacles fate has put in his path.  I would not have known about all the terrible things he's surmounted, but the Pitt newspaper ran a story about it when the restaurant opened up a couple years ago.  Leena's Food is a great restaurant, but it also is a physical embodiment of the American Dream, and the owner is one of the quiet heroes you find every day in Pittsburgh.
Every person in Westwood seems to be enamored with this place, which isn't a good thing on a Sunday afternoon when they have ONE PERSON working both the cash register and preparing all the orders.  WTF????  You'd think a place this busy around lunch time would be better prepared.  

The long line in front of me crept forward and then the real waiting began while the ONE PERSON cooked all the orders.  

The pricing of the menu didn't seem to make much sense and I got a side order of falafel with hummus.  It was okay and for about $3, but wasn't a good deal by any means, just 3 pieces of falafel in a paper bag with a ketchup cup for the hummus.  The tiny place was so packed there was nowhere to wait let alone eat the damn thing so I took it to In and Out and got a double double and ate both there.  Mmmm In and Out...
Annoying Arabic music+ disturbing red lights+nasty food and coffee=Habibi Cafe

I don't even feel like elaborating. Just do yourself a favor and go across the street to Gypsy Cafe.

And they don't have starbuzz tobacco.
Ordered the falafel plate (the place, after all, is named Falafel King), and was smitten! So much food. Such good food. 

My poop the following morning was stinky though. I think it was the hummus. TMI?
Sharon is absolutely right. I just tried out aceitunas with my coworkers and we are hooked forever. No more food court by the marriot. The shwarma was just like what I lived off in Spain. The only thing this place is missing is Morroccan carrot salad.
I've been here twice and both times have been amazing. Pita Pita restaurant serves authentic Middle Eastern food that's delicious, fresh and affordable. They're located on Colorado Blvd. (between Lake Ave. & Mentor St.) in Pasadena. Parking validation is available on Mentor Street. For a small place, seating is very spacious, clean and casual. 

My favorites dishes are the rotisserie half chicken and lamb kabobs plates which were both tender and succulent. I ordered the chicken with 2 sides (grilled vegetables and Greek salad) for $9. The smokiness from the grilled vegetables (bell peppers, egg plant and zucchini) were delicious and flavorful. Lamb kabobs plates comes with a salad, rice, beans and pita bread ($9.50). Good portions and fantastic. Both dishes served with complimentary pita bread and pita chips. Also, try their salsa and garlic sauce which are perfect condiment on chicken and meats. For plate dishes, make sure to stay with their preselected sides. Any substitution is $1 charge.

This place is definitely better then Mediterranean Cafe. More choices, better selection and bigger portions at a affordable price. I'll definitely be back.
good hearty breakfast.  everytime.  'nuff said.
When I lived in Pasadena, this was one of my favorite places to get takeout.  They have lots of vegetarian options.  The beans are wonderful eaten over the rice.  I also enjoy the vegetable stew on the rice.  Their falafel are probably my favorite.  I recommend it!
Fantastic gyros. One of the best in the area.
Kind of a different place for where it's situated. You have the lunch atmosphere is pretty typical, then it get's quite a bit nicer during dinner time. Still not 'fancy' by any means, but respectable.
Although it's called Casablanca, it's really more of a mix of levantine food and Indian food, which is a pretty great combination. 
The kebabs and various sandwhiches are all great, and the dinner-fare is also on the same level - the curries are the best I've had in town, surprisingly. The fries are, as many other reviews mention, pretty great, and the naan and sauces and chutneys that come with meals are always good.
The prices are a little steep, especially at dinner, but it follows the sort of atmosphere it's going for.
I've always had really great service here - free food thrown in once or twice, attentive waiter, and quick food. Definitely one of the better choices on that strip on Green street.
I have now been to Sheesh three times, and the restaurant has consistently been excellent in all respects.

The vegetarian combo for 2 is fantastic; and the lamb shawarma sandwich is sublime.  The hot tea is wonderful.  The salads are beautiful, fresh, and bounteous, with a wonderful dressing.  Their baklava is made by Shatila, one of the highest rated bakers in Dearborn.  I agree with other reviewers that the bread is not my favorite genre, but I give them big props for delivering it fresh and hot out of the oven.  It's growing on me.  And the "salsa" (not sure what to call it) that they bring with the bread is beautiful.

In fact, everything at Sheesh is super fresh and super high quality.

We recently ate at a very highly regarded Middle Eastern restaurant in Dearborn - in fact, the one that gets the highest ratings on Yelp.  We think that Sheesh is actually quite a bit better!

Hooray for really great Middle Eastern food in Ann Arbor!
FRIENDLY, FRESH and CHEAP!

I usually get their chicken wowshi which is kind of like a calzone, but with fresh ingredients inside...and not as greasy and heavy? OK, maybe not like a calzone at all, but it's a pita sandwich that is covered and baked...

You can put whatever you want inside (chicken, beans, beef, lamb, cheese, etc.) and then once they bake it and cut it in half, you can stuff it with fresh ingredients (tomato, lettuce, olives, etc.) and then dump some sauce on it. It's nice because they have a bar with all the fresh stuff and sauces so you can customize your pita or wowshi however you like.

Best part is...the food is very reasonably priced and the owner/employees are super friendly and nice. I find myself always sticking around for long conversations when I'm there. I believe the owner is/was a professor at UCLA.  Smart guy...great idea....great business!
I was in love with this place at first.  The platters are huge, and with the grilled chicken platter with rice, cabbage, and eggplant, I felt like I was eating healthy.  The hummus is great.

Three major downfalls:
1) Price.  $13 is just too much for a meal served on a plastic plate.
2) It's slow.  You wait there for 20 minutes at minimum.  I'm impatient, but this seems excessive.
3) Gastro-intenstinal issues.  It's not pleasant, but this place causes me some serious gastric issues post-meal.  Do NOT bring a date here if you're gonna hang out after.
Staff is very friendly. Service is quick and food is delicious. Not a fan of pickles in my falafel sandwiches but other than that I love this place
We like the food here- especially the wood fired Lavash - made to order and served with yogurt dipping sauce ( or is it sour cream with fresh dill ?) This sauce is also a delicious and necessary accompaniment to many of the entrees. The only complaint I have is that most everything is over-salted.
Since writing the above, I had the grilled chicken curry and asked for NO added salt. It was superb!! The lavash is the main attraction for me - I would be happy just to eat that. It used to come with the meal, but alas, now they have to charge for it. Understandable, since the price of flour went way up. I think that they raised prices in general, but it is still pretty reasonable.  The Baklava is not good - soggy. Would that they had their liquor license. Beer would go well with the spicey food. A word about service which was critisized above. We had no problem recently, infact, it was downright quick! The food is cooked to order and that is a good thing!
If you don't mind using your hands, Zankou chicken's half plate is perfect! I love stuffing the pita with savory pieces of chicken and some crispy delectable chicken skin! Yum! Their chicken is memorable, the garlic spread is divine, and the service is amusing (the server practically bellows out your number when your food is ready). This is not fine dining, this is for serious delicious chicken eating.
The pina colada was delightfully refreshing. The killer was the lamb sausage plate with (what must have been freshly ground) hummus. Perfect. The waitresses were very friendly and helpful in plate description, keeping the pita basket and my glass of water full.
Downside? Price. The delicious plate was about 17 dollars. (The sandwich option is about 7 dollars cheaper!)
18% auto-grat on a party of four? Yea, no thanks. Especially when your server uses her guaranteed gratuity as an excuse to not do shit.
One of the best places to get a quick cheap lunch in central square.  The sandwiches are good, reasonably priced, and as long as you dont show up during the lunch rush, you'll be in and out in no time...unless of course you eat your sandwich there.  Plus, you can't beat the old White Tower building.
Best Falafel in Philadelphia - take with a little hot sauce and baba ghannouj, and you're about to eat one of the best sandwiches every crafted by human fingers. 

Sami, the truck owner (Rami is his son's name), is one of the sweetest, wisest, and most optimistic men you'll ever meet, and the smile on his face as he hands you your sandwich clears up even the worst of days (and Philadelphia has seen its fair share of them).

Bottom line: You'll regret passing up this opportunity.
I only stopped in for a snack, so I cant comment on the nightlife. Food was decent, although not as good as its reputation. Their use of sumac was refreshing and authentic tasting. Pricing was a little high considering the quality and quantity. I'll definitely be looking further afield for middle eastern food in providence. 

In general this seems like much more of a nightlife kind of place based on the ambiance and menu. I would consider going back for a hookah.
Loved it when the original owner was still alive and well - however, since the son has taken over, there have been not one... not two, but over three separate accounts of food poisoning I and several of my friends encountered from this place's food.

It broke my heart because it was about the only Persian restaurant in the area I was living near at the time... so I hated to admit that "okay, the place's food is crappy." My mom, who's Iranian, said the food must've been bad and they still used it.

*lifts hands* Hey, don't kill the messenger. I'm just telling you my experience from 2005-2006. Who knows? Might've changed since I've been there... but from my last experiences, you couldn't get me to eat there unless you paid me $100 bucks to compensate for missing work on account of getting my stomach pumped.

Their ice cream is good - and the people there are very personable. Just be wary of the food, particarly the gourmeh sabzi.
the food was really good here....we really enjoyed ourselves...try the steak pita its really good.....my first time there but not my last thats for sure....!!!
The Rice Village has two or three places to eat (ha!), and the Istanbul Grill ranks as one of the most-distinctive.  I've eaten there for probably seven years, and almost always, I've had their Meze Tabaga; (Mixed Meze), a selection of various appetizers, which, combined with their wonderful homemade pide bread, makes for an excellent and filling meal by itself.  

In fact, this dish is so good, the only time I've ordered something different was their Turkish pizza, which was not that sensational compared with the Mixed Meze.

But appetizer samplers and bread are merely to justify the real reason why I go there.  Some years back, after not eating there for about three months, I had a helping of their rice pudding.  I must have been in just the right mood or something because when the stuff hit my tongue, I began crying because it was so good.

Jeff
Seriously overrated.  Most of the ladies who work the cash registers look like they want to kill you and don't appear to be very happy working there.

Used to be one of my favorite restaurants (I've eaten at 4 of their locations) but their quality has gone downhill.  

Don't order the chicken tarna - all you'll get is a mound of very questionably grey gristle, skin, and other greasy chicken parts.

Mediterranean Cafe is MUCH better (yes the guy who owns it is a jerk but you have to admit it's the best Mediterranean food every).
I got the sampler plate, and it was very tasty. 

It's convenient and the food is good. I'd choose this restaurant over many in the Harvard Square area
Zankou's has the juiciest and tastiest chicken around.  The hummus is to die for and the pickle/tomato combination add the "just right" flavor complement.

Food is well priced.
OH MAN. I can't believe I didn't eat at this place until last week since i've been trolling Westwood all my life. 

For $10 you can get a pita, drink, and a side. I recommend the lamb. Everything is made on the spot and burning hot when you get it! After picking up your delicious pita, you can cram whatever toppings you want into it. Believe me, the toppings are incredibly fresh. I don't feel as guilty for eating here as I do at other places in Westwood. 

The only downer is there are 3 seats facing the window with signs obstructing the street view. There's nothing to look at, so get it to go.
This place makes really good gyros and  homus.  The place is open till 1am so it's a good place to come to if your feeling hungry and are nearby. I've only tried the lamb gyros and homus but im sure that everything else this place has to offer is tasty as well.
Far be it from me to argue with all the sweater-over-an-untucked-shirt wearing, pseudo-beard rocking, glasses-they-don't-really-need using, x-game watching, "app" utilizing, Ahmadinejad enabling, kayaking ecotourist, self-absorbed, overly pierced and tattooed, hyper tweeting, overprivileged, moral relativist 20 something (or soon to be) Columbia students who regularly rip this place - BUT:

Amir's falafel balls are PERFECT and consistent!  They are MUCH better than the vastly overrated and too dry Mamoun's (NYU crowd) and Sido's (located nearby).  Seriously, I've never had falafel so perfectly done - crispy/moist on the outside and flavorful/tender inside.  Great flavor and a great bargain.  I love their Shawarma sandwich too.  Service is competent and efficient - never gruff.

Still, no love for Amir's from the career protesters who make up Lion Nation.  I'm perplexed.  Perplexed, but not ill-equipped to accurately critique authentic and tasty Middle Eastern/Lebanese food.  

I HAVE SPOKEN!!
Middle East downstairs is a great place for a show. The venue is not to big and the bar is great. 

The restaurant food is also pretty good and its a great place to get a cocktail and listen to great music.
This place has a very reasonable price and extremely fast service. You get your order right away. The food is very delicious, but this place has really weird business hours.
I too have been coming here for years, but mostly the one at 3rd street promenade...The key to eating well and getting your value here is the varitey of different salads they have here.  Today I ordered a combination of beef/chicken and was given the selection of three of about 15 different salad options.  I tend to stick with what i enjoy there which is greek salad (cucumbers & tomatoes) and the eggplant dips (one with yogurt).  Throw in some leafy green lettuce, a whole pita and those fried chips and the free tahini dressing and you are off to a tasty healthy and relatively inexpensive lunch less than $9  I tend to judge "value" of places based on the variety of options and complexity to make a dish.  If its something simple and i can make at home, I tend not to order it.  But there is no way i could make spit fire meat like they do nor could i make the sophisticated egglplant dips like they do.  So for those reasons alone, this is a great value.
Let me make one thing clear: I love me some East Side Pockets. I crave the falafel wrap on the regular, and wouldn't know what to do without their tzatziki. Unfortunately, after a mildly unpleasant string of sub-par food items and a slew of nasty parking tickets due to their being absolutely no parking within a 100-mile radius of the joint, I must (much to my chagrin) remove a star. 

It's not convenient nor is it as magnificent as it once was. Add to all of that the lack of bathrooms, and I cannot deem ESP worth of five stars. If take-out were more convenient, it would be an issue, but when one DOES take-out, the falafel gets soggy and you more often than not wind up with a parking ticket or parking a mile away. Either way, not good. Still damn tasty, though.
Very good- the shwarma is my favorite. the hummus is also quite delicious though :D
Tried it twice. Falafel balls seem to sit around for a while before they go into your sandwich. Bread is dry and papery. I'd been hoping for good falafel in my 'hood. This isn't it.
I've been frequenting this place for almost 10 years, ever since my junior year of high school. When I was in college, it would be the one place I'd want to go to when I'd come back home for a visit. Nowadays I stop by on my way home from work since they close early! Make sure you get there before 7!!
I absolutely love this place! The Father-Son team are such nice people and the food is ready to go as soon as you order it! 
I used to get the Chicken Kebab plate but nowadays I go for the Chicken Shawarma plate which is also incredibly delicious. Oh and the garlic butter... the rice is delicious too and I love mixing the hummus that's on the side into it. I know that's weird but it's really good that way. Their wraps are great too. Their Baba Ghanouj is the best I've ever had and I also love their Tabouli. My mouth is watering just thinking about their food...
Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get and the deliciousness.
It's definitely worth a try if you like Mediterranean food and maybe if you don't it can help change your mind...
High school. Smoking in public in a restaurant  - clouds of smoke, wafting and swirling into the heights of the ceiling. Dim lighting, coffee, rainy Saturday afternoons. Pouring rain. For hours on end did we sit at the Algiers. Books were read, essays proofed. I haven't been here since then but not much has changed aside from the smoking.  The coffee was excellent - double espresso latte. Thick luscious foam with deep rich espresso. Café Americano. There's a reason it's still around. The menu seems to be the same although we didn't try any food today, just coffee. Friendly waitress  - give it some time, if you're in a rush, head to starbucks. Bring a book here and just sit. Good people watching.
Last night we were looking for a place that would deliver some delicious Greek food.  I found Falafel Corner and was excited to find out that they would deliver to us in Porter Square.  I called, and after a 10 minute phone call where I had to repeat the last 4 digits of my phone number 3 times, and enunciate each word I was saying to order my food, I was told it would be 45 minutes.  Sounded good to me!

After an hour and 20 minutes, I called back to see if my order was coming.  The guy on the phone proceeded to ask me what I ordered, item by item, like I had never called in, and asked me questions about what company I ordered the food from.  I was getting a little agitated and he finally yelled at me and told me that the delivery person had left.  15 minutes later, I get a call from the delivery guy.  I go downstairs and he is not there.  Turns out they put the wrong address down when I called in!  I finally get my food 2 hours after I ordered it.

At this point, we were just excited to have food.  We open the bag, and the food looks gross.  The salad had a bunch of veggies, which was great, but they were on a small bed of shredded lettuce.  The chicken kebab wrap was small and very mediocre.

I was very unimpressed with the food, and the service, well, couldn't have gotten any worse.  I definitely would not recommend this place or ever go near it again!  Experience with a restaurant involves good food and service, neither of which were positive experiences here!  Terrible.
I wouldn't not go here for some coffee.

The food is a little expensive.
I had the hot orange min chocolate and my partner had the mint coffee. We split a baklava. Both drinks came with the requisite copious amounts of whipped cream. The combo of orange and chocolate works...and the combo of mint and chocolate. So orange, mint, and chocolate? Amazing! Wish the baklava was bigger give it's price tag. A little cramped but great atmosphere. Loved all the stylized arabic calligraphy.

Cons- mens room felt unclean. But the mustache drawn on the mirror makes up for it. Sorta.
Always outstanding...good service, good food. One of the best hummus we've ever had.
Fine food, great service, wonderful atmosphere, but bit pricy.

The service and the atmosphere is amazing. Nice and quite, and so much seating. There is some outdoor seating where you can look down at the people strolling over Brattle St, and the interior is so nice on the second floor.

The combo salad plate was delicious. I definetely reccomend it because you get hummus, tabioli, fafalel, lentils&rice, and something with eggplant, with LOTS of pita bread. You get EVERYTHING. The lentil&rice was wonderful. 
The rest was delicious too but for hummus and tabioli, I prefer Andala coffee @ central Sq. I mean, Algiers was delicious too, but Andala's hummus and tabioli was exceptional for me. Of course it may be just my preference.

I also thought the price a bit on the expensive side, cause at Andala's the combo is $8, here it is $16. OK, I have to admit maybe the problem is that I love Andala too much.

Still, Algiers is very close to Harvard Sq, the atmosphere is exceptional, lots of room to sit, so I will be coming back!

I see the coffee and pastries and sweets are praised highly here, so I hope to try those next time!
I went here last night with a couple of friends of mine. The decor is very fancy for being so close to the Quad. The service was great... the owner was there to explain the dishes to us and help out in picking a variety of dishes. My water was being refilled after only a sip or two, which isn't really a good or bad thing. They have that same yellow rice as Bombay. They don't give much rice with the curries so I think a higher quality brown rice would be more appropriate for the prices. Overall I though it was just okay, and very much like Bombay (same owner). I had the impression that it was very middle eastern but I found no falafel, hummus, or tabouleh to eat. The menu is centered around kebabs and indian food.

I tried a variety of dishes including both curries and kebabs. I had the Lamb Makhani which was fantastic. The sauce was delicious and the lamb was cooked just right. The portion size was ideal but at about $14, it could have been cheaper. I can probably go to Bombay and get the exact same thing for a couple dollars less. The other curry that I tried was the Chicken Vendaloo. This is in the same spice family as the Makhani and is also tomato based. It had potatoes and more of a kick to it though. The chicken was tender and overall the dish was enjoyable.  I tasted two kebabs. The beef one I had, unfortunately, was tough and overcooked. The char on it from the tandoor made it quite pleasing to my taste buds. There was also a ground chicken kebab on the table which was rather dry and not very flavorful. The naan was delicious and one order kept 4 of us happy.

I'm not itching to go back, but I would go in the future to maybe try something more middle eastern, and possibly get a dessert.
khaak tu saret! i really hate this place. such a ripoff.
this place is good. its worth the money (which is not all that much). easy location...what more could you want!?
Taza 21 is a terrific place -- by far the best Middle Eastern food I have had in Pittsburgh. The soups and drinks were fantastic, as were the sandwiches -- and the owners are the sweetest. Highly recommended!
Hummus here is a great snack and you get a lot of it. The difference between this place and everything else is the french fries (yummy by themselves) but put into the chicken shwarma. Its a great place to go if you are walking around during arts fair, late night snack, or just want food in general. Its about the same prices are J garden.
Lamb Shawarma is good,  the hummus was good too and so was the Falafel. The location is little tough, right next to a bus stop....???  But good food and good service over all, much better than that Samir place, this is another good place to eat when you are in the University District.
pretty good prices for the area

i got a gyro...nothing memorable

my friend really likes baklava and she found a bristle in it from the basting brush they use.  haha the manager was really nice and offered to comp us a dessert even though it wasn't a real hair.

i've heard that the lamb kabobs are good
Depending on where you are in The Middle East (upstairs, downstairs, zuzu) you have a totally different experience.  Upstairs might be the epicenter of Cambridge, with the owner holding court in the back corner booth.  Make friends with him and he'll hook you up with hershey kisses and is generally a great guy, so adorb.  Zuzu has a great vibe, especially during their soul nights, but it's pretty difficult to get a drink.

Went to Downstairs on Saturday night for a concert, and, I've never used this expression before but it's too fitting, the bartender was slow as molasses.  Literally, snail's pace.  Slothlike.  Took maybe 25 minutes to get two beers.  Not cool!  A girl needs to get her drink on!  Also, the women's bathroom had only one working stall, disaster.  

So, mixed review but generally good :)
went there for the first time for lunch today. The weekday lunch crowd is pretty big but the service is fast and friendly so they seem to turn tables over pretty quickly. 

My table split an order of Hummus and I had the small order of cabbage leaves (ground lamb). The meal was fine, light and fresh tasting. I was surprised how inexpensive it was...less than $5. Would totally go back for another lunch run since I work in the area.
4 stars for its taste given its affordability.

omgies this place rocks. to think i found this place the month before i officially move out of westwood :(. good thing they have a sister restaurant right near the place i moved to.

the place is damn good and easy on my wallet. it's healthy, quick, and tastes bomb. 

wowshis make me go wow. (ha ha i'm so clever and original)

the owners were soo nice too, they asked me if i found everything to my liking and if i had any problems. i almost felt guilty when i was stuffing the shit out of my wowshi. 

this is the best kept secret in westwood!!
decent, falafel were a little hard
I don't know much about Mediterranean cuisine, nor do I often eat it around my area. But wow, am I glad I finally have a place to settle my hummus fix. This place seems to be one of the more popular Mediterranean restaurants, and it's not hard to see why. 

I ordered the chicken shawarma plate, which came with chicken, rice, hummus, pita bread and greek salad. The plate also includes a small garlic sauce and hot sauce. For around $8, this is a pretty generous portion, with more than enough food to satisfy you. One of the reasons why I wasn't too entirely fond of Mediterranean food was because every time I've eaten meat from a Mediterranean restaurant, it's always been pretty dry and bland. 

Unfortunately, this place didn't stray far from my premonition. While the chicken was flavorful, it was rather dry and stringy. My only saving grace was from smothering the chicken with the garlic sauce, making it more tolerable. 

Now with all the negatives aside, let's get to the good part. BEST. HUMMUS. EVER. I love hummus, but this place takes the cake for fresh, homemade goodness. The warm pita bread went wonderfully with the light, creamy, savory hummus, which was topped with a generous sprinkle of olive oil. The fluffy rice was also delicious, with bits and pieces of noodles mixed in. 

I heard this place gets insanely packed and the place is actually pretty small. Since it can't always accomodate that many patrons, I would suggest phoning in and picking up your order. Believe me, the food is well worth the drive!
Overall: forgettable. 

Atmosphere: Dilapidated ad-hoc banality. Not really a big deal since most places along the drag aren't exactly 'refined'. 

Service: Somewhere in-between the food nazi and an uppity foreign exchange student. No smiles, no pleasantries, just an accented business transaction. 

Food: The hummus is standard - a few cucumbers and veggies top the beige paste. However, if you're not a fan of standing olive oil, then you probably won't like it. The chicken shawarma wrap was too much wrap and not enough stuffing. Furthermore, it was slightly smaller than I would like for the price (about the size of a hot dog in a bun).
I love the shawerma and tarna plates with extra garlic sauce! That said, I do have some issues with this place that keep me from giving it a 5. While prices are more than reasonable the quality can be hit or miss. If you go during a busy lunch or dinner time the chicken will be moist and tender. Come during a slower time and you risk it being next to a charcoal consistency. 
That lack of consistency is also obvious in their customer service. Which is kind of a joke because there really isn't any. The ladies who take your orders at the cash stands run from just totally indifferent to downright rude. There never seems to be a manager on hand, or anyone who acts like one anyway. I'm read about some of the family drama around zankou and I think they have suffered as a result of a lack of strong, consistent leadership. 
I've been to both the west LA and Pasadena locations many times, so maybe other locations are differently managed?
Also, both locations suffer a total lack of available parking lot space. That's not too big of an issue in Pasadena, but the west la location is the worst!
Even with the issues, it's the best shawerma I've ever eaten (when not charcoal, of course).
This place has the potential to be a fantastic addition to the neighborhood--food is good, staff is very friendly. However, they do have some issues with speed of service right now. The place is set up such that you have the impression that you can get take-out quickly, but this was not the case the first time I went in. They were a bit overwhelmed with the number of orders, so it took a long time to get my food (even though nothing had to be cooked to fill my order). I think they are working the kinks out now, so I definitely expect they will get things together soon.

As for the food, the menu is your classic Middle Eastern fare--falafel, hummus, grape leaves, tabouli, baba ghannouj, chicken and beef shawarma, kabobs, baklava. They also offer up chicken fingers and fries, which seem a bit out of place.

I got the lentil soup and the veggie combo plate. Soup had lots of ingredients, but wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. I also had to heat it up when I got home (and I live ~500 feet from this place), so that was a bit disappointing. The veggie combo plate came with salad, hummus, tabouli, a stuffed grape leaf, and a piece of falafel, topped off with some tahini. All of this was quite delicious, particularly the falafel, which is the best I've had in the city. Falafel pieces are a bit small, though. The price was right, too--wraps and veggie plates all under $6, meaty plates under $8.

I hope this place gets it's act together with service, because I would like to see it stay around. I'll be back to check in with them again and will hopefully be bumping my review up a star!
Wow.   I went there because of a munchonme coupon - had passed this place many times.   It's fantastic!  I had the organic kebab with tzatziki - excellent!   There are many toppings to add to your falafel.   While waiting, I  tried the cinnamon sugar pitas - yum!  Had to buy a bag on the way out.
Thanks munchonme for leading me to this place,  I will definitely return (and you should check it out)!
As I was walking past Cedars on the Ave, I had a craving for some gyros. I happened to notice the audacious sign at Samir's Mediterranean Grill so I decided to go against my better judgement and try out the restaurant that had the audacity to open up right across the street from my beloved Cedars.

I am instantly greeted by Samir who is the nicest restaurant owner I've met in a long time. He took my order, cooked my food and I came to find out that he and his brother used to own Cedars before selling it about 4 years ago. So I guess I don't feel so bad anymore.

Anyways, I ordered the gyro which, among the other sandwich choices here, is one of the few things you can get to eat for under $4 these days. The pita bread was a little thinner than I have come to expect with a gyro and I could have used a bit more meat. I had some lentil soup which tasted like....lentil soup. Pretty standard fare but I can't complain for the price.

I also sample the marinated chicken sandwich which was pretty good as well.

Samir makes you feel at home and for the prices, I will definitely be a repeat customer.
This place is faster than any drive-thru, yummier than any Zankou, and will give you 2 kabobs with meat that fills the entire length of the skewer.

After reading some reviews I will go for the beef kabob but up until now I have stuck with chicken, it's normally a safer bet. 

The tiny bit they give of the Greek salad, hummus, and garlic sauce has left me wanting more although the rice, pita, and meat don't allow for much more in my tummy.

Med Cafe is bomb, there is no other word.
East Side never disappoints. Always fresh and delicious
A great place to grab a bite and a nice cold Efes beer.  The location is good, service is great and waiters are always around if you need them. The atmosphere is cozy inside and very relaxzing outside. The whole place is casual and the crowd is very diverse, so you won't feel out of place. Their selection is good but their variety of dishes is not too great. Most plates imitate each other with meat as the only difference. The taste of food is really good and they know how to make a great turkish coffee and tea. I also suggest you try their yogurt and lebni.
Ugh - really? I mean, Really? This is what all the hype is about? Cuz I'm not coming back here, combo vs. whole chicken or not. I just don't think any restaurant should be allowed to serve up the dried pieces of protein I had to eat. And those beet pickles were Naaasty. I stopped by after a visit to Incycle and was sadly disappointed. Perhaps my expectations were too high, I dunno, I just don't think I'll bother trying this place again.
A hidden gem on Walnut street.

Open 24-hours, seven-days-a-week, Makkah has a great, small-town vibe, always full of friendly people catching-up, greeting each other, in a positive mood.

The prepared food smells delicious, and the aroma hits your nose as you walk in the door.  Everything here is fresh, from scratch, and inexpensive.

Be sure to pick up a bag of fresh Medjool dates -- at 25 cents each, and each as big as your thumb (and a few larger), the sweet, deep, meaty fruits are a must-have.

A great neighborhood resource, and a vital gathering center for the community.
CLOSED. Fa-la-la was so great!  Their delicious pita made me happy and their gluten-free options satisfied my friends. I will miss them!
This place is super sketchy. They were trying to get us to sign some hooka membership agreement with a ton of contact information right when we were about to start smoking. I don't like that kind of dishonest service. If you wanted us to sign a hooka membership agreement because it's part of the law or whatever you should have told us when we first entered the restaurant.

Hooka was pretty good though.

Food was bull shit. This was obviously stupid on my part, but we ordered the continental platter (onion rings, mozzarella sticks, and chicken strips). IMMEDIATELY after we ordered I thought to myself, "Shit...It's probably gonna be some frozen food bull shit." Low and behold it was lol. Again, partially my fault, but don't be charging $15+ for that bull shit.
Another great place for lunch in the Lake Avenue, Pasadena area. Quick service makes up for the long lines. The chicken and hummus combinations come in good sized portions and for a good price.
I'd give this place a 3 at best, except that I specifically avoid this restaurant after a bad experience. The food is pretty bland, and every time I ever ate here (which happened frequently, because I really won't eat at Blue Nile) it made me wish that the Lafayette area had a decent Mediterranean food restaurant.  The entrees are pretty bland, really the best part is the soup and salad that comes with the meals. 

One time, the food was extra sub par. And by that I mean I really could not eat it. It had a bad aftertaste and did not seem fresh. I told the owner quietly as to not disturb the other patrons that I could not eat this dish.  She basically told me that it was my fault and that I must not be hungry.  Really? Why would I come to your restaurant, which by the way I frequented quite often, if I was not in the mood for some food? Eventually she said that if I wanted I could order from the menu (at my expense). Oh, well, thanks...

When we left she still wanted to charge me for my plate even though it had not been touched more than everyone at the table trying it and agreeing that it was not good. I paid for half of it and never came back. Sucks for them because not only did it cost them my patronage but every time I go out in groups and someone suggests Olive House I immediately veto it.
My first impression was that this restaurant was dark and noisy, and the tables wobbled, so you have to be careful where you sit.

Definitely horrible food - and I like Persian food.  Portions were average. The meat was advertised as filet mignon, and I am sure it was just a strip of tough flank beef - oversalted and hardly edible.  The chicken rolls were oversalted and tasted more like hamburger meat, and the rice was dry and tasteless.

Furthermore, they did not even have change, so you must use a credit card to pay. Prices were higher than they should be fore the quality that they serve.  

For me, this place is a definite thumbs down.

_________________________________________________

It's not just me by the way. I definitely agree with Arash A.'s review.
He is Persian and he wrote the review below.
_________________________________________________

I am Persian and live in Pasadena so at the beginning I was excited when I found this place, but after being there couple of times I definitely don't recommend it.
The service is awful, almost the worst that I have ever experienced.
The food are expensive for what you get there.
The quality of food is OK but nothing comparable to what you can get in West Los Angles Persian restaurant. if you live close to this place and fancy having some middle eastern food, then I recommend the ones in Glendale, definitely not Heidar Baba.
I LOVE this place.
it is so fast,juicy,fresh. 
I ordered, the cashier hollered, i finished paying, the food was already in front of me.
I only tried the chicken shawarma and the kabob plates. i really like their hot and garlic sauce on my chicken and rice. and the salad is really fresh and nom too
Love the food! We have eaten here 2 times before seeing a gig at The Middle East Downstairs and always love the middle eastern food we get.
Great ambience for a date or just hanging with some friends. Definitely somewhere I will take people to eat when they visit Boston.
I've had felafel all over the world and honestly, this ranks right up there. It was very well seasoned, not mushy, crispy on the outside. It was a bit dense but NBD. I got the plate, so it came over a salad with just enough dressing. Service from Samir was quick and friendly.
My Favorite Hummus in town....Also like the Thai Noodle Wrap - tell them easy on the heat though...very hot.
Move over Zankou Chicken lovers, this place rocks.  My friends swear by Zankou Chicken because of their super large portions (they're large guys) and they love how they get a bagful of pita bread to stuff up on the carbs there.  But what not knocking them across the head is that the food is nowhere comparable to Mediterranean Cafe.

I've been going there now for what...5 years?  Beef & Chicken Kabob are so tasty and juicy.  Dip it in the included hot sauce and garlic sauce and you've got some kick in it.  Woah.  Comes with a greek salad, a side of hummus and pita bread and rice pilaf.  Everything tastes so damn good.  I like my plate clean every time and want more.  

Best of all, it's cheap, quick, and I *think* healthy?
We stopped in here on a Friday night after dinner for some hookah and were seated immediately. The environment is everything you expect from a hookah bar - cozy, pillow benches, great music, and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. We spent $18 on our hookah, which is about what I've paid elsewhere. I will definitely stop back here next time I'm in Providence.
Both times I've been here the food has been awesome. Getting seated is a little awkward, especially if you with a few people, or if there are other people waiting for a table as well. I felt weird hovering behind someone sitting trying to enjoy their meal, but this place is so tiny that it's hard to not be in the way. Last time I went next door to that funky shop and looked around until our table was ready, but today it was storming outside and so I had to awkwardly stand in the way for about 10 minutes. 

There seems to be only one waitress here, but I must say she does an excellent job serving every table alone. We ordered the Baba Ghanoug for appetizers and were very impressed. It was very similar to what it tastes like in the Middle East (area, not the restaurant across the street..). I had the tuna melt which comes with homefries. The homefries are NOT fried, and are actually boiled with other veggies. Very yummy. 
Although you may smell like restaurant when you leave, this place is DEFINITELY worth checking out. 

The damage? 20 bucks for two people including tip. Good stuff!
Ive gone here about 4-5 times in the last few years or so and have enjoyed it everytime I went.  Like the other reviewers have mentioned the ownership has changed a few times and the interior is just kind of odd, but from what I ordered I always have liked the food and felt it was consistent for the most part.  Ive always tried the beef and chicken koobideh and it is best to go during the lunch special as the beef koobideh is 7 bucks and you can add chicken for like 2 bucks, which i feel is fair.  I liked the dolma, the hummus and the pita bread for the appetizers as well
Cheap, yet oh-so-tasteless.  Save your $2 and go somewhere else.  I had the falafel, and it was cold and tasted like nothing, or burnt.  Yuck.  I also had the tabbouleh, and it was weird - it was more cucumber and tomato bits than actual tabbouleh, along with a shitload of parsely.  Cheap-oh.  I might try a meatsome kebob, but after that tanks like I expect it to, I will never venture here again.  Plus, the counter people were DICKS. (Aug. 26 2008.)  This place is clearly for poor college students with no money and even less taste.  

Aside rant: I have to say, I fucking hate how less than mediocre restaurants survive in big places, where there are enough people with money or bad taste to frequent them, even though the food tastes like SHIT.  Fuck you college students.  Ugh.
Maybe I see something no one else does but I like this place. I have been here several times, never before 2AM. It's perfect place to chill out after a night of drinking. It's open until at least 4AM, at which point I'm dober enough to drive! ;) The owner, host(ess), and waiters have always been really friendly. I normally ask to sit outside as I like to people watch while smoking my apple hookah and munching on pita sipping my mint tea. 

They do usually jam up the Arabic music, which just adds to the ambiance in my mind. I'm not a fan of the belly dancers, only b/c I have a friend from Lebanon who explained to me about how it's supposed to be an art and not what "we" Americans usually see at bars and cafes. (check out maqam.com for more).  As for the hookah itself, I've had better (where they use wood and not charcoal) but when you're wasted it's all good! ;)
Love this place! Clean place and friendly smiley owners. The shwarama was great! The Knefeh which was light and not too sweet so it was a perfect desert! I also ordered the liquid yogurt and it was the perfect combination of sour and salt. I can't believe I have always passed by and never gone in until now. I never noticed the place before.

I am happy I finally found a good shwarma place in cambridge!
Come here if youre looking for a good solid meal that isn't greasy and disgusting. Much better than some of the other falafel places in Berkeley. And cheap too!
Didn't really care for it -- inattentive service and the gyro was swimming in sauce. Very small menu. Beirut is just down the street...
Hands down the best falafel in Rhode Island. It's also reasonably priced as far as Providence is concerned, it's a must stop after work at least once a week. And like everyone else is saying, the hot sauce is kind of phenomenal. Don't forget that.
WOW this place is mouth watering!! Tender, juicy, lean chicken breast kabob, fresh yummy hummus, and excellent everything else.  I love the free chips they give you and the open salsa bar.  I'll be coming back soon :)
My big (see below comment :D) and I came here for dinner tonight! Very cute and no ambiance in a cute sort of diner way. The serving was a lot! We got the chicken wowshi (per yelpers' recommendations) and like kristine said, half would have been just enough if you have a smaller appetite. The open bar was excellent and the hot sauce was amazing! My only wish would be for the chicken to be seasoned a bit more... without the white sauce and hot sauces the wowshi would have been pretty bland (but maybe that's how mediterranean food is supposed to be?). Definitely a great alternative to heavier cheap college places in westwood (Gushi, In N Out, etc).
I don't know what happened to Zankou in Pasadena, but it has gone to hell in a handbasket recently. We had two chickens lately, totally undercooked, and very greasy.The chicken ha lost the flavor, the crispiness, and the texture it used to have. Literally, there is no succelence to the food now. The service was so bad today, I actually got passd over for three guys with exactly the same order.I had to ask wgere my order was, totally embarrassing. They are totally crashing and burning.
The complete package.  The Middle East has everything, from 4 venues to belly dancing to food.  The sound upstairs is less than stellar, but I've still seen some fantastic shows up there (Final Fantasy!) and very few that were destroyed by poor audio quality (Caribou....still disappointed).  
As for the downstairs, well, it is probably the ideal place to see live music in Boston- provided the music isn't meant for a quiet, contemplative room.  I've seen all types of shows here, from all ages Death From Above 1979 (wow) to Arrested Development (hell yes) to Okkervil River (fantastic) to Immortal Technique (who I actually opened for...had to get a little pub in there, didn't I?).  

Bottom Line:  The Middle East is an essential part of the Boston metropolitan area.
I don't really get it. I think it was average. Some salt on my food would have been tasty. The chicken slices in the chicken Gyro are these long thin slices. It just makes me think it's processed chicken instead of plain old chicken meat, and  I hate processed chicken.
Zankou makes me think of In-N-Out - one of the best chains around that serves up great fast food, only this is Middle Eastern. Zankou is famous for their chicken, which is the best dish they serve, but the other menu items are also delicious. The chicken is really well-seasoned with lots of garlic and the skin has this great crispy bite to it that's just right. The garlic sauce is excellent and they are really generous in giving you pita bread - a whole bag in fact. I'm not crazy about the falafel here but I like the shawerma wraps.

This location is a huge pain to access because it has an extremely inconvenient parking lot layout. If you don't park on the street out front, you have to go to Holliston (where McDonald's is) and turn into a narrow 2-lane road toward the parking lot. The only way in is the only way out, and there's about 8 angled (meaning the lot itself is narrow) spaces. You have to pull out backwards all the way into the road and then turn your car around to leave, which is a real hassle when there are other cars waiting to park (and further exacerbated if they are rude and impatient).
The food has always been mediocre at Moody's -- not great, but not bad. I'd give the food itself 2.7 stars. The main reason I often returned to Moody's was because they were open past midnight and because they were pretty cheap. Basically, it was either Moody's or 7-11.

I used to get the chicken shwarma, lamb shwarma, or kafta kebab sandwiches (tried a foul sandwich once, when I was in a veggie mood, but the foul was indeed foul). The lamb was usually fatty/gristly/sinewy -- pretty gross having to spit stuff out a lot -- so I preferred the chicken (which was often dry/overcooked) or the kafta (made to order). And the sandwiches were way too "americanized" for me -- other than tahini, they came only w/lettuce, tomato, and supermarket pickles on them. Moody's never offered cumin-marinated onions, garlic paste, etc.

I stopped going to Moody's entirely last year because of too many bad experiences with service. Enough is enough. Too many of the guys who work there late at night are surly assholes, too distracted by their loud music and friends to provide decent service, and so I'd rather spend my money supporting other Central Square food places. For example, if you want similarly cheap, mediocre food in Central Square but with GOOD service, visit Mass Chicken, which is 1 block away. It's worth noting that Moody's USED to have some really nice, courteous employees -- Sami comes to mind, and so does Danny -- but a bunch of them left, and some started working at the (MUCH better quality) Falafel Corner in Harvard Square when it opened about a year ago.

Two bad (but typical) Moody's service experiences come to mind. The one and only time I called in an order, to avoid waiting in line, guess what happened when I showed up 30 minutes later (they had said "15 minutes," but I knew better than to trust that time frame)? They said, "Oh, yeah, we didn't make it yet, we're pretty busy."

The second bad experience that comes to mind was the occasion that led me to not come back. I went there one night and ordered my 2 sandwiches (you need 2 to fill you up because they don't have much meat on them, so I'd get 1 lamb and 1 chicken). I asked for "just a tiny bit of hot sauce, just a little," like I always do (because their hot sauce is super hot). A few minutes later, I'm watching the guy make what I think is my sandwich, and he puts a TON of hot sauce on it -- I'm talking SPOONFULS. I say, "Is that mine you're making?" He says, "Yeah." I say (very politely), "Oh, well, I had asked for it with just a little hot sauce, and that's way too hot for me." He says, with considerable attitude, "Well, just try it anyway" and handed me the sandwich when he was done making it. [He re-made it without comment after I did try it, handed it back to him, and said, "Yeah, it's too hot".]

I don't know who owns Moody's, but it seems like the owner spent little or no time on-site late at night.

Again, if I were rating Moody's on food alone, I'd give it a higher rating -- 2.7 stars -- but the service is the dealbreaker.
I have to agree that it's better to order a bunch of the a la carte items than the platters.  I had the vegetarian special here.  It came exactly how the menu described it: rice with pine nuts, hummus and baba ghanooj.  But I was still taken aback by the beige-ness of the plate--when I think "vegetarian," I think green.  (I don't know.  Am I crazy?)  Maybe a tiny bit of salad on the plate?  The plate is less expensive than the meat platters that come with salad--but I'd think that the meat, not lettuce, accounts for the price difference.  But, to be fair, the menu description didn't promise a salad.  

The baba ghanooj was the best thing on the vegetarian platter.  The hummus and rice weren't bad, but next time I'll just order the baba ghanooj a la carte and some other small dishes.  I prefer Aladdin's for its larger variety of vegetarian dishes, though.

The water glasses here are really, really small.  I came here on a warm day and my friend and I were really thirsty, so we kept draining our glasses.  Our waitress was pretty good about refilling them--but I couldn't help but think it'd be a lot easier on her if the place had bigger glasses.   Less waste, more eco-friendly, maybe?
Middle Eastern fare that attracts a big RPI crowd. The gyros are great and the lavish bread with yogurt sauce is excellent.  A little pricey to be honest.
If you love falafel, you must get the falafel wrap at Mediterranean cafe.  The other food is great as well, but I'm just obsessed with their falafel.  They make it fresh each day and you can tell when you take a bite.  I try to make it out every Saturday, since with their hours, it's hard to make it to their dinner.  I tried to go this Saturday, but it looks they're on vacation until the end of July.  I will be salivating for their falafel until then.
I miss this place so much. Bella pita is probably one of my favorite place to eat in Westwood. It's convenient, fast, delicious and not to mention cheap! They make your food right when you order it so it's always fresh! I usually get washi since you can pretty much make two meals out of one. All of them are good! Remember to ask for a container for extra sauce to bring with you for later!
Good food, but kind of slow, small, and all around not a great atmosphere.
The falafel, hummus and tabooley here are legit! 

The falafel is crunchy and not over fried. The hummus is rich and smooth.  The tabooley is flavorful, fresh, and full. I like the dolma because the grape leaves weren't too sour or bitter. I wish the fries were more crisp and they didn't serve their pita bread cold though.

I came on a open mic night, which is set aside in a separate room. The furniture is old but well-kept, and they have lots of fun board games if you want to chill and hang out here. This place is a great addition to the campus area, and I wish this place was around when I will still in school.
5 stars for fast service. Temporarily working across the street. Someone recommended the place for lunch. We called in an order and told us it'll be ready now. Granted we only got 2 wraps that's still pretty fast. It probably took us longer waiting for the light to turn green to cross the street than for them to make our food. 

What about the wraps? They were delicious! Perfect size. I like the sauce it comes with too. I've tried the chicken kebab & shwarma (sp), I preferred the second only cuz I like my meat shredded. Everything is made to order so it's not like there's leftovers sitting there.

I think it's about $5 -$6 for the wraps. It's not ridiculously expensive.

I get why this place is so busy. I'll miss it when I get sent back to my other location.
The food was really good.  I ordered the pita sandwich with gyro meat.  The sandwich pretty much exploded after I bit into it.  It was really stuffed.  One of the problem with this place is that there's no way to get into the restaurant if you're in a wheelchair (like myself.)  So I had to eat outside.  However, the staff there is very accommodating.  They gave me my food and threw away my trash for me.
Ya know, I have been here once, and I was with my ex-girlfriend and her 1yr old son. I mean, it's not the Ritz, it's not anything particularly special. I got a burger with some home fries, and you know what, the burger was kind of pre-fab, but the home fries were quite good, they mixed in grilled vegies, and the large portion left me full for the rest of the day. Like I said, nothing fancy, but the whole tab for the entire lunch for the two of us, tip included was $20, and that was with an excessive tip. All in all a very cozy experience. The waitress couldn't have been nicer, and she couldn't have been better with kids, she had a whole bunch of tricks up her sleeve to keep a 1yr old amused. If only they had a liquor license for the people like me who need that beer for breakfast to take the edge off.
I've only ever tried two dishes here:
The black bean wowshi and the fried cauliflower.

Let me put it this way: Bella Pita and Stan's Donuts were the only two things that made living in Westwood worth it.

Getting off work late at night, I'd head over. I would brave hoards of raving frat boys and gaggles of giggling sorority girls, all screaming drunk, all the while nursing aching feet. And by the time I was holding that pocket of warm black bean-y goodness in my hands, it was all worth it.

Stuffed with tomatoes and hummus and spicy sauce and tatziki, it's enough to make a girl go mad.
Top it off with fried cauliflower, lightly seasoned, and you've got yourself a fantastic meal for just about $5.

Love, love, LOVE.
I don't know what these other reviewers are complaining about. I love this place! The food has always been delicious and reasonably priced. When it's nice out you can eat in the backyard, where they have tables and umbrellas. No problems with the cashiers either. I've also been to the hookah lounge upstairs, and while it is pricey the waitresses were always attentive and pretty easy to flag down for new coals. Plus I love the ambience and music. Just make sure to get there earlier if you have a big party coming, seats go quickly!
The night club is sometimes fun, sometimes not, but I do love zuzu for dinner. I almost always get the vegetarian pupu platter (which they will happily make vegan). The pupu platter comes with pita and all the fixins, dolmas, hummus, baba ganoush, and other cool stuff like plantains. My favorite is the whipped garlic! Oh my god, I don't know how the do it. So good! 

I love to go on warm nights, sit out side, share the pupu platter with friends, and enjoy a cocktail.
There was certainly a different cook on my 2nd experience to Falafel on Broadway and there was a cut and dry decline in the quality of the food.  The kibbe was a sad excuse for a classic Syrian dish, a very thick shell that was undercooked.  It was actually the absolute worst kibbe I have ever had.  Overall, everything actually wasn't bad other than the kibbe and the charred kefta kebab in my wife's sandwich, however it just wasn't nearly as good as my first trip.  I would probably give it another try based on the strength of my first experience.
This was the sketchiest place I've been to in a while. 

1. We asked for waters to start, they brought us 6 bottled waters instead and would not take them back.  
2. Our bill somehow racked up to 98.92 and we were only there for hookah, not dinner.  The check was also written in arabic and had no line item explanations.  
3. They ONLY take cash (what the hell...) and their ATM has a $5.00 service fee. 
4. The waiter took over an hour to bring us new coals until the entire hookah was out and we hardly got to smoke it.  
5. They illegally serve alcohol after 2am, which could be cool but just adds to the sketchiness.  
6. ON TOP OF EVERYTHING, the owner (a 55+ year old man) explicitly hit on my friends and I who are all only 20 despite how uncomfortable we obviously were. 
7. the toilet was covered in urine and feces smudges. 
Overally, HORRIBLE experience and we will never be returning.
I've been wanting to try this place for a looong time. I ordered and the food appeared before I could even take a seat. Now, I was a little hesitant to eat magically appearing food, but WOW. This place is so good. The chicken pita wrap is simple but magically delicious!  The greek salad is also super tasty. 5 stars for a 5 star party of flavors in my mouth!
WOWZA that WOWSHI was delicious!
(just kidding...)
But in all seriousness the wowshi was definitely good. I had heard good things about this place for the past three years at UCLA and never tried it until today.
If you're looking for a place to sit down and catch up with friends bella pita probably isn't the place to go, as there are only two chairs there and the place is tiny. However, if you are looking for a decently priced place to pick up some food before hitting the books I'd definitely recommend Bella Pita (you can call them ahead of time to order it too, to minimize waiting time when you pick it up).
I was a little confused as to what was the difference between a pita and a wowshi, so my friend and I ordered one of each. I ordered the steak wowshi while she opted for the steak pita. Even after ordering them I'm still unsure what the difference really is... From what I can tell the steak wowshi is just a steak pita.. except they put it in the oven after they placed the pita in it and cut the whole thing in half. 
I'd recommend getting the wowshi because they have a condiments bar with fresh veggies that you can place in your order. Because the wowshi is cut in half, you have two halves of pita you can stuff goodies into, which means two openings of the pita you can overfill as opposed to one (:
I'm pretty upset that I hadn't tried this place until now, so I will definitely come back to bella pita again! I want to try this new wowshi they had (something about beef and cheese, not too sure) or the falafel pita! So excited (:
It was 930 on a cold Friday night.  My baby and I wanted to go out, but we are so sick of the bars, so we were wondering what we could do.  We decided to go grab tea/coffee somewhere and decided to go to Algiers Coffee House in Cambridge.  

The place was very cute and cozy.  It was also very cramped.  I couldn't help but feel a tad bit annoyed, when a customer or a waitress would walk by and hit our table, causing our beverages to slightly spill.  

I ended up ordering the Algiers mint coffee.  I like strong coffee and their coffee definitely had a kick to it.  The coffee is served unsweetened w/wo whipped cream on top.  Very yummy.  My bf ordered the Algiers mint tea, which was "very refreshing".  I wanted to try one of their desserts, so I ordered the strawberry crepes.  I must warn you, the crepes are not made w/ fresh strawberries.  I think that they fill it with strawberry preserves.  Toooo sweet.  

I'd like to come back and try the food.  Some of the plates that were being served to other tables, looked very interesting.  

Overall, the place was very chillaxin.  I would come back for some more coffee, tea, or to try the food one day.
It's hard to write one review of this place because it's really like 2 restaurants and 2 rock clubs all linked together like LEGOS. 

That said, I do really like the Middle East. I've always found the Bar and Security Staff to be pleasant and professional if not downright friendly. The shows that play there are often the shows I want to see whether I know it or not yet going in there. Sure it can be a little difficult to see the stages at times but honestly, I'm OK with that (the Suicide Girls show is an exception, tiddiez are seriouz bizniss!). If I wanted to sit down at a rock show with thousands of other fans and pay $9 for beer/wine (only) I'd go to the Orpheum or a stadium show. But I don't so the Middle East and venues like it are the way to go in my book.
Apparently one of the only hookah options in Westwood. 

There is a Rolls parked out front - owned by the sleezy owner of the place - and sectioned off by cones. Pretentious and faux high-class. 

The guy acted like he knew my friend (he doesn't) and was fairly creepy.

The hookah didn't last as long as it should have, but was pretty tasty while it lasted. There is a minimum charge and ended up being ridiculously expensive for 4 people in the end ($50 for one round of Hookah and 4 bottles of water).

Meh.
Hands-down best falafel and lentil soup I've ever had.  I've probably tried every vegan item on the menu, and they're all delicious.  My husband (meat eater) doesn't even bother with the the meat side of the menu here, because the veg options are just that good.  If we dine in, it's typically under $20 (including tip) for the two of us.  If we order carryout, it usually runs closer to $40, because we just can't help to order a bigger variety, and then have it around the house for the next few days.
Best cheap eats in Cambridge. Really good falafel, great shawarma. The baba ganouj is the best in Boston (love the pomegranate they add for a special touch). Haven't been there in a year (I moved away from Cambridge), but even then you could get a baba wrap for $2.99, which is a great deal.

P.S. It's spelled "falafal" on the sign.
we had take-out from here. got the beef/chicken kabobs. really filling and really good! the service is also really good. (they let us order when they were about to close at 9pm!)
decent. 

i had the chicken shwarma which was pretty good. my bf had the garlic chicken which had better flavor. we put the tahini looking sauce on it as well as this red oily looking sauce (both that they have next to the drink machine) which made it taste better. 

be careful for the plastic cups. dont push too hard with the lids, the cups will collapse on you! hahah
Had a great meal here! Stuffed grape leaves and to die for hummus to start, then chicken kebab and grilled salmon for dinner and some of the best baklava i've ever had for dessert.

Will definitely be coming back soon!
Jerusalem Garden is a pretty good place to grab a dinner.

I'm pretty picky about my Middle Eastern, so I usually order the same thing, just to test the waters, you know. It was here that I tried something new.

My stand-by meal consists of a healthy helping of humus, and either a shawarma dinner or a chicken shawarma pita. 

My first visit I went with the dinner, and the pita on my return visit. (Did I just give away the ending to the movie? Yes I came back!) The rice was great and a huge portion, and the lamb was great. I don't care what anyone says; hummus is an art. If it doesn't have the pool in the oil and a sprinkle of nuts, then it's probably only going to be so-so. JG does great hummus, and so they got a lot of points in my book on that alone.

I tried grape leaves here, and they were awesome. It's JG's fault that I'm now a grape leaf eater, and I've yet to find a place that does them as well. They weren't pixi-stick sized; they were thick and flavorful.

I haven't been to too many other places in Ann Arbor that do Middle Eastern, but I can't complain that JG was my first experience within Ann Arbor.
I love coming to East Side Pockets. They have the best falafel's in town. The falafel is accompanied by two sauces, hummus and a cucumber sauce, which is delicious. I would also suggest, a gyro pocket, only if you like lamb. So grab a six piece falafel, a gyro pocket along with a beverage and sit outside and enjoy the weather and the sights. I would give East Side Pockets 2 thumbs up and will return every chance I get.
As I approached the counter to place my (first ever) order at Falafel Palace a customer flew in the door, hustled right up behind me, and scootched herself between me and the guy behind the counter. He immediately looked confused. The girl held out a half eaten falafel: "Ummm, I think there's blood in this." 
*record screeches to a halt* 
"What?" 
"Well I was eating this and then there was all this red stuff and it's all over my hands and I think it's blood." 
"No, not possible, it's tomato."
"No, it's blood."
"I don't think so!" 
Then he takes it from her, brings it to the back, and returns. 
"It's not blood, I can make you a new one though. Free of charge."
"I just want my money back, ok?"
He retrieves her money, hands it over, and she leaves. Without skipping a beat the guy looks and me and says "Falafel sandwich. With or without blood?" It was hilarious. I know Yelp readers, I should have left. But I had never been and I had been hearing how wonderful it was and I was looking right at the girl's wrap and I swear I didn't see any blood. Hell, I didn't see anything red at all. So I rationed that after that mine was probably the cleanest, most sanitary falafel ever made. So I stayed. And plus, I really wanted falafel (I had just come from the gym and shopping, c'mon now!).

Anyways, it was delicious. First, after they make the wrap, the press it in a grill press. The pita gets all hot and crunchy, OMG yum. The falafel was yummy, not too fried, delicious texture. The tahini was perfect, super creamy but really light. And the best part? Pickles. Pickles!! Genius idea. The flavor combo is enhanced exponentially when pickles are added to the party. Also, no blood!

Side perks: Dirt cheap and open until 3AM.
Potential cons: Service is sloooow and I've had comparable (if not better) falafel at my favorite work lunch stop, Derne Street Deli on Beacon Hill
East Side Pockets is one of my favorite places to get a fresh, healthy, and filling meal for dirt cheap. The line usually stretches to the door, especially when the college kids are in town, but it moves quickly and service is efficient (but still friendly). I usually order the falafel pocket or a chicken/falafel combo if I'm really famished and I've never been disappointed. The portions are HUGE and I'm never able to finish my pocket in one sitting. Because it's such a popular spot, the veggies and sauces are always extremely fresh and the falafel is piping hot. 

I also like that they keep the restaurant spotless. Whenever there's a lull in the line, the staff is busy wiping down the work area and refreshing their supplies. They really seem to take pride in their operation--and they should! I try to leave a cash tip in the jar and in return they usually throw in a couple of pieces of baklava on the house. It can get really crowded, so keep in mind there's the option to call in your order a few minutes before so it's ready by the time you arrive to pick it up. Definitely one of my all-time favorite spots for a quick bite on the east side!
Love the atmosphere here for drinks. Small, cozy, funky, cool, with attentive (and really cool!) bartenders and delicious drinks. I was especially taken with the mojito, which was nicely homemade and muddled properly. Fun for a casual drink with friends to start out the night or a date, I'm a fan.
I'll always be grateful to the Middle East for booking so many up close and personal great and awful shows for so little money. When they are SOLD OUT.. they are truly SOLD OUT... get your tickets early like the rest of us losers.. their calendars are constantly available online and outside the place... none of that overcrowding so nobody enjoys the show bullshit. There's really no place like it and it has made me love Cambridge 10 times more. It's also my across the street neighbor that doesn;t think we're freaks when we hang out with the weekend Cambridge cops in the ME Corner back by the bathroom in our Golden Girls costumes... it always has that damn Brooklyn Brown Ale on special..it has belly dancing by the window to entertain from across the street... it has many personalities for us bipolar folks who like to go Upstairs, Downstairs, Middle, ZuZu, Corner, Outside... it's right next to hopping T.T the Bears and HiFi eats...  it has a brunch menu when Brookline Diner is crazy packed.. it stays open for late last call.. and it cards a hell of a lot to keep the kids away... while hosting things like Harry and the Potters shows for the real life kids in all of us also.

Hey but everyone;s human..
so let me just say it here and I'm hoping someone would read it and still love me..
YOUR SALMON BLOWS. Breakfast, lunch or dinner.. it doesn;t fail to make me scream in anger while my mouth dries out like what it just ate...
Also.. your green bottles are 80% of the time skunky. Do your magic and make it disappear!

Thanks... you guys "rock"
This is one of my favorite places!  I want to try everything on their menu, but I love the falafel with everything (all the toppings and sauces totally make this the best falafel ever) so I can't seem to move beyond it.   It's really fresh and you can tell that they take a lot of pride in their food - it really shows.  I can't get enough of it.
Having lived within a few blocks of this "palace" for the last three years I can tell you assuredly that Moody's is capable of being anything from a 2-star yuck to a 5-star gem- depending on who's behind the counter. 

I eat here regularly; at least once a week.

Things to avoid:
-overdoing the hot sauce.  Let's just say it tastes better than it makes you feel.
-forgetting to ask for hummus on any falafel dish.  A dry sandwich is the bane of any man's existence.

Things to enjoy:
-Orangina is a life changing experience
-The prices are fantastic
-There are little tidbits about the history of the building on the wall
-Quality vibes

What are you waiting for?  The next time you stumble out of Zuzu, skip hi-fi and proceed directly to Moody's.
Seriously, this place is ammmmaaaaazing! I was never a fan of roasted chicken, but their chicken is super tender and juicy.  Half a pita and stuff it with rice, hummus, chicken and the garlic sauce and you too will fall in love.  Definitely drool worthy and a must try!
Algiers is *not* your typical coffee shop. If you're looking for a quick cup on the run - go elsewhere! Or if you are time crunched before a film, Algiers is not for you. It's important to get you guys elsewhere so you're not disappointed and so those of us who love Algiers can appreciate all it has to offer.

Algiers is filled with with charm and history....corners and nooks to catch up with an old friend or linger on a long first date you don't want to end...waitresses who give you breathing room so you're never rushed and can stay as long as you like...a coffee/tea selection that reflects their traditions - like delicious pots of Arabic coffee or mint teas...eclectic tables and seating that take you back to a time before sleek minimalism was all that mattered...and a legacy of surviving through all the changes and mall-ification of Harvard Square.

I'm thrilled Algiers has stayed like it's always been instead of becoming more like Starbucks.
Aladdins's was crazy busy on a sunny Saturday a few week ago, but I braved the wait standing awkwardly in the entry. The space has been expanded since I last went in a couple years ago- there is actually seating! 

The two guys working had a rhythm. They asked for orders as people rolled in and they noticed- there was no line. I ordered a chicken shwarma. My meal was tasty and FULL of seasoned chicken. The bread wrap was tender and earned a huge Holy Yum. The veggie topping was heaped on making me happy, and the sauces flavorful. I chowed down on my shwarma during my walk back down to work- picking chicken out as I walked- making the task more manageable. 

I liked my lunch. It was $6 even- though I later realized that the board in Aladdin's quoted a different price and even with tax that didn't add up to $6- hmmm... Also, a couple hours later I was a little uneasy in my stomach- I am going to connect that to my body not being use to the oils and seasonings not the food being bad- I don't want the later to be true. Plus- the gentlemen were easy to look at and I got a smile with my meal to go- I am a little bit of a Aladdin's fan now... though next time I would order something different.
This tiny cafe is GOLDEN. It's dirt cheap, it's ultra fast, parking is a breeze, and it's delicious. My only gripe is that it closes so early. The chicken shawarma (Chawarma, Schawarma, Shawirma, Shwarma, Shuarma, Shawerma, Shoarma, Schwarma, Shoermeh, Siaorma, or Shaorma, damnit) is tender, the rice pilaf is moist and flavorful, the salad is crisp and light, their hummus is toasted nicely, and the garlic spread is... garlic spread is always flawless. the kabobs are good/dry on a hit and miss basis and the falafel is simply average.

it's light yet filling, and there's really nothing much to say. this is a GREAT place to eat, it's great for takeout, it's great for a quick lunch, and it's just all around awesome. garlicy awesome.
I had the avocado falafel and the shish kabob, both of which were delicious. The food is fresh, and the portions are good-sized. The interior is more pleasantly decorated than I would've expected from looking at the outside too.
Cheap and really delicious food with a super friendly staff, what more could you ask for? I guess I do wish they were open at night but it's all part of the charm mannnn.
It was good.  The tomatoes and the marinade were great in my beef and lamp shwarma. (I am not usually a big tomato fan.)  The service was nice, but busy at lunch. The 5-10 minute wait was more like 20. I will go back though, but I would call ahead if it is for take out.  They seem to be really great for dinning in.
I love this place! The chicken was so tasty and every bite was an explosion of good flavor. I ordered the chicken plate with Syrian salad instead of rice. OH SO YUMMY!  Its a little whole in the wall, so don't expect anything fancy, heck with only a handful of seats, you might end up having to take it to go.  But its very affordable and you can ask for extra sauce, so that shouldn't be a problem.
The  best, cheapest food in westwood hands down. I work in Berkeley now and I have to admit that Berkeley actually is a college town with cheap, good food. The only place in Westwood that has good, cheap food is Bella Pita. They have a salad/topping bar that I have not seen in any other mediteranian place. It says you should only use the bar once, but everyone piles on the hummus as many times as they can. I love the fresh tomatoes and veggies to add one top as well! It's open late so it's awesome making a stop at 2-3am when you just want to grub on a wowshi. The wait might be long at late night, but is totally worth it! It's the one food place I miss in Westwood so take advantage of it!
OMG I love the mediterranean cafe. 

The chicken shwarma is to die for!!! You are in an out in less then 2 mins. There's usually a long line during lunch but they move fast. 

If I wasn't on a strict diet, I'd be having dinner there tonight.
Really good place if you are simply looking for good authentic Greek food at great prices.  

The place isn't at all fancy but the food tastes great!  Beware that they run a "cash only" business as they DO NOT accept any credit cards.  

Another thing that's kind of cool is that they have tables in the back and they will bring you your food so that you can order, pay, and just go sit back and relax.  

Parking can be difficult as they're located right on University Way and the area is quite crowded while U-Dub classes are in session.

Overall, I would recommend eating here!
Tried the chicken shwarma and a order of baklava with a medium soda, came down to 11 bucks.. 

The Shwarma was pretty good, not extremely amazing but it was passable. This place had a nice clean "dinning area" as I call it and I have no complaints other than a bum entering and scaring the crap out of me.  

Good spot for some fresh and tasty food.
Habibi Cafe was great! Went there after a party for a late Sunday night. Just as we arrived we were seated on the spot. We had a cozy booth towards the side of the entrance and the pillows made it even more romantic. Tried a Chicken Kebab plate, and the flavors were amazing! We also ordered Mint Tea, and White Grape Hookah. The waiter was attentive, and his suggestions were so good. For all the Hookah lovers out there...try ordering your Hookah with a fresh Apple instead of the tobacco in the regular bowl. This gives any flavor so much more depth. We had a great time there, and any Hookah place CANNOT be complete unless the have Arabic/Middle Eastern, or Persian music playing. The arrangement of music was great! Thanks Habibi Cafe, We hope to be back soon!
Horrible. My friends and I came here for dinner. It was cold inside, and the food was the worst middle eastern food I've ever had. I ate a falafel sandwich and it was bland, even with the tahini. one of my friends opted for the veggie burger, and she couldn't even eat it bc it was so dry. The waitress tried making up for it by giving us a free dessert of baklava, which was nice of her, but we didn't want it, and it was gross anyways. I'll never eat here again.
You get a full 5 stars Mediterranean Cafe in Pasadena! The first time my husband wasn't that impressed but now we've been back maybe 3-4 times since then and he says it just gets better and better. My opinion hasn't changed that the falafel is the best I've had so far. We went for lunch yesterday and I ordered the falafel plate. So much deliciousness. I was a happy happy girl. Service was consistent and fast and the owner and staff were very gracious. Can't wait to visit again.
Hands down the best falafel I've ever had.  I've been trying for five years now to make homemade falafel as tasty as theirs, but I obviously fail at the Mediterranean cooking.  I remember enjoying the chicken shawerma when I was a dirty meat eater, but it's still not as good as a falafel sandwich.  They also have a few different styles of baklava, which is one of my major weaknesses.  

The people that run it are also some of the nicest people in the Village, so please support them so they stay there forever.
First time I went to this place I had a first date with this absolutely beautiful and intelligent but equally crazy Greek girl I fell in love with for a little while. She was such a disappointment that I should hate anything that reminds me of her, but Algiers is just too good to be blamed on.
Let's start with the location... can't get better than that! Just a few steps from Harvard Sq. Station. Next is its architecture. I consider myself no expert North African or Andalusian architecture, but the place does seem to transport you a bit to a cozy house in the Sahara. And then there's mergasa, a lamb sausage pitta sandwich that's absolutely delicious. Of course their minted coffee and  tea are above the bar.
The cost has gone up and the portion look to be reduced.  However, the quality/taste of the food remains the same.  The hummus is terrific with nice oil and spices visible on top.  The chicken is tender and garlicky.  It is all about the dark meat.  The garlic paste is scary...but tastes amazing.  It looks like lard combined with fresh ground garlic but who cares.  It tastes excellent.  This location is in an old building that reminds me of fast food eateries I visited as a child in other states.  Nostalgia is priceless.
If you liked La Shish or like Palm Palace (the successor to the Carpenter Rd. La Shish/Charlie's), you will like Sheesh. Essentially the same menu and food, same gigantic portions. For me, the hummus is the standard by which all other hummus is judged. The owner/managers are very nice, and more than once have offered a free piece of baklava after the meal, which I am always sorry to decline (darn nut allergy).
This review is for the street-level Middle East restaurant, not the bar or music venue.

My friend and I both ordered the falafel sandwich.  CRAMAZING.  Five stars for the falafel sandwich.  It's been awhile since I've had good falafel, and this was GOOD falafel.  Mmmm.  Also it was $5, which I am aaaaaaaaallllllll about.

Minus one star for the blase attitude of the waiter and generally slow service.

Minus one star for the trying-too-hard-to-be-quirky decor (including stacks of baby doll heads on the wall and a framed and illustrated Michel de Montaigne quote that misspelled the word "despair").  Also for the single-stall bathroom, which was dimly lit and somewhat dirty.

So, three stars overall.  But I will totes be back for that falafel sandwich, crabby hipsters or no!
I love the falafel here.  I could eat it everyday.  The baklava "tubes" are my favorite baklava ever.  Lora S. is my baklava buddy.
I have had falafal sandwiches all over the place--New York, San Francisco, Paris--and Saca's is, in my opinion, one of the best.  Very reasonably priced, great food, great service.
This place had closed for the owner's family to go on summer vacation and recently re-opened. I had awaited this with anticipation as I walk by this place nearly every day and envisioned it being a mecca for the Middle East/T.T.'s crowd. I guess a little part of that was also an assumption that it would be.... good?!

Nah. I don't think they have any ice and maybe no a refrigeration system either. My partner and I ordered waters and I also ordered a soda. The soda came in a barely chilled CAN (no cup, no ice, no straw) and the waters were room temperature with no ice either. The food was home-cooked, but not worth paying for. Greasy and burned, dried out. I did like their spicy condiment to go with the homefries. In fact, that was a better meal than the meal. 

Service was great (yes, all two of them, but it was 4pm). They only take cash, which I find a big pain. 

Essentially this experience reminded of eating in the basement in "The Goonies" with those villians with the blender making my dinner and about the same resources.

P.S. Another reviewer mentioned a bathroom, but I couldn't see one!
Best. Falafel. Ever. That is all.
I don't know about the falafels, but the lamb and beef gyros are the best I've had in Seattle, and I've probably been to 20 or more gyro places.  The mean is always tender, they put some great spices on it, lots of tsatsiki, and the pita is fresh.  Go for the jumbo!  And their baba ganoush is always delicious!  Ali makes it himself!
Tom's Tabooley is awesome for white people who don't know what great greek food tastes like.
I have no beef with them but honestly.... meh. The food is alright and I guess it's good considering I haven't had really any mediterranean food since moving here. I think the owners are arab or turkish...? 
Definitely not great if you want traditional greek food but if you can't find any I guess it will do just fine. As for me I will make my own in the future. Baklava, not a fan. Falafel is pretty good. Dolmades, total meh. 
Oh, their french fries are pretty darn good!
This eatery is one of the reasons why I love Central Square. The food is amazing for the price. Yeh, service is a little slow and there's no air conditioning (at least not when I've been there), but why are you rushing through the most important meal of the day? I'm always pleasantly amazed when I get my spinach and feta omelets and it's a delicious work of art!

Fresh veggies in a multitude of colors. This is a hidden gem. You will almost never run into a tourist in this spot. I'm big on supporting Mom and Pop local industry and this is in my top five. 

Saturdays and Sundays are huge brunch days everywhere. If you can get there early, or have off on a weekday, give this place a go. It can get pretty hot in there in the summer; I have memories of peeling my bare skin from their old school booths. **

Two enthusiastic thumbs up.

**{edit: bare skin from wearing shorts... yeh... }
This is not Shwarma King.
The first time I ate here, I think I had the lamb, which was passable.
Maybe.
Tonight I had the beef shwarma, which was a pseudo-middle eastern version of a deli roast beef, with excessively watery tahini.
For which I was charged $2 extra, although there was none in the sandwich. None. 
Cold.
With untoasted pita bread that was falling apart.
And they asked if I wanted fries with that. No, I did not want fries with my "middle eastern" food!
I would have liked some rice or lentils, though.

On a completely unrelated note, they served the Blue Moon with a slice of orange.
WTF?
I've lived in or near Cambridge my whole life and spent many a nigh tin Central Square and I didn't even know this place existed until I went here for an art opening on Saturday. Clearly my ignorance has been my loss! The catered food was exceptional, especially the falafel (spicy dipping sauce was unlike anything I've had before) and the grape leaves. I'll add to my review after I go here for a full meal ASAP.
If we did not have an entertainment coupon, I think I would have missed this restaurant.  I would give this place five stars if it were bigger and had more tables.  It deserves to be because the food is fresh and delicious.  I had the Gyro combo with the hummus.  I am sorry Aladdin, but this place has you beat!  The hummus was fresh and seasoned just right. 

 "Mama" and "Charlie" run the place (they are very sweet and introduced themselves to us).  I was told everything is made fresh.  My husband had soup and a sandwich, which he said was terrific.  Its one of those places that when I get a hankering for Middle Eastern food, this will be among the first places I think about!!
I like Sacas, ok?  I do.  It's good in a pinch.  It's servicable if you're in a hurry.

But the last time I ate there my friend and I walked out, took two steps away from the restaurant, and then she promptly collapsed from falafel-induced gall stones.

So, see, the falafels aren't really good enough to merit collapse and a trip to the ER.  Ima need something better than that.
Hooray for gluten-free options!
The Guy at the front was so happy to see me when I walked in I actually felt bad for being in a rush. He was so kind and walked me through the menu. We decided on the falafel wrap and fries combo -wrapped in lettuce instead of pita. (The falafel contains tiny traces of pita but since I have a gluten sensitivity not celiac disease I went for it.)

Fa-mazingly delicious. Both the fries and the wrap!
I've never eaten here but check out downstairs where indie bands play sets all night long. The only reason I went was to see Lez Zeppelin, the all-girl Led Zep cover band. Amazing. It is your typical floor to ceiling black walls and multicolored stage lights. It gets pretty packed, so you really need to squeeze through or stand on one of their higher platforms. The Middle East is super groovy and worth the cover charge.
So, I've been away from Yelp a long time, and if you see my postings, you'll notice that I generally don't give poor reviews since one visit might not be enough to bash a place. This time is different. Two buddies and I headed out to find late-night dining in Westwood. Jerry's had closed for the night, so as we headed back to the car, we saw this open. 

Looked okay, I love Middle Eastern food, so we all agreed to check it out. Like someone else reviewed, they don't sell liquor, but that is not enough for a bad review. You can find that out when you enter.

I had a bad feeling as soon as I started asking the waiter a few questions. He pulled a full on sales tactic I thought went away in used car lots in the 80's. He started pushing a sample plate and selling the fact that the chef likes to impress and does his best "work" with such platters. I glanced at the menu and this item was $55.00. For that amount, I'd expect a whole lot of food, and since it was past midnight, I had no desire for such a feast. We all settled on individual plates of food, each in the $15 range. I didn't want a drink of any sort, so along with one of my buddies, we just wanted water. 

Homeboy comes out with $3 bottled water. There is no ice, and I would go through at least three of those. If I'm going to pay for water, I'm going to get Pellegrino. This was not a high-class place. I wanted water in a glass with ice. What he brought out was a strange no-name bottle perhaps bottled by his cousin in the back room. I wanted free regular water with ice including about three re-fills.  I just like it that way including chewing on the ice. We sent them back and all ended up with lemonade. 

One friend ordered a falafel plate and the other buddy and I each ordered a beef shawarma plate with hummus and rice. We all quickly found the bottom of our drink and we were offered more. One of us accepted, but I felt strange about the shadiness of it all and declined. 

As for the meal, the hummus was fine, the pita was fine and I would say the rice was okay, but a little cold. The problem was the meat. It tasted chewy and had that re-heated feel to it. It really seemed as if it had been sitting in a tin all day long. It was just unacceptable, but we were starving and ate out meals. 

Then the bill came and it was $70.92. Keep in mind, we each had about the same thing. Two shawarma plates, and a falafel plate. All were in the $15 range. I was so wanting to leave, I didn't look at the bill after they told me what it was. Maybe they stuck a charge for the pita, I don't know. I only saw the total. 

Besides the meals, the lemonades were $3.00 including the one refill. Another $3.00.

Add of course tax and then the unexpected: They added 18% gratuity on the bill. This was a party of 3. Not 30, but 3. That level of service and food, I would have left about 10% going against my usual generous 18%-20%. 

Somehow, our midnight meal came out to $70.92. I certainly don't mind paying for something that is deserving of that price, but money aside, the meals and service was a huge disappointment.

If you want to feel screwed and sold, and you want charges for every little thing, and you don't mind mediocre food, then this is your place. 

Want my opinion? Stay completely clear of this place. There is way too much good food and service in and around LA and the westside. And to think, we were in walking distance of In-N-Out. 

Lastly, I'm a very average guy at 5' 10" and when I sat on those weird-ass couches. The table came up to my chest. both of us on the couch side had to sit on the back cushion to be able to eat. WTF?

Blah... Greed is disgusting. Negative stars for this awful place and I have never said this in a review before, but I hope it goes out of business. Soon!
This is my favorite place to get lunch when I'm in Providence. The food is fresh, fast, spicy and garlic-y. The falafel is deliciously crispy and rolled up in a fresh and chewy Syrian bread wrap loaded with hummus, hot sauce, yogurt sauce, fresh veggies and pickles. mmmm good, messy to eat, but so good. The restaurant is tiny so it's a little cramped with limited seating.  If you are there during peak lunch time, then be prepared to stand up and eat. Located in the heart of Brown University and RISD land, it's a hot spot for great cheap, quick and healthy food for the young college types.
Got the chicken shwarma wrap to-go. It wasn't that good. Its only saving grace was that I was really hungry. As another reviewer pointed out, it didn't even have any discernable middle eastern/mediterranean flavor to it. Not horrible, but not memorable at all. I bought a small tub of hummus as well,  which I hadn't touched, but to be honest, having gone through the shwarma leaves me feeling less than excited. It's gonna have to hold it down in the fridge for now - it just might prove to do well in a late night "munchies" attack.
The Nellie's take out menu says "Homemade Good Tasty Middle Eastern Food" and that says it all. I ordered take out from Nellie's expecting it to be good because one of my co-workers recommended it. All this time I thought that Baba D's was the be all end all for Gyros in Oakland, but they definitely have competition from the lesser known Nellie's.

The feel of this little corner restaurant really is that of a homey, authentic kitchenette. If I had a Greek/Lebanese/MidEastern grandma, this is how I would imagine her food to taste. I am going back many more times to try their dishes, but for now I will recommend the Gyros, the Special of the day (it's Chicken and Beef rice, I forget what it's called), and the baklava was awesome. I had the grape leaves and they were good, not incredible. I will go back to try their Spanikopita, Meat Pie, Spinach Pie, and Falafel, not necessarily in that order. We'll see what my stomach desires each time.

The prices are fair - the combo platters are $8.50, their a la carte dishes are in the $4-6 range. They are only opened Monday through Fridays from 11am to 5pm. They advertise deliveries too, but I don't know the details.

All of us walk by, drive by, and see this place so many times without stopping in. Trust me, it's about time.... that is if you find a parking spot in Oakland. Good luck!
Best falafel I've ever had in my life, and I've been to many places around Boston. Nice, quaint place with very tasty food. Always visit when I'm in Harvard Square.
The Best Falafel and wraps (Serian Style).. in the entire northeast...!!!
Excellent Value...!!!
I haven't been back to this place for a while, but only because it's not very accessible to Orange County. If you try this place once, you will be a fan for life. The flavors are amazing with tons of garlic. This is not the place for those of you with delicate palates. We're talking big, bold flavors. I usually get the tarna wrap which is similar to a gyro in design. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it is pricey, but still worth every bite. I'm not sure when I'll make it back, but I know I'll be a happy man when I do.
Lovely place for an early, on-time or late weekend lunch.  Most things come with a generous helping of home fries (the definition of "home fries" can include squash, carrots, bits of pepper and tomato) and are under $5- you can do the math yourself.  The menu consists mostly of basic comfort food- omlettes, sandwiches, the ubiquitous BLT.  The interior is decorated in someone's Fun and Funky period; examining the decor is a great way to occupy yourself and your friends while waiting for the food.
When I first started working in the area, I ate at Zankou for about six months straight. Then I got sick of it and didn't eat here for a year-and-a-half or so. I've started again! The quarter chicken plate is my favorite. Also the kabob plate. I hate waiting for the kabob, so if you can remember to call in an order for it, it's worth it. Smother on the garlic, too!

I'm saving money these days for a trip, but I still come here in the afternoon to pick up my tabbouleh salad at least. Sooo yummy. The people who work here probably think I'm anorexic because it's the only thing I order these days, but I get it to supplement my homemade lunch or to make me feel better about eating a microwavable lunch. This isn't an expensive restaurant, but even getting the cheap things add up. 

The staff is VERY friendly. And the second register is now allowed to take credit cards (only regulars will know why this is so great). When in doubt, order ahead. It gets busy here, and if you're like me and don't want to watch your lunch vaporize while you read the articles about the restaurant on the wall for the hundredth time, make the damn call.
I was disappointed that I had to ask the clerk to wash his hands after seeing him sweep before coming to take my order. Then I discovered my falafel wrapping was stale and all of the veggie fillings fell out. The sign said the veggies would be cooked on the grill, but they were cold.  I won't go back.
oh fine... even though JG already has a ton of reviews, I figured I should put in my review as well, considering this is one of the few places in ann arbor I actually go to pretty regularly. So here goes...

JG isn't particularly authentic, but everything is very tasty. Just recently I learned that there is more than one kind of falafel in the world, but JG's are the first to get me hooked. They are quite large, crispy on the outside, and flavorful and a little spicy on the inside. I usually get the falafel plate, which comes with a starter and rice, along with 3 falafel(s). It's a lot of food! Chicken shwarma is also very good, or maybe it's just the garlic-yogurt sauce that comes with it... in any case - yum!
I love Jerusalem Garden's falafel.  It has a bit of a bite to it that other falafel lacks, and while people complain that it may not be "authentic" Middle Eastern cuisine, I've never left here unsatisfied.  The falafel is the perfect texture and I love that they offer a falafel and baba sandwich.  

The atmosphere is a little odd, but it certainly doesn't take away from the food.  It is a tiny restaurant and you practically have to climb over people to get in and out of the place during peak times, but that certainly hasn't deterred me from coming back time and time again.

The service has always been good and the people have been very friendly and helpful.
Could go here twice a week...oh wait, I do. I recommend the lamb and the Falafel.
Be in comic store next door
Get dem hunger pangs
See this place
Order 1/2 chicken, a wrap, and a salad
Pretty damn good
Open unlabeled plastic container revealing thick white paste
Put paste on wrap (turns out it's some kinda garlic paste)
Megusta.jpg
Delicious juicy rotiserrie chicken.  I got a small order of their hummus and dipped the chicken pieces in it..... I know that's not the usual way to eat it but it was really good.  The hummus was smooth, tasty, and fresh.  The pita bread here was also pretty good.....served up nice and hot!
Every time I'm in LA, Falafel King is always on the list of places to go.  It's a very unassuming place, where all the food is very flavorful.  

The falafel pita is probably your best bet for a first try, which is perfect for a light lunch.  If you're hungrier, the veggie plate gives you an option of many different types of salad, from probably 12-15 different types.  You get really tasty large potato chips with every meal, which are possibly the best thing they serve here.

The guy behind the counter didn't really know what was going on though, this was exact conversation between my dad and the server. 
     "What's type of salad is that?"
     "Uhhh, green salad"....
It was some type of green onion and chive mix that was very tasty.

The shwarma is tasty as well, but not quite on par with the falafel.  

It's 4 stars because the prices, while reasonable (7-10$), you don't get a huge amount of food.  I would certainly recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new or looking for good falafel.
Update:  Just had the worst falafel of my life!  Managed to be soggy and dry at the same time.  Never again!  Should be either called "Falafel Hovel" or "Crap Palace."  Husband's shwarma was gross as well.  Reminded me of Jim Gaffigan's Lean Pockets joke - "Remove from box, place directly in toilet."  



Incredibly hit or miss.  Sometimes 2 stars, sometimes 4.  Today was a 1.5.  No pickles and incredibly dry.  Prices have gone up, but it's still the cheapest falafel in the area.

OK, a few months later, I just had one of the top 3 falafel sandwiches I've had in my life. Made by a middle-aged gentleman with an air of owner about him.  The crappy sandwiches I've had have been made by younger dudes.  I WILL figure out the formula here.
THis place is cheap (so important when you're on a college budget) and has a lot on their menu.

The staff here are amazing, and don't be shy about customizing your order (a side of falafels - can i have an extra one?) they won't judge - i think.
Went on a saturday night for the DJ and beers with friends. They don't open till 11 PM which is fine, but there was 40 people inside BEFORE they opened at 10:45? Weird. Ok, get in, the place is WALL TO WALL by 11:30 so its impossible to get to the bar, go outside to smoke or use the bathroom. It cleared out a bit by 1 AM but by then I had enough of the the numerous "dancers" who rage against the social machine and decide Deoderant is some kind of evil invention that destroys mother earth. The bartender (yes 1) tries to keep up but its impossible. I waited 25 minutes while she had 15 martini's to get my High Life bottle. 

Maybe with a little less crowding (Like 50 less, under the fire code?) and an extra bartender it would be good. I still liked it, I'm just not a fan of overcrowding. .
I ate here recently and, wow, things have truly gone downhill here.

I used to get lunch here weekly when I worked in the square. Best falafel and shwarma wraps ever. But no more.

Now, the falafel is white (?) and mushy and not falafel-tasting at all. And they don't wrap them properly so you have a soupy mess at the bottom when you're finishing.

Also, my bf got the chicken and lamb combo wrap and he requested no onions. So she started piling on chicken and then some meat/onion mix on it and when we told her, no, he can't have onions, she goes "oh, well that lamb's not ready yet", pointing to the spit. 

So then she picks the chicken out then pours the lamb/onion/bits of chicken mixture back into the lamb bin. (WTF??)

Food is not very tasty and service...weird. I will not be returning.
Middle Eastern food is my favorite, and this is THE place for it.  

Atmosphere:  very casual dining; very friendly staff; clean; small; some outdoor seating

Food:  the menu is not that large, and that's just fine.  I feel places that offer a great variety of food are mediocre because they are not able to concentrate on perfecting their entire menu unless it's small enough.  But, I digress.  Moving on with the review:  As I have moved 3,000 miles away from LA, I have dreams about Saca's.  My mouth is watering just thinking about their food.  I always get the vegetarian platter.  There's enough to have for leftovers for lunch the next day.  The pita bread is OK, nothing to write home about.  But it does its job just fine; used for wrapping around crunchy, tasty homemade falafel, dripping with tahini sauce.  (droolz)  Being dipped in the garlicky, lemony, smooth baba ghanouj (THE BEST I've ever had); the hummus is some of the best I've had as well, and is served correctly with a small pool of olive oil and sprinkling of paprika on top.  The tabouli is fresh and it's good but I don't care for tabouli all that much anyway.  I question the grain to herb ratio.  It is just entirely too parsley-ish for me.  But, no matter.  The rest of the platter is so freakin' good that it cancels out any remotely negative aspect of anything else.  If I lived or worked near this place I would probably go there every day; that is how delicious their food is.  I miss it sooo much!!  Oh yeah, the baklava is good too.  

Price:  cheap!
Outstanding!

I'd never been to Jerusalem Garden, but after hearing about all the junk they've had to deal with due to the construction on their street I figured I'd pop in and give it a whirl. 

I had the Falafel with Hommus and even though I finished it 5 minutes ago I'm still licking my lips.  What a perfect, healthy and incredibly flavorful lunch.  All wrapped up in a tidy to-go piece of foil.

No doubt about it, I'll be back.
A great inexpensive place to go to for lunch. But it's not a evening place to take a date here. I recommend the Shawarma and forget the stuff grapleaves, I had much better else where. They also a few vegetarian options.
I am writing about there 2nd location on Westwood Blvd near SM Blvd. 

A true falafel artisan. I love falafels, and there a truly so few places that do it right. This is one. I ate there 3 times in the last week, that's saying something. I am only interested in the falafel so I can't comment on the rest of the menu. The falafel are made fresh with your order, and you can tell. Load up on your own choice of toppings, and the chili sauce (made by his son) id pretty dam good.
I absolutely love Zankou chicken. Mmmmm crispy bird. Delicious! In all seriousness, Zankou chicken is a delightful Lebanese rotisserie chicken joint in Pasadena. While some might consider it fast food (ie you wait in line, give them your order, and they hand you your food), the prices are not quite in the fast food category. The hummus is amazing. I don't know what they put in it, but it is far creamier and smoother than any kind of hummus you can get at the grocery store. Also better than the canned hummus I've tried purchasing in Lebanese markets. Is it just more oil?
The pickles that come with anything you order are very tasty and are delicious dipped in the hummus. The chicken is also very good, the skin is crisp, and it is usually served with a garlic butter sauce (my friend and I are convinced it is crisco with garlic). So all in all, Zankou is my favorite for mediterranean, okay, aside from Mediterranean Cafe, and I am very sad that they don't have anything even remotely appealing up in the Bay Area.
Great falafel, quick, cheap
I seriously could have eaten every vegetarian item on this menu. Incredibly affordable prices, amazing service, and DELICIOUS food. I had the red lentil soup and the shepherd salad, and ordered their eggplant salad and cacik for the table. My sister had the red lentil soup with a chicken sandwich, and my mom had the stuffed mushrooms and a shepherd salad with feta. We all seriously joined the clean plate club, and with little guilt. The shepherd salad was seriously just delicious and fresh, and the eggplant salad was an interesting take on babagonoush, with peppers and tomatoes and without tahini (just howI like it!). I'd definitely come back.
The Falafel is good! The people/ servce are great...I loved it! 
Get the egg plant its fresh and Mmm yummy!
Pulling out the 5 stars for this place.

In some ways I am glad I don't live here because I might get addicted to their food. This was the absolute best Gyro I have ever had in my life and I have had quite a few - wow, just wow.  The salad that came with it was tasty the meat was awesome their sauce and vegetables were just the right proportion. 

However I do have one complaint, after eating your Gyro's all others have really paled in comparison, my local joint back home tastes insipid and I am fearful to try new places since I feel I will be disappointed. Your gastronomical magic has ruined me for life.
Service was great. The food itself was not the best for Mediterranean..but maybe I tried the wrong thing. I got the chicken sandwich and it was just dry..I didn't even want to finish it. 

I'll just head to Aladdin jrs in Pomona for good Mediterranean food like I normally do.
I give the hummus itself 4 stars, as well as the grilled salmon.  sides were of mixed quality however.
Totally great breakfast and lunch spot!
One of my best friends and I used to comfort ourselves with Pita Kabob after our physics exams. After feeling completely destroyed, he would tell me, "Rachael, we need pita kabob." I would nod my head in agreement.

To tell you the truth, I've tried most of their pitas. The cajun, the lamb, etc etc, even the falafel. And... those are ALRIGHT. I think I even tried the dessert too... I wasn't sure what it was, but it was okay too. 

Yet, my favorite there is the chicken shawarma. Yes, it's cliche, that I would go for the only thing most people know. But hey, whatever, I do. It's big, the oil always drips to the bottom, but my ultimate favorite part of the pita? THE FRENCH FRIES IN IT!!! Mmmmmm. I don't know what it is. I'm not even a huge fan of fries, but I just love the fries in it. I just eat the pita, take the red squirt bottle (full of ketchup), and chomp, add some ketchup, chomp, add some ketchup, etc.

I think the sandwich itself is just.... soul soothing? Or maybe it's linked to having a bad physic exams or just whenever my friend and I were feeling down or just bored, we would be like, "yeah! chicken kabob!"

Either way, definitely stop by here for their great chicken shawarmas. Mmmm.
While some say this is expensive, the real trick to having a great affordable meal is sticking to the appetizers. Order the cold mezze platter ($16) and then one or two more small plates to share and you've got a great meal for 2. The Turkish pizzas are truly authentic and full of flavor. 

All of this, of course, could be colored by the fact that my husband and I went to Turkey for our honeymoon. Plus we were seated in the corner table curtained off - very romantic.
If you are looking for a hip, unique brunch experience with HUGE portions on the CHEAP, look no further. My favorite breakfast place in Boston. Try the Mediterranean omelet--NYO med omelet, it boasts spinach, tomato, peppers, onions, mushroom, olives, and more and is topped with a lump of homemade feta cheese that is to die for. The service is always friendly and fast and I've never paid over $18 for two breakfasts and two coffees. Come early because it does fill up in my experience.
I heard this before I got falafel here for the first time:

The smaller and dirtier the falafel stand, the better the falafel. 

Tiny: Yes. Dirty: only slightly. Best falafel I've had so far: Yes.

Cheap to boot. Yum.
I had eaten about three fourths of my chicken tabbouleh pita and was ready to rate PKG four stars.  Decent food at a decent price coupled with a location convenient to my hunger-inducing statistics classes had me convinced I'd be stopping by on a semi-regular basis.

Then it happened: the sudden feel of something in my mouth that wasn't supposed to be there, the back-pedaling, panic-driven thought that maybe I hadn't noticed this particular texture in my sandwich before now, the furtive attempt to discern whether the thing I'd felt was what I feared, and the dreadful confirmation that it was.

I removed the hair from my mouth, spit the rest of the bite of food into a napkin, threw the lot into the nearest trash can, retched inwardly, and vowed never to eat at PKG again.

(No, it was not my hair.  The hair in question wove in and out of the food wrapped inside the pita in a way that meant it couldn't be my own.)

Readers, I applaud those of you who are able to enjoy this quick lunch spot.  I sincerely hope that none of you have an experience like mine.

PKG, hairnets.  Please.

Recommended reading: Purity and Danger: An Analysis of the Concepts of Pollution and Taboo, by Mary Douglas
I'm kind of shocked at the number of 5 stars for this place. I'm racking my brain real hard to figure out how this place got such high remarks, and I'm starting to wonder maybe it's because of the number of so-so restaurants that are around the Pasadena area.

The first thing I noticed here was food is served quick. I was still trying to put away my wallet when the counter guy already had my plate in hand. As much as I love fast service, it also makes me suspicious. I don't like precooked food no matter where I go.

The food itself was ok. Nothing to write home about. I had a beef kabob plate, that had two skewers with a generous portion of meat. Most of them were tough to chew and weren't very tender, although they had a good roasted flavor to them. The rice was oily and light, so nothing special to note there. Hummus and pita was also ho-hum. The garlic sauce I shelled an extra buck for was dissapointing to say the least. It was way too light, and tasted like cream.

I wouldn't come back here because it doesn't offer anything special. I'm sure a lot of the praise for this place comes from people on their lunch breaks appreciating its lightning fast service.
Fresh & flavorful food homemade food! I had the Greek salad & it was wonderful!!!
The owner and his wife make everything from scratch, and they were so nice. 
Just know and understand that the service is a tad bit slow, but it's totally worth the wait!
Chicken Schwarma sandwich is exceptional.
While I've been here to eat, I had yet to ever see a venue other than the fairly folky ones up until this weekend. 

I wasn't even aware of the event until I met up with a friend who informed me that DJ Die Young was going to be there spinning and it should be a good crowdThis was a good enough reason to leave the concert at Avalon I had paid to see both in parking and admission, and find something a little more up my alley. We arrived, and it was getting packed pretty early. The line outside for Middlesex was daunting, and altho it was Kabir's birthday, waiting in line to get in somewhere for hours to stay 15 mins wasn't terribly worth it after an already dissapointing performance at Avalon. 

They cleared out the tables and there was plenty of room for dancing with our fellow yelpers and birthday celebrators. The music was pumping and the drinks/shots were fairly inexpensive as well. Delightful. The only issue was the concept of having a beer bartender and a cocktail bartender, as I feel that the majority of people that attend these sort of parties are drinking hard liquor and not brews. It actually got so busy that people were dancing outside the open windows, one or two actually trying to climb in before one ran off with a purse and was chased down the street and fled soon after dropping the bag. Insane.
Stopped by today during Art Fair in the scorching heat. It was very pleasant to sit out in the shade, and the waitstaff was very attentive. I had a falafal, hummus, and some veggie combination sandwich. The portion was pretty big, the ingredients were fresh and delicious, and it was probably the best falafel I've ever had. Finished it off with pistachio baklava which is fan-tastic. I'll be returning for lunch!
Nice and cheap. The combo plate with the chicken, hummus, pita, garlic spread, and pickled veggies is very satisfying. The hummus is one of the better ones I've tasted and I love to get extra to take home. Recipe for deliciousness: toast pita bread until slightly crispy in a toaster oven, spread a thin layer of garlic spread on it, and finnish with a good amount of hummus on top. Yum! Only qualms I have with this place is the tiny parking in back where it makes it impossible to back out of if your car is larger than a VW beetle or Mini Cooper. I always feel like a fugitive when I have to park at Micky D's and hotfoot over the tiny divider in the back like a illegal immigrant. Also, for some reason, the times I've gone, there have been some scary looking peeps there and the ladies at the register never understand and get confused when I want to get a hummus, garlic spread, and pita to go. Lady in heavy accent: "It's already in plate lunch!"
Just awesome... I had the lamb kebab and I kept thinking about going back for more.  It comes with salad, hummus, rice, Pita bread which adds up to a nice complete meal.  The price is more than very fair and it's a perfect in-and-out quick very darn good lunch spot that you can't complain about.  The chili and garlic sauce... boy, why am I writing a review while I can actually go out there right now and get more? :-)
A great place with character for coffee/tea and lengthy conversations in Harvard Square.

Not pretentious or trendy or cookie-cutter in any way, this coffeehouse with beautiful Arabic influenced decor and woodwork (but not in an over-the-top theme restaurant kind of way) is a perfect spot to get lost in meandering conversations.  The minimalist, barely lit balcony (really just a few tables and chairs) without much of a view provides a sharp contrast but is ideal for getting away from the bustle of Harvard Square.  Tonight, catching up with a couple of friends late into the night, I found myself forgetting that I wasn't on the roofdeck of a friend!

I found the service to be perfect for this type of establishment -- someone takes your order, brings it to you, checks on you a couple of times, but mostly just leaves you be to talk as long as you'd like.  There's certainly no rush to get you to leave.

The espresso/coffee drinks are nicely executed and the tea is passable if not ridiculously overpriced ($4+ for a tiny pot of tea!).  The food (I had the hummus) wasn't as good as I had remembered it being on past visits but it was certainly decent and much healthier than any bar food in the area.

In short, I'd recommend coming here for a cool environment to linger over good coffee/OK tea and maybe, in passing, to grab a bite to eat.  I wouldn't, on the other hand, come here for the primary purpose of eating good food.

[My top choice for an indoor café setting in the Harvard Square area or the patio is an excellent option for getting away from the Harvard Square vibe.]
i am originally from new york and i have known pretty much every falafel places but this definitely stands out. why
- their falafel is freaking huge. in new york you usually get a pouch shaped syrian bread which is 1/4 of the size they serve here.
- best lamb wraps i have had in time. so is chicken but its like ordering salad in a burger shop. you gotta have lamb when you goto middle east rest.. 
- they have awesome desserts.  try baklawa for the beginners. 
- if bored of falafel, try their grill items, like chicken or kafta kebab [takes little more time because they grill as ordered]
- most imptly they are open till 3am.

long story short, nothing beats this in central sq.
Fantastic food and fun people.
I have been looking for an affordable healthy joint to grab a bite around Harvard square for a long time. I was getting tired of the generic fast food places (burritos, cheap Chinese, pizzas..etc) who cater mainly to the area students and the extra fancy expensive restaurants.
Viva cafe has the kind of food I love. Healthy, fresh, tasty, affordable is sort of an oxymoron in the food business. The folks at Viva managed to create just that. The chef goes to the market daily, chooses the (Halal) meats and (mostly organic) vegetables himself only from the freshest on the market. All their meals are made to order (hence the little delay some people have complained about above). If you want a meal made in less than 10 minutes go to McD or grab a hot dog from 7-Eleven next door.
They only use extra virgin olive oil for all their cooking. I wish they used a little bit more garlic but the chef told me that they try to satisfy most palates
I eat there at least 4 times a week.
Horrible! If I could give less than one star I would. I should've yelp'd before walking in. One of the worst meals I have ever had. I stopped in this past Veteran's day for breakfast. I respected the fact that it was only the bartender working the floor. All of my meal was cold except for the toast. It was burnt. I ordered a coffee before placing an order, but didn't see it until after my food came and asking for a second time. I am sorry I ever walked in. If I were to receive any kind of comp, I still would not go back. I would like to note that I entered the corner. However, that should not matter.
Bread pretty good...lentil soup, ok...meat, not fresh at all!
I was told about this place and when I drove up from San Diego, it did not disappoint; so damn good!! I ordered the chicken Tarna and some falafel, then proceeded to sit there in the restaurant and moan and exclaim about how amazing the food was I was eating. The chicken is truly the best, EVER!! The falafel was so light and crispy, I thought I was eating a donut. All the sides and condiments were amazing and the amount of garlic was spectacular. I told the folks at the counter that their food is flippin' out of this world and that y'all should open a store in San Diego....you would totally have a huge following. LOVE ZANKOU!!!
This is the best place, great food and great service.  The food is  so good , the place is clean and busy too.  I can't wait to go baack again.
First of all, I don't know why it takes them to get the food to the customer when everything that they have is already been precooked. Hummus, Sala, Pita Bread, and White Rice...All precooked or premade (w/e) but it still took 20 mins to get me my food. Chicken Kabob was very dry. It was filling but very dry. My gf got 1/2 Chicken plate. The skin of the chicken was very crispy. 

Bottom line: This place..no Zankou!
My classmate and I went here recently because we hadn't heard anything about it and were feeling adventurous.  The food was actually pretty good and I, at least, left satisfied.  But this may have been for of the same reason I thought the 5th fast and the furious movie was pretty good   -   I wasn't expecting much.

highlights:
-fairly cheap
-probably not as bad as you think
Zankou can beat beat the murder wrap... I love this place ... Dig a bit for the murder reference...
A very no-frills restaurant, but you actually get a good value for your money spent.  We found this place by accident, and have been to it quite a few times since.  This place is fairly vegetarian friendly (only in the appetizers; but the vege platter will serve as a meal by itself).  The lentil soup,is absolutely delicious -- itself being worth a trip here.  The baklava (esp. the cashew) is absolutely delicious. BYOB
Oh Brookline Lunch, I want to love you so much. I do! I love your coffee and those cherry preserves, but today you were off your game. Even the owner who is usually kind, hard-working and friendly was not herself.

I was ignored for 15 minutes after a party of 6 and a party of 4 came in, ordered and were served. I had to ask to have my order taken. I still waited for a long time for my coffee to arrive and when my order finally came, it was all wrong. I ordered a mushroom, zucchini and bacon omelette, my usual, and it came out all wrong. The bacon was on the side not in the omelette, there were tomatoes in the omelette (yuck!), and the cheese was hastily slapped on top and not melted. Most heartbreaking was the lack of preserves or hot sauce on my plate. That is why I come. I left without eating but not without paying $14. :(

Brookline Lunch, you are the boyfriend I want to love, but he just treats me so bad, that I have to leave him. I will miss you, your tempting cherry preserves and cup lickingly good coffee!!!
It's a tiny place, but the kabobs are great! The owner is really nice and friendly, and it's basically just him doing all the work and then a delivery guy. This is the type of food you will have cravings for afterwards.
I was excited to try this based on the 4 1/2 star review...I am writing this based on the falafel sandwich and fries. The fries were average, maybe a little below...wouldn't recommend them as a side dish. In all complete honesty this place is just average. Average food, average price..There are MUCH better places around to get a falafel sandwich downtown near pikes place, and I have had better falafel sandwiches in mall food courts. It was good, just not great. Not a place I would go out of my way to eat. One bonus is that they are open very late.
This is my first experience in an Armenian restaurant EVER! 
At first I was a little skeptical it would be that good, considering it was a chain. Moreover, the prices, which ranged between $4 and $9 mostly forced me to pay more than I would for "fast food". Yes... technically Zankou chicken the way I see it is fast food. But don't be misled... this is GREAT fast food. It's rather in between a restaurant and a fast food joint.

I ordered the tri-tip beef plater with veggies, humus, pita, and that yogurt stuff Armenians eat. It was great. I tried my friend's chicken stuff, and it was great too (it comes with garlic spread). 

The food was surprisingly tasty, the portions were seriously more than enough to feed one, perhaps two hungry guys (or three hungry girls). I would definetely recommend this place for lunch (just because it's heavier than I'd like for dinner). 

Yeah. You will not be sorry you set foot on that store. 

PLUS THEY GOT GREAT REVIEWS ON CITYSEARCH AND ZAGAT. So.... that's got to be a plus.
East Side makes a mean gyro. I visited Providence over the Christmas weekend (boyfriend's family lives in RI) and had to hit up some of Nick's favorite hotspots. EAST SIDE MADE THE CUT. And why wouldn't it?? Family owned eatery with crispy & enormously tasty falafel and giant lamb gyros that made me pretty much black out from overwhelmed tastebuds. 

Nick ordered a pocket that combined lamb AND falafel (in addition to all the fixins) which was a total win that I'll opt for next time. Pricing was pretty dang decent and portions were beyond hearty. I loved Providence to begin with but THIS little spot makes me want to visit more often!
Love it. My girlfriend has been talking about this place for years, so when we finally moved back to RI, she took me here. The decor is nothing special, but that's not what its about. It's a stop in and take it to go kind place that serves amazing falafel's. (Get the works, the combination of flavors is perfect).

I've been there twice now and both times the staff was awesome, very friendly.
The parking in the back SUCKS.... But it's so worth it for the whole chickens, garlic butter, tabouleh, hummus and babaganosh.

Its my go-to when I wanna eat out but want to eat something healthy.
***FRUGAL FIND***

We are always looking for new, tasty but inexpensive places to eat within the Westwood area. BAM!!! We discovered BELLA PITA! Value! Value! Value! This is definitely one of Westwood's Frugal finds. Bella Pita is a little hole in the wall Mediterranean joint located within the Gayley sidewalk shops. I have driven by this restaurant numerous times but due to its size, I continuously overlooked it. However, thanks to an article on the Daily Bruin and with the help of yelp - we found a new lunch staple.
   
I ordered the Lamb Pita, and the Falafel cone side dish and per the yelp reviews, I topped it with lots of their special hot sauce - YUM DELISH! My buddies ordered the burger wowshi, and Steak wowshi (special order) with a side of fried cauliflower and our lunch still cost us less than what some of the food trucks that park on Gayley charge. Bella Pita is definitely a take out place and functions along the lines of a food truck.  You order your food, they call your number, you garnish your stuff and bag your own food and you head out. The service is quick, the staff is friendly, and the menu is simple but tasty.
I'm was a long time patron...eh...user/addict of Greek Corner II, so I was horrified to learn recently that I wouldn't have my
$5 roll up on a grilled warm oily pita lunch.

Peeking through the window at 8am this morning at the menu board at Falafel Corner I had hope.  Wraps priced below $5, plates a bit more.  Things might not be so bad.  As I turned to walk to work a man came down from the kitchen and handed me a takeout menu and a welcoming smile.

Then menu looks great.  Nothing mind-blowing but solid and varied options.  Sometimes middle eastern restaurants can be sneaky pricey (I'm talking to you Shawarma King in Brookline).  Falafel corner is offering food at prices that feel neighborly.  That's a big reason I loved it's predecessor.  

Sadly, Harvard Square does not have a lot of restaurants owned by regular people, serving regular people.  I can't wait to dig in to Falafel Corner's food and perhaps begin a new relationship with 8 1/2 Eliot Street.
I called them after the first hour had gone by. They said the driver left 25mins earlier. A further 30 minutes later the food eventually arrived with driver insisting food was not cold. The chicken roll-up schwarma and falafel I'd ordered actually felt chilled. As I handed him the bag of food back, complaining of the terrible service all I was offered was a "that's fine". No apology. Putrid service. You'd have to crawl down a smell drain to get as low as these guys.
So, I'm kind of into this thing called Yelp (look it up sometime if you want). Yelp told me that East Side Pockets was ahhhhh-mazing, like 4.5/5-style ahhhhh-mazing. Of course, I decided to test this out.

The space at ESP is pretty crowded and cramped, making take-out a great option most of the time. Of course, an added benefit is that you get space-age-esque cylinders of tinfoil-wrapped goodness that you can take around town like you're one of the Jetsons. Anyway, the line moves quickly enough, you tell the nice people behind the counter exactly what you want, and then  you grab a Coke Zero if you're me. 

Despite being sad that there was no chicken schwarma option (or any schwarma), I got the falafel. Falafel is usually way too dry, but not here! The falafel was the perfect texture, and the creamy hummus and not-hot-but-still-tasty hot sauce added a lot to the veggies and falafel (even if the bread was a bit tough). The sandwich was delicious, filling, and wonderfully priced, making it pretty apprent why ESP has some of the best food in Prawwvidence.
I tried this place because it's closer to my home than El Pollo Unico, Chicken was ok, They only give me 2 pitas. To dine in this Zankou is better. Since I always take to go, I'll keep going to El Pollo Unico.
Had the chicken shawrma sandwich.  The taste was decent but the filling had been stuffed with 75% french fries.  Nowhere on the menu does it even mention french fries in the shawrma sandwich description.  I'm as big a fan as anyone of sandwiches with fries in them, but let me know they are there and let me decide if that's what I want.  Not sure if this is their standard or they were just trying to stretch the chicken, but either way it was not appreciated.  Also there was no spoon in my to-go bag for an order that included soup.

Not sure if I'll be back.
There are only so many restaurants one can go to when you work on Lake Ave. This one is nice to add to the rotation.

The service is extraordinarlily fast! By the time you have handed over your cash, your food has been served to you by a young gentleman who stands next to the register to help with the efficiency. Good thinking!

This place gets crazy busy, so unless you go before lunch hour or after, do not expect to get a seat inside or outside! Plan to take back to the office in most cases.

The food is very good. In fact, I prefer this place over the often raved about place called Raffi's in Glendale. I prefer the lamb or beef kabob, always yummy! The combo plate comes with a small salad, hummus, and rice. The garlic spread that they provide to go with the pita is so good! 

Really whacky hours! They open at 11 and close at 6 or 7 I think. Sat they only have lunch hours, and I am pretty sure they are closed Sunday. Nonetheless, very good eating here. Definitely a fan!
Date night with my wife took us here tonight. She'd seen shows there but had never eaten there. I'd had the benefit of getting the 50% band discount before so I've toured the menu a few times. 

I'm a vegetarian so this place is great for me. Generally I'll get the lentil stew but tonight we went out on a limb 

We decided to get a few things and split them so we started with the hummus (not to be confused with HAMAS Bruno) then split a falafal and the vegetarian couscous with grilled tofu. 

Everything was great, service was good for being fairly crowded and the family run atmosphere makes you feel truly welcome. I recommend.
I love this place for lunch or dinner on a weekday. Lots of Caltech folk come here, the prices are cheap and the service is FAST (literally within 10 seconds of the words leaving your mouth). The kefta, lamb, and chicken wraps/plates are all stellar both in texture, quality and flavor,  their chili sauce is hot, and their garlic sauce is extremely pungent and super tasty.

Also, their baba ghanoush is wicked and their tabbouleh is good too.

If you want to try something crazy, you can try Ayran, the salty carbonated yogurt drink they sell (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayran). Haha, I kind of liked it despite the fact that it composes about 25% of the your recommended DV of sodium. Fun times.

This family owned business is great, and the guys who run it are efficient and also nice. They have both indoor and outdoor seating.
So, I don't remember what we ordered but it was delectable. It also made us smell the next day, but it really was delish. the drinks were good too. This was  pre-show fare. Needless to say we went in a liquor store across the streetish to get vodka and pounded it in an alley.

Sweet times.
This was my first meal ever in Providence, 4 years ago, and I still love this place!  I get the yeeros every time and it's delicious!  Though I've tried the combo wrap (chicken and falafel) before and it's amazing too!  The servings are big for the price and every bite is wonderful!  The service is quick and friendly, and this is the perfect place for a casual lunch or a quick dinner!  Easily the best place to eat on Thayer!
I have been here a few times and it is positively the best falafel in town.

The building looks like the place used to be an old white castle, but now it belongs to Moody's Falafel Palace.

Apart from ranting and raving about how good the falafel is at this place I just need to give one word of advice.   Unless the older Mediterranean gentleman who looks like he might own the place is making falafels go somewhere else.

His falafels are absolutely wonderful.   The people he has hired to work there recently - however - don't quite do it as well.    They still aren't bad, but unless Moody himself (I am assuming) makes them, they just aren't the same.
foods and coffee were good, a little pricey for student. service very slow but friendly.
Maybe I have became more picky, but last time when I was there (about few weeks ago), the meat was dry and cold.  The speed of service is still amazingly fast.  The take-out item was ready even before I paid.
Tallula's is one of those places along Franklin St. that I've been wanting to check out for a while and finally, I had an excuse. It's always fun checking out new places in the name of a friend's birthday celebration!

The interior is lovely with perfectly dimmed lighting and huge beautiful Turkish carpets on the walls, as well as a few cozy, draped-off booths with pillows lining the benches.  Unfortunately, we had too big a party for the booths.  

Bread with some delicious tomato-y olive oil dip came out pretty quickly.  There was also hummus ordered for the whole table-yum!  The waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed and kind of stand-offish, but we were a big, distracted party, so, no worries, Mr. Waiter.  I ordered the Etli Bamya (chicken cubes w/ okra in a tomato-onion sauce topped with cheese and served w/ rice) and it was okay.  I think I'll order something else next time.

Question: why is it that the rice restaurants serve you always seems so incongruous to the meal?  I mean, I'm not so hugely into rice, actually, but others might be...so really, what gives?  

Anyway, I couldn't finish my meal because I had had so much bread and dip...it was kind of a long wait for our entrees.  My husband ordered the lamb kebabs and he seemed very satisfied, ate it all up.  This would be a nice place to visit on a date, maybe snag the corner booth!
I'm a big fan of Saca's. The food is excellent and the owners are very pleasant and friendly.

I usually get the lamb combo plate (comes with hummus, pita, and your choice of either a small salad or french fries -- both are good). I've also tried the beef combo plate (also amazing!), but I personally like the lamb plate better. Put a little garlic sauce on it and get ready for an awesomely tasty experience.

I wasn't a really big baklava fan until I tried theirs. It's GOOOOD!!!
Great Food!

I've been coming here for years and every time the food is awesome.  They have the best tasting hummus in town and the falafel is super good.  Pedro makes the best rice I've ever tasted, light and fluffy.  He's a graduate from Le Cordon Bleu in Pasadena and makes all the food daily.  He even makes his own pastries which are delicious.  Parking can sometimes be a challenge, just park on one of the side streets and its a short walk to the restaurant.
Fallafel and chicken shwarma are solid picks as are most of the plates.  The usual cook, Zaqaria (tall dark skinned, friendly) is really nice and helpful.

-1 star: Ambiance is ok for a quick meal but tables are usually dirty, and condiments at the tables are greasy / sticky.  I don't think they are cleaned regularly.
-1 star: bad cook sometimes. There's been some negative reviews about a man with a goatee. I also strongly dislike him (he's the owners son). First time I met him he tried to over-charge me for adding onions and hot sauce to my wrap (the place was empty by the way, so it's not like he didn't have time).
I've managed to avoid him until today.  Again the place was empty because it was  afternoon.  He was at the register but was too lazy to take my order and directed someone else to do it.  So I waited while this other guy finished watching his show.  Then guy #2 relayed my order to goatee and after talking to each other for a while he finally started cooking.  I spotted him turning away from the counter, wiping his nose with his free hand, and then returning to cook. His put his contaminated hand in his pocket for about five minutes but still used it to roll my wrap without washing or gloves.  GROSS.  He tried to hide it and must have thought five minutes in a pocket is the same as soap and water.

PS. I come here a lot (~1/wk) and I think it's generally pretty good. Days like this change my mind though.
After having been to Bombay Hookah many times over the last few days, my wife and I decided we had to try the other hookah places around, and this was first on our list to try.

We were surprised!  We'd thought the smoke from the hookahs at Bombay was nice, but this.... was actually much better!  Much smoother, cooler smoke, and we were both able to take much huger hits from the pipe.  Very very nice!

The food was good too - we had lamb atop hummus, and also kofta paneer - both very, very good.

The downside is that the atmosphere isn't nearly as chill and elegant as Bombay.  But the smoke's a lot better.  It poses a tough choice between the two!

We may have to talk to the super-helpful folks at Bombay and see if they have any ideas why there's such a marked difference between the smoke.  We really prefer Bombay's atmosphere, but would like a better smoking experience.

Anyway - if you can deal with (or like) the loud/campus vibe/atmosphere at Egyptian, give it a try; the smoke's NICE.
The Spicy Chicken Shawarma Wrap!!! That is all!
Great!!
This place was a pretty clear disappointment.   Let's start at the beginning.  I was craving shwarma so I schlepped over to Falafel Corner hoping they'd be at least as good as the old Greek Corner II.  I  ordered one LAMB SHWARMA, two falafel (on the side), and 4 baklava.   I paid $15.  When I received my order, there were two wraps in the bag.  I inquired, the cook said he had heard me say a falafel wrap.  He even went as far as to fabricate a dialogue we didn't have:
him: you said falafel wrap, remember?
me: no, I said two falafel, and a lamb shwarma
him: remember I asked you 'you sure you want two falafel wrap?'
me:**brow furrowing about to let it fly, don't get between me and shwarma**
**husband nudges me, we're late...gotta go**
I grab my bag and head out, I get to the bus stop at Harvard and discover that both wraps are FALAFEL WRAPS!!  I was hoping they could at least get half the order right.  I wanted a LAMB shwarma!  I hauled through bitter chilling winds for LAMB SHWARMA, not this so-called 'falafel.'  Unfortunately, I couldn't go back to rectify the issue and, even if I could, based on my previous experience with the 'I didn't order falafel wrap' debacle, who knows how helpful the employees would have been?

So let me recap:  Besides the fact that my order was wrong, except for the baklava (and really, how can you get that wrong?), the cook gaslighted me (Google it)  and the falafel were well...awful.  Soggy balls, that were allegedly chickpeas...but were suspect.  The tomatoes were mealy, the lettuce was sad, and iceberg.  FAIL.  A waste of $15.  

I've made better, fresher crispier, falafel in my kitchen, for less than $15, with better accoutrements.  This place is an affront to all good shwarma joints as well as my integrity (hello fabricated conversation) and gustatory sensibility.  Get serious...and get shwarma...elsewhere.
Fresh, delicious, customizable pitas. Nom nom nom! And they're opened until 2am? YES! All of the guys that work here are super fun, no matter how many drunken college student come stumbling in throughout the night. One reviewer described this establishment as 'a diamond in the rough' and I couldn't agree more. This unassuming, hole-in-the-wall will not disappoint. I really wish that more places in Westwood would start serving up great food at awesome prices with the service that Bella Pita does.
meats made to order. Talk about fresh, top quality persian food. I LOVE it!! Parking is a major doozy but I guess it's worth it!
Great food. Super fast. Although not on the menu, I usually order a combo kebab plate. Two choices of chicken, steak, lamb or ground beef. It is served with wonderful rice pilaf, greek salad and hummus.

I get it with extra pita and extra garlic sauce ( which BTW, gives the garlic sauce at Zankou Chicken, a run for its money). The chili sauce is excellent. Its very different and I think homemade. I think its some kind of Armenian specialty).

The only beef (pun intended) I have with the place is that it closes at around 6:30 p.m.
Nothing special here.

Went hiking in Burbank, then migrated out to Glendale and Pasadena to meet friends. This spot had a lot of reviews and a 4-star on Yelp so figured I'd try it.

----------------
LOCATION
----------------

Located on LAKE BLVD. driving here was nostalgic... came to the Chiptole down the street after a blackout birthday celebration a coupla years ago and came to the Rose Parade a coupla blocks over last year. 

It's inside an outdoor mall area... tons of food options. The place itself is pretty small... not much seating indoors or out. There was only one person in line when I arrived, by the time I got my food there were 10+ in line in this small, Small place.

----------------
THE FOOD
----------------

I got THE CHICKEN SHAWARMA WRAP, since they didn't have it in Lamb like Pita Kitchen... my favorite spot.

All it was, was Pita Bread, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Garlic Spread and Chicken I believe. It was pretty much identical to the CHICKEN TARNA WRAP you can get at any Zankou chicken... except this wasn't as good :-/
I always get the same thing so I am not the best reviewer for this great  sandwich shop on Thayer St.  I love their falafel pockets.  It is always so fresh which is so important in sandwiches.  I look on after I order at all the great fresh meats grilling behind the counter and wish I would have tried something new...but the falafel is so good!  This place is always filled with college and high school kids but if you like a fast takeout meal I would not pass this fresh and healthy food by for pizza down the street.  Great place.
why not a five, why not a five, why not a five? 

They shake that special spice on one too many shakes.

Otherwise, a five. 

Why don't I ask them to take it easy on the spice? I guess I'm just shy like that.
Mint coffee or mint hot chocolate? Yes, Please! And I can drink it anywhere in this fabulously decorated cafe? It is these kinds of coffee shops that I strive to find in life, so thanks Algiers for being there. 

Definitely not the cheapest place in the world, especially if you just want to grab a cup of coffee to catch up with a friend. I actually wanted to give this place 3.5 stars because of that. It is about $5 for one cup of mint coffee or hot chocolate here, which just seems a little ridiculous since you don't get a refill or anything and it is literally a normal sized coffee cup. But if you believe in paying for the ambiance through your purchases, than Algiers definitely makes up for it that way. And that mint hot chocolate was pretty delicious too! 

This cafe is multi-leveled and there are tons of tables here scattered about in this middle-eastern style cafe, and just being here makes you feel like you have escaped everything that is Harvard Square.  It is just that unique which definitely will bring me back here. Their food is also not the cheapest but I have heard good things, so perhaps if I am feeling like splurging I will try out a sandwich or two the next time I come here. But this place is perfect for trying out some new teas or coffees and just sitting and chatting and catch up with old friends. And you'll be surprised how quickly the time goes while you're here!
After a long day trip his and heading home, I suggested to the mister that we stop by Zankou since we were about another 20 miles from home and we were both starving. I used to live in the neighborhood as well as worked near this Zankou, so off we went.

Their parking lot here is just crazy, so you're better off finding street parking if possible. Now, for the food, to be honest...they used to be much better. They're still good, but it seems that their chicken the past few times, including this time around, have been on the drier side. 

I ordered the 1/4 white chicken plate...only to actually get a 1/2 white chicken plate combo (shhhh!). Anywho, the skin was flavored perfectly, but the meat itself...was a tad on the dry side. Still good, so what the hell am I complaining about right? Comes with a breast and little bit of leg meat, hummus, pickled beets, pita bread and yummy garlic spread. Feel free to blow into someone's face after eating that garlic spread my friend. Anywho, this platter will fill you up! It's delicious all around and even the mister got his hands into the hummus.

He has a schwarma wrap. They sure have gotten smaller each time I've been to a zankou, but it doesn't mean it lacks in flavor. Meat was tender and flavorful and the mister loved it...just wished it had like 2-3 inches more of food!.

Several locations throughout socal...Good place at a decent price. FYI, avoid this joint during lunch hours on weekdays.You've got corp people working around Pasadena fighting with the PCC kids out on lunch. It's a battlefield...
I love, love Zankou Chicken... really yummy! The humus and pita is amazing!!! the chicken rocks the house. 

This is a can't miss for me! give it a try :)
Damn. Food like this makes it hard for me to lose my PUDGE. Get the chicken shawarma, its to DIE for...One day I felt like being a fat ass and got some Baklavah (a sweet desert) this was also way too delicious. Cheap, Fast, Delicious, what else could you possibly ask for?
Great food. I go eat there dinner three or four times a week.
I am also a hopeless Soul-le-lu-jah addict . . . I can be found here most saturdays with my fake eyelashes on, shaking it like a chorus girl.  Word on the andy warhol look-a-like not letting you in the door though!  This man made me freeze my ass off in mini skirt for the better part of an hour!  Although granted, the place was totally packed in due to the booming ray charles and stevie wonder, so maybe it's not totally his fault :)  God bless Cambridge blue laws, but after that experience, I entirely recommend looking like a dork and getting there at like 10pm.   The bartender there is also entirely way too fine.
Delicious hummus.
Fast service.
Great for a quick meal with friends.
Rana Halal is great if you want Middle Eastern food late at night... with terrible delivery and mediocre food.

My friends placed an order 10 minutes before mine and got their food within about a half an hour. My order, made a mere 10 minutes later, took an hour. When I called to find out where my food was, I could hear the woman on the other end of the phone loudly complain about me having called, which is really, really rude. 

They get zero stars for poor customer service, and the 2 stars is for how good their dolma, baba ghanoush and hummus are, and how boring their rice was and how very tough their lamb was. Also, I ordered 2 juices and I got Snapple Iced Tea.

If you need halal food late at night, this might be a good option. Otherwise, seek food somewhere else.
The food is actually tasty. Complimentary lavish bread is good. So why I am giving only two stars? Because I am Turkish and I can confidently say that the food that they are serving here is far from authentic. But in the absence of any competition within 100 miles radius, this may be the place to go for Turkish food. If you are looking for an authentic Turkish restaurant, you should drive to Paterson, NJ instead.
Wow, I didn't realize that chicken shawerma could be this good. I never order chicken at Mediterranean places because it's typically the least impressive offering, but the chicken here is amazing! I'm not sure what it is, but it's just very tender and the seasoning is delicious. I know it's just chicken, but it's GOOD! And the vegetarian plate is great because you can pick four veggie sides - I got mujadarrah (lentils), tabbouleh (parsley), baba ghanooj (eggplant), and the dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) with tzatiki. Even better than the chicken shawerma might be the baba ghanooj - it tastes so smoky and roasted, like no other eggplant I've ever tasted before. Overall, itwas such a healthy and delicious meal. I found my staple fix when I'm in Lake Ave or Pasadena.
Good pita sandwiches with a variety of menu. I usually get the chicken kafta kabob or the chicken cilantro. Also the house burger is freshly grilled and comes with fries for a good price. Good for lunch or late night grub.
I don't know how to correctly pronounce anything on the menu here, but I know how to enjoy it. The guys who work behind the counter are super friendly, always offering a smile to sometimes weary college students. The food is served in ample portions and it is always delicious! The "joojeh" is my favorite thing - five chunks of seasoned chicken breast over incredible white/yellow rice. 

Yum, always.
Good coffee, and really delicious brie sandwich.. the brie is all melty and deelish. And it's open late, which is a plus. Beautiful interior, also a plus. I just think it's a wee bit expensive, the service can oftentimes be realllllly slow, and the desserts are so-so, hence the 3 stars.
IF this place was in my neighborhood, then I would BE A weekly REGULAR!!

I had tried Sunrise Deli a couple times already. The SF and at this location are equally good tasting and amazing on their FALAFEL.

Good quick and friendly service. Excellent cheap food across from the Berkeley campus. It can get crowded during lunch times I bet when school is in session. 

The falael has a crispy outer coating along with a smooth texture of garbanzo beans when biting into it. A dip of hummus = X_x    "pure goodness of Mediterranean food at its finest" It is overall one of the best if not THE BEST I had. ( 6 for $1.85) 

The shawarma sandwhich is ($6). They are very generous with their portions plus the lamb they use has extra flavor.

I would want to come back again, and again.  The best part about the meal is it is not that heavy.
The BEST place for a gyro on The Ave. 

The service is friendly, and when you order their combo, they don't look at you like you are college mooch. 

The pita is soft has a stoopid solid texture to it (for those of you not fluent in Marshawn Lynch that means really good). Well spiced and there is plenty inside the gyro! It's packed full and each bite is delicious. Just do it.

They might shoot you a weird look if you get a salad though. ;)
you have to try their chicken...so Tasty....
best chicken i had so far
As someone who really doesn't like "vegetarian food" that much, I loved this place. A friend took me for the first time today and I have to say I was very impressed. 

Quality food for an affordable price, how can you go wrong? For around 10 dollars I was able to get both a plate of hummus and a huge cucumber and yogurt falafel sandwich, which was so filling I only ate half and brought the rest home. All of the ingredients were fresh and flavorful, and you could tell that my sandwich had been made with care, not just slapped together.

While the sandwich was a win I would come back just for the hummus; smooth, creamy, and incredibly delicious. Easily the best hummus I've ever had. Slightly on the garlic-y side, but I really don't mind. 

Service was great, and I am very happy to know if I'm hungry I'll never have to go to Chipotle or one of the other S. State St. chains again.
The crepes here are delicious! The Nutella Split is heaven on a dish.... if you haven't tried it yet, you are missing out. 

They also have pretty decent sandwiches if you're looking for real food. Try to Awesome Threesome (veggie) or the California Turkey. 

And on warm, sunny days, the outside roof area is an amazing place to sit, study, relax, etc.
I love Mediterranean food. I did not like this place. Certainly not kid friendly.
Best gyro I've ever had. He always puts tons of meat on my gyro. The real key of the dish is the pepper relish. If you don't get it, its really not the same thing. I've had this gyro probably 50 times, and it's still great.

As others have said, Muhammad is another reason to go here. Last time I was there (before spring break), he was telling me about going to Cancun for the 'girls gone wild.' Dude is awesome. Gives me free stuff sometimes too.
Food is eh.  Falafel didn't taste fresh (try Cafe Jaffa downtown for a better falafel).
Really slow service and the staff's attitude lives up to the name "moody".
Also, they will leave you waiting on a long line without making a general announcement that they are out of all meat dishes-- you find out this after you have waited 20 minutes in line and are starving at the counter.
OVERRATED OVERRATED OVERRATED.
all i'm saying is that if i'm to drunkenly pass out on my titanic sized couch while clutching onto some food item, i better wake up to one of their falafel sandwiches in my hands.
I got to say that the Zankou is awesome. They have some things that I cant pronounce, but taste really good. I am not a fan of Armenian food per say, but if this is what its like I will look forward to others to try. I actually don't know if this is Armenian food, but some friends of mine who Armenian turned me on to this place and I have always went back. They are kinda busy during the day but the wait is worth it.
The falafel pocket is legit.
This place is super good - fresh food, large portions, low fare, friendly service, free suckers.
I LOVE Brookline Lunch.  They hands down make the best Greek omelet I have ever had. They are also really generous with the ingredients and portions---loads of kalamata olives, tons of veggies, and there is no skimping on the feta.  Though I usually order an omelet, I have had the French toast as well.  If you like your French toast with a side of egg and butter, this is for you.  It was amazing, but I definitely could not finish it.  Each plate comes with home fries and toast, with a side of this amazing jelly/hot sauce I have only had at Brookline.  The coffee is nice and strong, and the service is quick and friendly.  It seems to be a family run establishment, sometimes with only one waitress (who must be part of the fam), who manages to get everyone's meals to them in an orderly and timely fashion.  Brookline is also pretty cheap and a has a funky/unique ambiance.  You might have to wait for a table, but it is totally worth it.
So my friend and I decided upon a night in Westwood, and on a sunday night the only place open was hookah bar, so we decided on Habibi's. There were things I found weird, such as on Friday and Saturday nights the seat minumum for each seat is $10, which is little odd because that's the first time I've seen a resturant have a limit for someone. We got the grape hookah and mint tea and iced tea, both teas we're really good and no complaints towards the hookah nor the service. Our server was pretty nice and helpful. Although the spacing was very tight, trying to get out to the bathroom was a challenge and I had to kindly ask the people sitting next to me to move their hookah while my friend moved ours. 
Now where I found error, the bill as others said was a little myseterious and didn't seem accurate but we let it go.
And also past experience here before this one was really horrible, time before was our first time here and we had just stopped at chipotle and got food and decided to hookah and the place wasn't full or anything. First we got a whole lecture on how rude it is to bring food to another resturant, which I understand yet, it is also a hookah bar and we are payed for two hookah's. Later, I believe this is the "douchey owner" came up to us and said that we HAD to order something off the menu, besides our two hookah's. And my sister being the bold one she is refused and he kept pushing it, and finally threw the water bottle. My other two friends decided to get the water bottles out of fear, and we vowed to never return again but since that was a year ago. So in conclusion I've had one really bad experience and a pretty decent one, so I say if you're a risky person then go on ahead but if you are relying on a good hookah then there is plenty other places!
We had a beef Kebab(plate), Chicken Shawerma (plate), Stuffed Grape Leaves, Tabbouleh and baklava. The beef kebab was super juicy, tender and flavorful!  We mixed the chicken with garlic spread and hommus, it had become magically tasty!!!  Tabbouleh is so fresh and not too sour.  Baklava is heavier on the cinnamon and lighter on honey, but still very good!  A great find!  Thanks for yelp mobile!
i love this place. huge portions, lots of veggies in the omelets and homefries, homemade hot sauce and jam, and cheap prices.  it's family-run and they're really kind. i love when their kids are there and they excitedly run to show me to my table.

you don't find places like this in cambridge these days and it's really sad!
How many radishes must die every day to make the complimentary appetizer plates they serve each table? I'm sure someone, somewhere eats this but I can honestly say that Heidar Baba has concocted a plate of all my least favorite things in the world. Radishes, raw onion, pepper, basil and some pickles. Maybe they just keep bringing out the same plate. Maybe they're just plastic replicas. Thank goodness the actual food is so good.

Lentil soup here is crazy good. Possibly because it's more barley than lentil, it doesn't really taste like traditional lentil soup. It's also flavored with a squirt of yogurt and a touch of mint. As much as I loved it, from reading through reviews here it's seem to be hit or miss with people because of it's rather odd flavoring.

Dishes here are huge. Expect a half a cantaloup sized mound of perfectly cooked saffron basmati rice, and two ridiculously long kabobs of the meat of your choice. The lamb koobideh is good but in fairness it doesn't compare to the lamb plates down the street at Sahara. The beef version is the one that truly shines here. It's wonderfully seasoned ground beef, made even better  with a sprinkle of the purple seasoning on the table. I have no idea what the name of it is, but it's purple colored and has a vaguely sour taste. Be aware that unless you eat like a linebacker, one order is easily enough to feed two people.

Service here is fairly slow but friendly.  Expect to wait a while even when it's not busy, so it's not a good choice for a quick bite or those with no patience. The room is large and nicely decorated, if not a little austere but they play some cool low key Persian music in the background. On our visit, it was empty when we arrived, but fairly busy when we left. As noted elsewhere, this is a 100% halal restaurant, which among other things is supposed to make the meat even more flavorful. 

Overall Heidar Baba fits nicely between the family fare at Sahara's and the upscale versions at Azeen's in Old Town Pasadena. They're each distinctly different but excellent examples of MIddle Eastern cuisine celebrating both the unique and similar flavors of different countries in the area.

Best Plates: Lentil Barley Soup, Ground Beef Koobideh

Food - B+
Ambience - B-
Service - B-
Value - B+
Love Moody's- great falafel, hummus, shwarma (ask for a pita wrap with either falafel or shwarma WITH hummus). Inexpensive and filling. Seating is limited and there's no A/C, so be prepared to take out or stand.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon when it was empty.  We were the only ones in the restaurant.  The service was laaame.  The waiter kept watching the game on tv instead of taking our order.  Then we order water and you are forced to pay for bottled water.  The food was pretty good I will give them that yet it was overpriced...I gotta pay 15 bucks for four little falafel balls.  Then they blast some really loud music with signs posted no dancing, thats just silly.  I guess to avoid knocking over hookahs.  When we were ready for our bill the waiter was busy eating his meal around the corner so my brother in law had to walk over there to ask him for the bill.  I was pretty annoyed by then.  I don't think I will be going back.
I haven't had everything on the menu but I have had: gyro, chicken wrap, hummus, and the chicken salad.
Their gyro's are pretty tasty and haven't had a better one -- given the surrounding area. The chicken wraps are only a dollar(!!) and have the some of the best yogurt dip ever. Their hummus is also pretty darn good. And their chicken salad is pretty filling: tender chicken and tasty dressing.
The location and interior isn't the greatest in the world but it's a small price to pay, and besides, there's always take-out. The owners/workers are very friendly.
I am obsessed with Zankou and I cannot tell you how confused I am that they have not expanded out of the LA area. Every time I am down in Pasadena, I eat here, at least once, usually twice, often in embarrassingly short amount of time in between. I always get the 1/4 Dark Chicken plate, and I clean it off, though it may take a round 2 at home. The garlic sauce is life changing. My favorite place to eat in Pasadena by far. Love it. I also love how when you go there, there will literally be all kinds of people; its one of the most diverse restaurants I've ever seen. Good people watching, great food!
I've tried gyros from all over ( Cape Cod, Boston, etc) and by far I can say Esp is the best. The wraps are huge, the lettuce is romaine (quality), the staff is friendly, the food is authentic and affordable. What else could you want?
Awesome Shawerma!  Fast.  Can be pricey, but the food is awesome.  Talked to the owner once and he closes when he meets his take for the day.  Gotta respect the guy for having priorities.  Puts out a high quality product and takes month long vacations in late summer.  Not in it to make millions, but just to live.  Best hummus in the area!
great middle eastern fare. great prices. good people. it's been a while, i miss ann arbor, and places like J Garden.
kind of dirty. kind of greasy, kind of not so hot.
cheap though, and good soups!
Cute place but the service is TERRIBLE.  We waited forever for everything.  The food is OK but nothing special.
Sorry, not a fan. courteous service but empty for a reason.   The kabob was the only good part. And the tea.
Brookline Lunch is hands-down my favorite brunch place in Cambridge. Sure, you may have to wait a little while to be seated. And it's not the classiest place in the area. But the food is delicious, unique and plentiful; the waitress is a sweetheart; and the bill is always incredibly inexpensive. Their homemade jam and hot sauce are out of this world. Bottom line: Come here on a sunny, leisurely weekend morning, bring a mug of coffee for the wait, relax and enjoy.

P.S. My favorite order is the tomato, spinach and feta omelet. Do it.
I agree that the prices here are downright cheap, but that only makes sense since the food was mediocre.  This hole in the wall restaurant (barely large enough to turn around in) doesn't hold a candle to the excellent falafel at Rami's in Brookline.  Moody's falafel was dry and wrapped in too much pita, and they were stingy with the accoutrements (tomato, pickle, etc.)
I have been here a couple of times and they just can't seem to get it right. The meat is tough and they use too much sauce. If you are in the mood for good simple kabob you should check out the Medateranian off Lake.
Quick, cheap and delicious.  I highly reccommend the kafta.  Everything is consistent everytime and always fresh.  Friendly staff also!
Falafel wrap + hummus + hot sauce = AMAZING.

Their prices are low, they deliver, and they are open late. This place is perfect.
True Fact: Shawarma sales went up after the release of the Avengers movie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxVQrFXJR2o

The restaurant looked like any fast food joint. So here is what we ordered: 
Falafel- Overly salty and dry 
Tritip shawrma- Bland 
Roasted chicken- Very dry, almost inedible
Narn chicken- The only edible one in my opinion 

The food was edible and reasonably priced. However, the quality is pretty subpar. I recommend going to another place for your shawarma. AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
I seriously love me some bella pita. 

I used to frequent this spot once a week. Mostly because it is pretty cheap, fairly filling, and more of a healthier option than your regular late night fare. I got hooked on the black bean wowshi. My secret? asking for a little container cup and mixing the really hot sauce with the white sauce (what is that stuff anyway?). 

Def. a great late night option!
Very tasty! 

I had the beef kebab dinner and was quite impressed. The meat was perfectly done, juicy and flavorful, and a considerable amount of delicious food for a good price. 

One tip: I walked past this place twice before seeing it. I'm not sure why: there's a sign that clearly marks it, but it just wasn't where I was expecting it to be. The entrance is on the parking lot side of the shops on Lake, immediately off of Del Mar.
One of the best places to go see a concert EVER.  They always have a great line up and some impressive names.  I've seen the Hot Hot Heat play here like 3 times.  They also encourage local band to come play, my friends play there every once in a while downstairs and they put on a really good show.  I've never been for food, only for rocking.
There's no option for zero stars?  Ugh, worst falafel I've ever had.  Cold, dry, disgusting. 

Chicken shawarma wrap was full of mayonnaise?  Gross.
As I was wandering around in a frenzy trying to find a decent, non-leprous tuxedo rental for a last-minute Debauchery Festival, I happened upon this pleasant little nook in Pasadena. The Owner Himself took my order behind the old-school counter....the entire vibe somewhat schizo: homey as you first enter and kind of greasy-spoon-esque when you venture further inland. 

The establishment has been around for some time now, and it shows. The owner is hospitable enough, but most of decor is self-aggrandizing. I get it, I'm already in your spot. I tried the pita chips and chicken curry. Nothing too special, I could taste a lot of sodium. 

Make sure you sit right by the window, underneath the TV. That surreal experience itself was worth the price of admission.
I should've written my review way back when I visited Beirut back in September last year.  I just found my notes and am actually pretty embarrassed that I didn't write it sooner.  This little hole-in-the-wall, is a family run establishment.  It is TRULY a hole-in-the-wall, where service is as honey dripping sweet as their home made baklava.  Everything is made fresh, everyday, portions are healthy and you feel very welcome and at home!  We ordered almost everything on the menu, and still couldn't get enough!  The owner spent quite time talking with us about his family history (I kept asking!), his ties back to MA and a very well recognized jeweler he is related to, the art work and his children.  Extremely friendly folks, who put their heart and soul into their meals.  They serve a garlic excessive yogurt sauce that would make cardboard edible and keep dracula away for a week, and man, we couldn't get enough of it - we dipped FRIES in it!  Their lentils are fantastic, as were the falafel, lamb, salad, rice and other items on our table.  We literally sampled almost EVERYTHING on the menu, for a fraction of any of our normal meals.  It is a no frills "cafeteria-style" place, plastic utensils and paper plates people! where the food is awesome, flavorful, inexpensive and service is warm and friendly!  So why is it a 5 star in my book?  Because you can't beat the value and the soulfulness of simple food really well made, exceptionally well made, that has the character and the passion of the people that cook for you and take your business to heart.  Yes, even I can find 5 star dining in a hole in the wall.  And I'm glad I did - this is GREAT Lebanese food, served and prepared by some really down to earth people!
There's no place like Algiers.
It's kind of cruddy and in a constant state of flux, yet it's a nice place to chill out and have a nice cup of authentic Moroccan mint tea.
Located just above the Brattle theater, It is a load off your feet in the middle of a long day on the hard Cambridge streets... shopping!
The menus here are the exact same, decaying partially laminated green ones that were here over a decade ago when I was in college in the area.  I like that they haven't changed... and neither has the decor, or the over-educated crowd.  But there are a lot more laptops around today.  I'll keep coming back for the tea, the unique character, and the decent service... (By decent, I mean harried but polite with a long wait... which is just fine when you just want to get off your dogs for a bit.)
Tip: Sit upstairs.
I enjoy punishing my body. Its one of the privileges of youth. Thus, it shouldn't be surprising that hookah is a favorite pastime of mine. There's just something so relaxing in chilling with your friends and letting yourself sink into that growing cloud of smoke rising up around you. 

Which is probably why my experience at this place was a big fat MEH. Service leaves a lot to be desired. When the first thing the waiter says when you sit down is "There's a $10 dollar min charge per person", that should be a warning sign. When the waiter keeps repeating it all night even though we kept saying "no sir...we'll be here for a while...we'll order more stuff later..don't worry", thats another warning sign. When the waiter stops serving our table after we hit that precious $10/person mark, thats when you understand why Habibi is ridiculous enough to charge mandatory 15% gratuity to parties 2 OR MORE. I don't think they'd get any tips otherwise. 

It doesn't help this place either that the place is ridiculously loud. This place BLASTS its music to that wonderful level where you can only hear half the words spoken to you. Pray you grab one of the few tables outside or you might not be able to claim that hookah calm you crave.

Overall, the service and the atmosphere killed it for me. If you have a friend with a hookah in their apartment, go there instead. You'll prob enjoy yourself a lot more.....and be able to enjoy a nice drink with it (Habibi only has non-alcoholic beer...that tastes like Coors Light...honestly..whats the point of that?)
This place is a classic that has been around for years. I think the falafels are good and they tailored down the menu to a couple selections. There are many options to do for the vegetarian plate (5 choices). I do think it has dropped off a little in the past couple of years. The chips are classic, but greasy (I think the oil glows in the dark!) The chicken and lamb are good...if you get the salmon, be ready to wait...This is a good value for something fast and tasty.
Soft pita bread, absolutely perfect felafel and a clean self-serve salad bar to top it off. All the ingredients were fresh and the prices were spot on. Takes a 5 - 10 min wait for your food but well worth it. Lost a star for the lack of tabolie, but that's the only flaw I could find.
Right near a bus stop, I thought it'd be convenient to stop in for some falafel, as I love it and rarely have it.  I ordered a falafel sandwich.  

First off, they took so long to make a simple sandwich that I nearly missed my bus.  It was at least 15 minutes, maybe 20, and no, the place was not inordinately busy.

Second, they only accept cash for orders under $15.  This is annoying, yet not worthy of the one star.

Why the one star rating?  I finally got my sandwich to go and ran to catch my bus I was about to miss.  When I got to my destination and bit into my sandwich I found NO FALAFEL.  Nada.  Zippo.  It was simply hummus and veggies.  I distinctly said falafel sandwich, paid the price for a falafel sandwich, and when the counter woman handed me the sandwich she said "miss, here's your falafel sandwich."  They totally gypped me!  Don't ever go here!
Ah Brookline.  I head here more weeks on Saturday before the crowds come at 10:30am.  Manal and the family greet me and the other regulars by name, and we catch up with each other while I figure out my order (always ask about the specials).  It's a homely place, with warm exposed brick, lots of booths, and big open kitchen at the back where the husband Jamal cooks up a storm.

The omelets here put to shame any I've had anywhere else.  Seriously.  They see me through until dinner, and are stuffed with all kinds of goodness.  They're served with home fries that have whatever is the veg of the day mixed in with them (usually a combination of bell peppers, onions, asparagus, broccoli...).  They also come with toast and homemade jam.  I've tried to get the recipe for the jam from Manal, but even to a seasoned patron like me it's a secret.  I'm ok with that.  And I make sure to get a side of it every time I'm there.  Their special hot sauce is also definitely worth trying on the omelets and benedicts.  

I've see a few reviews about the slow service here, and at busy times it can be slow due to lack of staff, but I encourage you to see that as a feature not a bug.  Take time to relax and enjoy the ambiance of the place and your friends.  If you need to be in and out in a hurry, definitely don't come here after 10:30am on a weekend.

They've been working out a new pancake recipe in the last few months, and I like what they've settled on.  It's not too fluffy, with I think some wheat flour mixed in.  yum yum.  You can go wrong here, and you can go very very right.
Even though the parking lot was huge, I had a lot of trouble finding a space and ended up parking on the street.  But that has nothing to do with the food....

I've been wanting to try this place for a long time simply because I love mediterranean food. So you can imagine how excited I was to actually  make it here while it was still open! I love everything about this place... from the simple hole in the wall decor, to the crowd,  to the ghetto eating area. It just screams "The food here is delicious!." 

I ordered the lamb kabob plate and it was awesome. My bf ordered the chicken kabob plate and that was delicious as well. Tender and juicy and every flavorful on both dishes.  I can't even remember everything that came with it, but it was both filling and well worth the parking drama and plus some. With two cokes on the side, everything came out to be a whopping $18.75! SOOOO WORTH IT. Definitely coming back.

digs: the food
not so much: business hours are not every convenient for people who don't work or live around the area. 
last thoughts: just go try it! You'll find it next to chipotle and wahoos (but on the backside).
Overall, I had a delicious steak pita, but it was quite annoying to eat. The way it works is that they give you the pita with the meat (pretty fast too, within 5 minutes), then you fill it up at the "greens" bar with anything you want -- tomato, cucumber, lettuce, onions, etc. and with hummus and/or white sauce (I think it's tzatziki). Their veggies were really fresh, and the pita was freshly made, warm and little bit crispy. The steak was well seasoned but a little hard to chew. 

But the problem with piling all the veggies and sauce on top, is that you'll only be eating a pita with veggies with sauce in the first half, and then you're left with only pita and meat with no sauce in the second half. I went back to the bar to add more white sauce but technically you're not supposed to use the bar more than once (according to their sign!).

Another thing is that it's very messy to eat. Even though I tried to be careful, I still had I had pieces of cucumber, tomato and steak falling out of my pita. The steak pieces were also quite big and not tender enough to bite through easily, so if you bite into the corners of two pieces, you'll pull both of them out and likely drop at least one because you can't fit it all in your mouth. Annoying!
This use to be one of my regular lunch spots.  I fell in love w/their 1/4 chicken w/greek salad combo and ate it religiously for awhile.  Then I was introduced to Zankou Chicken.  Nonetheless, I still have my punch card for Pita Pita and they still have great salads...
I am a fan of this place. I came here once before a lecture at Kane Hall. I was running late, and service was still fast, friendly, and tasty. I ordered a a beef gyro, lentil soup, and shared a plate of humus and naan with friends. The place is a little small, but as are many of the restaurants on the ave.  If you're looking for good eats, at a steal price, come to Cedars.
This is my favorite place to go after (or before!) a night in central square. Their chicken shawarmas go very nicely with a post-zuzu's buzz. This is definitely not the place to bring a first date, although I have shared many delicious meals here with my favorite people. They have a vegetarian friendly menu, as well as chicken and beef kababs for you fellow carnivores. My friends and I like to play the "guess the city" game with the photos hanging on the walls, although it's hard to differentiate some of the old middle eastern cities apart. As I mentioned the chicken shawarma earlier, let me just say, it is fantastic. Very very delicious.
However it is rather small and sometimes there's a line which makes things a little claustrophobic if you're sitting inside. Also, you will probably leave smelling like grilled food, which could be either a good thing or a bad thing depending on personal preference of course.
$4.50 for fresh falafal on pita with fixings. Perfectly done.
Great pita bread.
Good service.
Reasonable price.
Poor atmosphere.
Great falafel, HUGE pockets. yum yum yum. The tzatziki is also very good. 
Too bad i live in Texas!
Four stars for the price....$3.50 for a falafal sandwich is freaking awesome.  Bang for your broke-ass buck.  Service is always excellent.  

Three stars for the taste.  Like many of the places in the U-district, it's solid, cheap, but not great.  

There's an identical Mediterranean restaurant across the street with slightly better food.  Same prices and nearly identical menu.  Spy vs. Spy scenario...there can be only ONE!
omg! i'm in love with this place!!! i 1st saw this on a food channel and right away, i did the research.   i've tried the beef kabob thingy and that wuz tasty but i always order the half chicken plate. comes with the breast and wing chicken, tomatoes and purple pickles of some sort, awesome hummus with pitas, and the garlic paste i'm not 2 crazy about.  that looks kinda like lard.  the price is great and the service is pretty quick, not 2 friendly but who cares cuz this place is not a waiter/ waitress kinda restaurant. my mouth is watering as we speak...
the owner stands outside the restaurant, leaning on his rolls royce.


that gets 2 stars alone.

other than that, 'retarded'.
this place sucks, and i felt like hurling afterwards -i had half my chicken wowshee and had to stop after that.

the pita was doughy.  the toppings were eh.  the white sauce made me feel sick.  

i guess this place is for poor college students.  but seriously, sunin is so much better, so i would just hitch a ride with a friend if you are craving mediterranean...
Avacado Falafel pita and a smoking warning.
The falafel--still warm inside from the falafel balls, but with the cool avacado, tomato, shredded cabbage, and tahini and humous. This is superior to any I've ever had, with just the right amount of filling in the pita-- not too much so it comes splooging out like others. Also got the Turkish Delight (described by another reviewer as "baklava")--walnut and pistachio-- the former is outstanding, the latter is flavorless--these come in huge squares. The only downside to this experience was that the woman cashier, who was friendly and well-spoken, took a smoking break in the back of the store! We hurried out--fortunately we were almost done eating!
During the past year, this little spot on Neil transformed from Jack's Grill into Holy Land Grill.  Many of the dishes (mostly the kebabs, falafel, hummus, etc.) have remained the same, but some new items are now served, including grilled quail, lamb, kibbeh, and many appetizers.  

I have to admit that the restaurant's interior is much improved over Jack's Grill, but still quirky.  If I plan to dine in, I enjoy coming for a late lunch or early dinner when few patrons are around because the restaurant's TV will play fun music videos from another country (I assume Jordan, as it's the home country of the owner...?).  There are only a few tables available, though most of these tables (which are an '80s-inspired turquoise) seat only groups of 6 or more--not the most efficient use of an already limited space.  

There seems to be a fairly high turnover of wait staff here, and most appear to struggle through their tasks.  I usually don't sweat it, though, since I often get my food to-go.

As for the food, my friends and I usually share a plate of hummus and baba ganoush before our meal.  While the hummus is always delicious (topped with a layer of olive oil and paprika), the baba ganoush is a bit too gray and slimy for me.  During random visits, we've sometimes received a free appetizer that consists of fried pita chips and chunks of pickled eggplant (much better than the baba ganoush, in my opinion).  However, I haven't been able to figure out a pattern in why we're given this free appetizer on some days and not others (maybe when we've brought along particularly charming girls...?).  The other discrepancy I've encountered is the lack of grilled onions and tomatoes on my plate when I order entrees, though the menu claims that these items are included with the meals.  I won't complain too much about the veggies, though, because I am extremely fond of the other side dish served with the entrees, a spiced rice with chopped almonds and parsley.  

While vegetarians can enjoy a few great dishes here, the real treat is...the meat!  Both the steak and chicken shish kebabs are almost always a bit dry and tough, but the steak ones compensate with great flavor.  Personally my favorite entrees to order are the meat shawarma and shish tawook.  People rave about the grilled quail, and while I agree that it is well-seasoned, I am usually annoyed with all the bones in those tiny birds!

This hearty food is a bargain for lunch.  Many of the half-portion entrees and sandwiches are less than $6.  Dinner prices are also fairly reasonable as the portions are generous.

While waiting for takeout orders, I've casually spied on the cooks as they work behind the counter.  I like their technique for fanning the charcoal to life: a hair-dryer!  I can also tell they put a lot of gentle care in their grilling and food preparation.  Nevertheless, there is usually quite a wait for both a table and meals, which is troublesome if you are rushed or planning to stay for a meal on your lunch break.  If you want to enjoy food from Holy Land, my advice is to just order by telephone in advance.
One of my favorite places to eat ever! I used to live closer to Providence, but I am willing to make the trip to Providence.

There is nothing one the menu that isn't great to eat. They have a vegetarian section which makes them awesome.. They have the best falafel I have ever had (and I've eaten plenty!). Their lentils and rice are great and seasoned perfectly. Also try the Baba ghanoush and baklava. 

Prices are great, great hours and all the food is fresh. The service is always friendly and they make your food perfect to order. I would come once a week if i lived closer!
Food was decent. We caught the lunch special they are running this month for $5. It was well worth it, but I don't think I would be worth laying out $20+ per plate for dinner. It is basic, clean and decent food.
The architecture of the place is very nice. They have a good selection of food, but it's not really so great. The service is extremely slow, so you will be waiting unless you wave down your waitress whenever you see her. The waitstaff is nice, but they don't volunteer information, nor are overly friendly. They now have a liquor license if you are looking for a glass of wine. Watch out for their wobbly tables. I've had more than friend spill her drink because of them.
I used to love this place so much and I still really like them to survive and go back to high quality, but I think they will be gone in less than a year if they continue lowering their quality.
First they stopped serving the free babaganooj eggplant, OK, fine! 
Also the amount of meet in their dishes is shrinking, you get the large shish kabab and they give you huge pile of colorful but tasteless rice, while the meat is not enough even for a 10 years old kid and there is not even a single piece of parsley or tomato in the dish to add some visual appeal. 
Meat was small even before, but now it is really tiny pieces. For a very short time they offered choice of vegetables instead of rice which was really nice, but they stopped it and now we are stuck with the pile of rice again. Tabouli is supposed to be made mainly from vegetable (parsley I think), but their is mainly made from cous cous, a type of grain!
Their Kufta sandwich used to have some tomato,vegetables or pickles inside, but now only onion and Tahini which makes it bland.
The result: I used to go there twice a week, now once every 2-3 months.


Update March 2012:  As expected they closed. Sigh!
Not the first time I have been to Byblos, I actually have been coming here on and off for several years.  I will not be back again though.  After being there a little over an hour the waitress approached us to say that we had to buy a "refill" on the hookah for at an additional cost or she would have to bring us the check.  After speaking with a few staff members about this I got told that this was due to health reasons and some state regulations.  I should note that the lounge up stairs had be maybe six guests, roughly 10% of capacity, so it is not like people were waiting for seats at all.  
Before Byblos expanded, the one hour time limit did not exist.  Relaxing was encouraged.  I spent as long as three hours at Byblos one time and enjoyed every minute just because of the laid back atmosphere.  Too bad that is gone.
I should note a few other concerns; seats can now be reserved, kind of like VIP at trendy clubs, so those without reservations do not have a choice of where they sit per se.  The sections that were reserved while we were there were never occupied.  Wait staff is inept.  I feel bad saying it as the girls probably haven't received any training so this isn't their fault, but the girl who helped me (had been working there for six months) did not even know the full menu of tobacco flavours, nor did she know to put the wind guard on the top of the hookah (keeps the hot coals safely on the hookah and controls the burn of the tobacco), I had to ask her to put it on.
It is clear that Byblos is now more about making big dollars and less about customer service and quality.  I asked to speak to the owner, who I remember to be a very nice guy who always shook my hand when I came in, but he was at the other location according to one of the staff I spoke to.  I hope he reads this and at leasts trains his young staff properly and thinks twice about imposing unreasonable time limits on patrons.  I don't mind spending the money, but not when I feel rushed.  This is Providence after all, not New York.
I came here because of all the great reviews, but I was really disappointed.  The chicken in the chicken wowshi  was really overcooked and chewy.  I liked being able to choose my toppings, but the bar set up was really messy.
The Best!  Able to book the best bands/artists of the moment, perhaps only rivaled by The Paradise in Allston. Definitely happening. Makes one proud to live in Cambridge.
My friend wanted us to come here. So I figured alright. I wanted my usual Mediterranean Cafe on Lake, but this is fine.

I got a chicken kabob ($12) meal and it was HUGE. It takes 15 min longer to make, so I was the last to get it.

You get hummus, salad, and pita with each meal. ASK FOR EXTRA GARLIC. The garlic and the food is delicious and I saved half of my meal for dinner. Big portions.

FOOD:
Good food. The taste wasn't oily (I thought it'd be oily) and the flavors were good.

SERVICE:
Attentive and they give you extra pita and garlic if asked.

Downside:
My friend asked for some pita and the lady grabbed the pita using a receipt!!! EWWW! Lady... use gloves or ask the guys who had gloves to grab it. -_- Come on now.

OVERALL: If you don't ask for stuff, the food is good. GOOD CHICKEN!
Oh Zankou Chicken - it's you who makes me miss LA the most! 

The plates here are absolutely stuffed to the brim with delicious, moist & tender food.

If I wasn't so intent on having leftovers for the next meal, i'd be decent and share with the people i'm eating with - but it's not going to happen.

You just order, and wait for your number. It's a little bit of torture seeing people eat here, more so than any other restaurant while you wait because of HOW aromatic the food is, and the kitchen is so open you are just eyeballing everything. Not that it's a long wait - I find it's really great timing every visit, it's just how hard it is to see all that delicious food until you have some in your possession.

You should really stop by here and get yourself a platter of food. You'll be impressed, full and hooked.
I was looking around for a good place to eat in between our eye exam apptmts and found out about this place.  They really are fast with the orders.  I ordered quite a bit and waited less than 5 minutes.  

Got the chicken kebob plate, beef kebob plate, chicken shawerma plate, a falafel wrap, and a side order of falafels.  LOVE their falafels and the beef kebob plate.  The chicken was okay.  It probably would have tasted juicier had we eaten it at the restaurant.  I liked everything about the plates since it's got a salad, yummy hummus, rice, and the best garlic spread.  I like it a lot better than Zankou's garlic spread.  

Next time, I'm getting the beef kebobs again and the falafels.  Sooo good.  Pretty cheap prices too.  Thanks fellow yelpers for a great find.
I love this place!! Great portion size and it's always fresh. I love the homemade hummus too! I highly recommend it.
4 stars for friendly service and reliably good and cheap food.
Their sandwiches are delicious, and I have always liked going in here to grab one.  Unfortunately, I ordered their Kings Plate as a take out for my husband and was REALLY disappointed with how it ended up being.  Its supposed to be a mix of meats, rice, hummus and salad.  And it ended up being mostly rice with 3 slivers of gyro meat, maybe a half breast of chicken and a small spoonful of hummus.  I'll go back for the sandwiches, but I'm not paying $12 for a carton of rice again.
After a dreadful movie next door, and a freezing day, Algiers is exactly what I needed!!  The smell of mint tea when I walked in the door took me back to Morocco.  The lamb kebab sandwich was delicious, and the atmosphere was amazing!  This is my new place to go for old world/North African charm and delightful food.  Can't wait to go in the summer to sit on the porch.
This place offers up casual service of the sun-drenched flavors of the SE Mediterranean. Even though you are probably not too safe in Beirut or some of the the surrounding cities anymore, you are certainly safe at this Jerusalem.  : )    Walk right past the construction barriers on 5th Ave (circa March 2012) and you are there.

The trifecta of SE Med flavors for me are Hummus, Baba Ghanoug, and either Falafel or Kibbeh. So I had a Kibbeh platter with the previous two items and the yogurt/cucumber "dip" was supplied with the Kibbeh balls.
The Kibbeh balls were not greasy and had perfect texture and flavor. The lamb came through, but it's gaminess was not overpowering. 
The chunky cucumber was perfect with the Kibbeh. And you could dip it or just eat it. I did both.  : )
The Baba was spot on, and perhaps a little more garlic laden than the norm. Fine by me. The roasted garlic and eggplant flavors were turning my pale Anglo Saxon skin an olive brown. lol  
The Hummus was creamy and perfect. It was thin enough to dip but still thick enough to control without spilling it all over. This is a hard thing to get right, so I appreciate it.  
The only things I could critique here are the thinish and served-cold pita, and the use of Frank's Red Hot as a hot sauce. I liked both things okay. But I prefer pillowy soft and warm pita. And for me, the hot sauce should be Sambal Oelek or something similar... but I submit that is not of the same origin as the food. 
Great place.
This lebanese restaurant is awesome and despite it's business-lunch type of hours, it offers very authentic, healthy food. The chefs must be doing something right because their falafel aren't too greasy and are just right. Their salads are refreshing, their kefta well cooked and their kebabs full of flavor. Their stuffed grape leaves are very tasty as well.

Your best bet at this place is too get a plate or sampler since they are much better means of getting a real flavor experience there since the bread in the sandwiches could take that away a bit and could mask the flavors. The portions are just right as well. Not small but not gigantic either. You will leave happy.

The staff there is great and the prices are decent. Overall it's an awesome which is becoming quite famous in the area.
Beirut has changed owners recently and rebranded from "Albaraki", which has another restaurant in Albany, I believe. Its family owned and run, and its wonderful to hear the owner's stories of Lebanon.

They have a standard Lebanese menu. I'm vegetarian, and their falafel, hummus, and grape leaves are excellent. My friends who have gone and had the chicken and beef dishes also report that it is very good. They have a small lunch buffet during lunch hours that offers a half dozen or so dishes in an all-you-can-eat fashion, and some of the soups and other non-menu dishes they offer during this time are great.

The food is rather cheap, especially for the quality and volume you receive. The decor and atmosphere is low-key and casual. The one thing that prevents me from bringing my friends in more often is the paper dining-ware. Styrofoam plates and plastic forks really shouldn't be used, though its understandable with only 2 people usually working. I'd like to see them expand and add more employees, better tables and chairs, and actual dishware in the future. I still very much enjoy their food and often make the trip down the hill from RPI to grab lunch.
I had the stuffed grape leaves and chicken kabob pita combo the last time I was here. The grape leaves were good - slightly tart and savory with olive oil. The chicken in my pita was dry, although the seasoning was good. Also, I think they could have a better side than a bag of plain Lays. Overall, I'd go again, but I'd probably opt for a different pita. Also, try the Turkish coffee.
The Good: beautiful historic location with lovely romantic middle eastern furnishings.

The Bad: The Arabic coffee was just bleck. And it isn't like I'm not familliar with Arabic coffee. This coffee was just poorly executed.

The Ugly: I came in for breakfast and had eggs and pita bread, etc.
The eggs were over cooked and ice cold with no flavor. And don't get me started on what they charged me for that!

 ::sigh::

It is possible I just really came in on the wrong day and ordered the wrong things, but I'm just not impressed. 
That said, I loved the atmosphere enough that I'm willing to give it another shot.
Whenever I'm in the mood for falafel, I come here. Although I've rarely come across a falafel I didn't like, this place definitely serves some good sandwiches. The chicken schwarma is also delicious. I don't like sitting inside, since it's pretty cramped and lacks any sort of style, but the outdoor seating is nice (although random things may fall onto your plate from the large tree that hovers over you). Overall, one of my favorite staple restaurants in Ann Arbor.
Everything was ok. Will eat there again if I get bored, but no big reason to go back.
I enjoy this bar/night club. Both the up and downstairs venues have their charm. The downstairs room is the bigger of the two, but still small considering. It's ultra low ceiling and narrow floor make the place feel really intimate. Beer prices are average and start around $3 for a pint of Gannset or PBR. The upstairs venue is much smaller. Almost feels like you're hanging out with a bunch of dudes in a closet. I know reading that it sounds terrible but it really is a fun room to see a show in despite some serious proximity issues.  The restaurant is ok. They serve middle eastern fare (duh) at a reasonable price.  All in all this place makes for a pretty good night
the food here is amazing. the veggie combo plate is the way to go if you're a vegetarian. you can basically get four things, any of their vegetarian options, and it comes with two pitas. the hummus is amazing. it's affordable and the employees are always very helpful and friendly. as others have noted, definitely check that they're open before you go.
I wasn't all that impressed with the lamb shawarma.  I've never had one before, so I don't know how it compares to others, but nonetheless, I have a feeling there are better lamb shawarma's to be found.
we had lamb cheeseburgers with mint yogurt.  great service, wonderful food.  Just as it has been for many many years!
A little pricey, but great coffee and vibe at Algiers. Went here on a hot summer day with my friends to get iced coffee. The iced mint mocha was just right (I worked as a barista for years and I'm pretty picky). On the second floor there is a tiny porch off to the side. It doesn't get much better than drinking a delicious iced coffee with friends on a nice porch in Harvard Square.
I like their chicken.  It's always tender and juicy.  If you like spicy food, try their spicy chicken plate.  It's really tasty with a nice kick.
I really like their gyros and lamb wraps for lunch. Fast service, great prices and good tasty  food. It has a mom and pop feel to it and I like the friendly dude who makes the gyros. They will amp up the spiciness if you request it. I often phone in my order and do a quick stop-grab-and-go before the meter police can swoop in for a parking ticket.
Its a nice late night hangout place. I guess the main attraction would be the owner. He seems to enjoy watching over his business day in day out. If you're hungry I recommend Kushari and Sahlab to sweeten it up. Never think about ordering Knaffeh. Its horrible. Food quality is not that good. I never go there for Hookah but I recommend grape or apple (Al Fakher) depending on your taste.
So when I heard that the previous halal restaurant was closing and in its place was to be a Tex-Indian restaurant, my "foodie feelers" stopped moving all together.  I filed it away as useless info.  And moved on.  Until... the adventurer got the better of me (and I'm glad it did).  

Krazi Kebob is great.  The premise, which I'm sure you've heard is Chipotle meets traditional Indian eats.  There is the food line with the spicy and mild chicken or beef, the veggies, the rice, the beans, the sauces.  

Now I've tried it both ways: a little Indian, a little Tex-Mex or go all one way.  What I've found is sticking true to their Indian roots is best: spicy chicken in the freshly made naan.  That's the stuff!

Plus, it doesn't hurt UM employees get 15% off.  WHAT!
Fresh, wholesome, tasty food at reasonable prices.  And super friendly staff to boot.
right after I ate this, I had the worst stomachache ever, I felt like I was going to die.
Chicken wrap is very good, as is the hummus. i didnt love the falafel honestly. it was too garlicky and very very crispy. there is a place in boston that is better with this. the baklava could use more syrup in my opinion but is still good. i only like the traditional trangle, not the other ones I tried. overall the food here is good.
I've been eating there for more than a decade.  It's my favorite middle eastern food.  Everything there is excellent.  The spicy Thai wrap is one of my favorite foods anywhere.
I think something happened to this place, because it seems to have gone downhill...I only tried the chicken shawarma...too dry....not a lot of flavor. Just not good. This place is probably ideal for those stumbling out of central square bars at 2 am...but I would never come here again...I'd rather drive farther to reef cafe (which is incredible) or of course shawarma king. 

I was also aggravated when I was there, there were a ton of people waiting and someone who came in after me and ordered a chicken shawarma got hers before mine....annoying, they should use a number system, but they didn't seem to care. they could be friendlier. 

Oh and as for the pickles, that is fairly standard shawarma content...unfortunately, the shawarma i had here seemed to contain none of the spices contained in real shawarmas.
Things here have taken a turn for the worst.  Appears to be under new ownership.  Interior has been renovated.  Prices have gone up.  Portions are smaller.  The owner is very rude. I used to come here very regularly on my commute home.  Revisited today after an 8 month gap.  I'll try again just to verify but what I experienced wasn't good.  Terrible mushy falafel and flavorless chicken shawarma.  It's always a bad sign when all of the meat is precut off the spit and laying in a warming tray.  Oh, did I mention that the owner is very rude.
Lamb here is good. Lunch is better than dinner with lower price and more choices.
$4.00 for a falafel sandwich or a "healthy" lentil and rice sandwich. Way better deal than a $5.00 footlong. I always get the sandwich without onions because I find they overpower the other flavors. That said, I suggest you ask for hot sauce -- it's not on the menu, but whatever that green stuff is, it's real good. 

Also, make sure you get plenty of tahini. Delicious.

My favorite place on the Ave for a quick, cheap lunch. Just walk up to the window, place your order, and wait 5 minutes.

I can't speak for the meat, but people seem to enjoy the lamb here.
I haven't been to Ann Arbor in 3 years...and I still cannot find a place that makes schwarma like Jerusalem Garden. The Hummus is fresh, the meat is well cooked and delicious. 

I recommend for a nice lunch or dinner.
This one time, at Bella Pita, I stuck a black bean wowshi in my mouth. It felt good.

Another time, at Bella Pita, I stuck a falafel pita in my mouth. It felt gooder.

Yet another time, at Bella Pita, the cook/cashier saw me and ran out the back door. I stood for 15 min waiting for him to return. He didn't. It made me sad. So I came back the next day. He gave me another black bean wowshi. I stuck it in my mouth. It felt good again.
I found where they put all my Grandma's old furniture!!  

Tom's Tabooley was nothing like I expected.  I expected a non-descript little place with vinyl chairs and plain formica tables.  Instead I walked into Grandma's basement and I couldn't have been happier!  The place is chock full of an eclectic mix of garage sale finds, comfy chairs and couches, old kitchen tables and even a shelf full of old games to play while you hang out.  

The staff was amazingly friendly and accommodating.  We had fallafel and a chicken wrap which were all pretty decent and a good amount of food for the price.

I did lose at the game Operation though.  Humph.  That game is why I never aspired to became a surgeon.
   
I'll be back Grandma!
Meh indeed. 
I mean, don't get me wrong, no one was rude, nothing was dirty 
(except for the top of my soda, so I was like "Can you rinse this for me?" and the guy said "Ok" and his boss says "Just grab another" And I was like "I want this one rinsed" 
and so it was rinsed off)

They answered my questions, it was not expensive, it was edible.the soda was $1.25
And that's why two stars. There did not appear to be a restroom.
I would go back if I were hungry again, but more likely I would walk ten blocks up to Veg Out over who's food I drool.
ugh
The food here is fantastic and the prices are normal-to-cheap for Ann Arbor. Falafel is the best (and greenest!) in town, by my estimation.
Am forced to see alot of bands I like at this glorified neighbors dingy basement of a venue for lack of other like sized venues in the area. Intense pat downs like you were visiting Uncle Charlie at the local pen not only your first trip in but every time you step out to rest and refrsh yourself from the oppressive heat and hippy sweats the condensates down off the ceiling like wook rain
5 stars just because there are tons of bad yelps and Habibi Cafe doesn't give a damn about it. They are full house night in night out.
After all, isn't it nice to be yelp free business, more power to them.
the food was pretty good.  Only reason i gave 3 stars was because the beef kabob and the lamb was pretty dry.  their baklava is really really good though!!! Maybe i went on a bad day.  i'll probably try it again tho just to make sure! =) i love greek food!
Quick & inexpensive Middle Eastern food. I needed a quick something yesterday after walking all around downtown Ann Arbor and the Chicken Shawarma sandwich was a great choice. Definitely will be back there when I visit A2 again.
Best coffee house I've been to in greater Boston.  Let me explain why.  

Classically, a coffee house is a place where people congregate to drink (coffee, tea, sometimes wine and aperitifs), smoke, get high (as in "brown" cafes), listen to music, read, talk, create (much of the art of the "belle epoque" was created or inspired in cafes), philosophize, pioneer new social trends, and occasionally hatch revolutions!

Transposing this to the 21st century, and to Boston (where you can't smoke or get high, unfortunately), it translates roughly to a place where: 
* you spend more time than barely necessary to consume a drink 
* you go there as a ritual, it's a low-fat high-intensity substitute to watching TV. 
* there's social significance: you can talk to anyone around you, meet people who are different from you, see the same faces periodically, and be seen by the same people as well (may be not quite where "everybody knows your name", but close) 
* There's a sense of community: patrons are mostly local, not transient tourists! 
* There's an artsy component in the atmosphere: music, paintings, loud discussions... 
* it's crowded -- because people are having a good time and no one wants to leave, yet somehow you can always squeeze in and find a spot. 
* there's good coffee, perhaps with a dash of rum, the dude behind the counter understands that making coffee goes beyond pushing a button, and they stay open late.

Algiers serves excellent coffee and tea.  I also liked the dessert and the light meals.  The atmosphere is a world apart from that of typical cookie-cutter cafes in town.
Went here yesterday, LOVED the food! Indian, Pakistani, Mexican in one! Try the potato naan! The place looks great with the red and yellow hues, nice table areas, and friendly staff. Plus they have an online presence and give discounts to UMD folks with ID! My new favorite spot!
A little pricy but made their house kebob plate is excellent. You can order it as a greek salad (kebob over the salad) instead of the usually plate of rice or 50/50 rice salad for a healthy non carby option!
The chicken kebab sandwich might just be what I would order as my last meal.  The owners are a kind and courtly pair, and whenever I find myself anywhere near San Diego, I make a point of getting in to this place.
Good middle eastern food.  Very friendly staff (our waiter invited us to his daughters graduation party at the restaurant).  Prices were a little high and ambiance was lower class but over all a good experience.
I stumbled across this great spot while killing some time in an usually dead Downtown Ann Arbor with my family. The place was empty, but we're suckers for some good Lebanese eats so we walked in.

A great experience from top to bottom. Our server was super polite and quick and the food was great. Our finnicky 9 year old tried his first kafta here, and he loved it, as did I. Grilled perfectly, and seasoned well. It was beef,  but I wasn't missing the lamb. My fiance and her daughter split a dinner portion of Tawook, and still had lots of food left.

It should be noted that they will allow you to order lunch sized ( and priced) portions all day and night. I ordered  lunch portion of the combo platter, and got a HUUUUGE ammount of delicious food. 

The house made pita was perfect...crisp on the bottom, and light and airy throughout. And they keep it coming...no asking for more!

The pickles here are house made, and the best I've ever eaten. Spicy, crunchy and BIG. The garlic sauce was bright, a bit chunky and delicious, and the hommous had a generous splash of really bright green olive oil. Talk about guilding the lily. All in all, we left very full, and had a great meal, with friendly service at a decent price.
It took awhile to get my falafel wrap, and it was a freezing night, but what can I say?  The falafel was good -- loved how they warmed it up.  But like I said, it took kind of forever.  Turkish coffee was also tasty.  I can't wait to go again and sample the tabbouleh.  Oh, how I love thee, tabbouleh.  Thumbs way up.
this is a cool little falafel joint in cambridge. The food comes quick and the staff was pretty friendly. the Chicken wrap I got was a little on the light sight, and the falafels are okay, but not the crispy goodness I've come to love. 
I have to give props for a slightly sour tahini sauce that was a welcome change from the standard fair. 
As an odd twist, they only accept cash and debt cards.
Great place really probably some of the best greek food i have ever had. The garlic sauce by far is way better than Zankou's in my opinion. The meats very tender. The kefta and the chicken are very well cooked and i would recommend either one. The lamb to me was a little bit chewy but it still tasted good. The location of the place to me was hard to find considering I'm not to familiar with the pasadena area. But for excellent service great greek food Mediterranean Cafe is where its at!
Zankou is a chain and a concept, but most importantly, it is a set of recipes and cooking style that are just other-worldly.  I always get the platters that come with the healthful pickles and veggies (gotta eat em to balance the digestion), but they always serve ample amounts of the most divine garlic butter that ever graced this earth.  Slather that magic butter on a pita and you'll be in bliss.  In my view, it doesn't matter whether you're eating Chicken or shawerma.  The butter is the key.

They've sort of overlooked decor.  Probably they're too busy focusing on good food.  I'll take that any day.
Vampires have been everywhere. And people are so into them. Call me old school, but unless it's Brad Pit sucking my blood, I'm taking all measures to protect myself from vampires. Especially the one from Twilight, who sparkles in the sun. Hummus has the secret-- their hummus is so garlicky creamy delicious that you can devour the whole tub and walk around with a scent that repels the evils (and, unfortunately, your lover). 

P.S. best pita I've had in the city. Hands down. Warm, fluffy, delightful.
I just went to my first concert at the Middle East Downstairs - Mirah and Thao with The Get Down Stay Down were playing. The show itself cost $15 and I had to go through Ticketmaster (boo). Downstairs was just about everything I expected for a music club. There are two bars on opposite sides of the room, making it easy to grab drinks when lines back up at one during shows. There's seating along the edges of the room if you need to rest your tired legs after waiting and waiting for a show.  Definitely a fun place to see a show, I'd be back in the future. There's a parking garage on Green Street located behind The Middle East and for about 5 hours they only charged me $6.

Only downside were the drinks. $7 for a rasberry stoli and sprite. A little pricey for my taste but then again I wasn't going for the cheap beer. The bar excepts credit cards which was also nice incase you are running low on cash for the night.
This place isn't a bad place to eat in the trendy Rice Village area.  The Iskander Kebab is pretty tasty and the doner kebab is pretty good.  However, the parking sucks, and if you really like Turkish food, I would probably prefer Pasha for turkish food, and Pasha is also in the West U area...
I've seen shows both up and downstairs as well as eaten in the restaurant here. All around it is a good experience. Downstairs is great for live music, drinking and dancing. there is a cover, it's not terribly pricey usually though. upstairs sometimes has shows and is the restaurant. I haven't had too much of the food there, mostly just dessert and drinks. I wasn't thrilled with the honey cake, it was extremely sweet. I do recommend checking their list of music events if you are into live music.
I live across the street from Bella Pita and it's one of my favorite places to get a quick meal. The pita is freshly baked with the ingredients you order in it. My personal favorite is the chicken wowshi or the omlette... very fresh and tasty for the price. The condiments bar has something that will be to everyone's liking. I add pretty much all the sauces they have, such as the hummus, herb dressing, lemon, tahini, hot sauce, etc. Once again, this place is just great because its relatively cheap, healthy, and fresh. The owner is really nice, too. He gave me a free falafel with toppings on it once when I came here. 

Oh, and they are one of the rare places in West LA that sell Mexican coke aka coke in a glass bottle.. and that is just fantastic.
Normally, I'm a heavy meat-eater (we humans fought hard to get to the top of the food chain, I do what i can to keep us there), BUT, I find myself embracing the vegetarian options given the rich flavor of the dishes and in all honesty, the less than stellar experiences with a few of the meat infused options. It's not that the Falafel isn't good, it's ok, but I find myself much happier with the Tabouli, Foul, or even Veggie Combo. 

Given the less than strong performance in the meat category, I still remain a fan. The flavor in the food is amazing, but be warned, you need to gargle with about half a liter of Listerine before you plan on making out with anyone.
Yum!  Love the beef Souvlaki here!  Love the grilled and slightly charred flavour, love the rice pilaf, love the Greek salad, pita bread, Hummus, and garlic paste. 


A small, humble establishment, fast food, but it sure doesn't taste fast! 
- they're always grilling in the background, and there are always people here.  
Wish they were open later than 7PM when I get outta work though....

Besides that, I come here, like, every week!
Great food, prices and service!! Falafel, gyros and hummus are all fantastic! 
Highly recommend getting a side of hummus...you'll thank me!
The sweet lil dance gem of the MidEast complex, Zuzu is where it's at if you are in Central and looking for a party without the Top 40 insanity that can take over Boston. 

The nights have affordable covers and are completely diverse. Monday is a free live rock show around 10 with barside poster coloring (!) earlier in the evening. Tuesdays (BONA|FIDE), Fridays (Solid!), and Saturdays (Soul-le-lu-jah) will get you moving with everything from funk, dance, house, or soul plus all the lovely audio bits in between. Other highlights include bi-weekly Sunday movie nights and a monthly rap/hip hop Thursday.

Granted, it's a small space and on the popular nights the dance floor can get pretty comfy. But we're all there to escape the drama, so just go with the flow and lift those hands in the air (fun and on some evenings, neccessary).

Keep an eye out for their Mass Ave. patio seating to open up on warm days. Nothing like some falafel and a 'gansett to go with your Central Square people watching.
Since I'm a fatty and have been spoiled by large amounts of food all my life, I thought the portion sizes of their plates were a little small.  Don't get me wrong. . .you're full by the end, but I feel like they could maybe give a little more rice?  Or is it because they give pita so they cut back on the carbs?

Anywho, so my coworker, who is a BIG FOODIE recommended this place to me cos I was hoping to get some dinner on the table for my friend, who sticks it out in rush hour traffic to get to me after work.  I got him the steak plate.  HE LOVED it.  My coworker told me. . .if you want to CLOG YOUR ARTERIES EVEN MORE. . .take the garlic butter and pat it into the pilaf. . .let it melt in a delicious orgy over your rice kernels. . .and mmn, pure heaven.

The spicy red paste thingy they give you?  I'd like to think I can take heat, but damn, it has a kick to it.  It definitely left my tongue tingling and a little numb.  Pour it on the meat, with some buttery rice pilaf and a warm pita slathered richly with hummus. . .and I think you're good to go.

Like everyone else says. . .this place is very efficient and quick.  So try to make up your mind on what to order before you stand in line. . .no matter how long it is, cos it moves FAST.

BTW don't get the falafels. . .they're dry and hard.
*Review based on restaurant only*

My ex-roommate just moved to Central Square and I decided to take a chance on venturing out of my regular haunts in Southie.  At about 9 p.m. we headed here for dinner on the restaurant/bar side of the Middle East.  As we entered, we assumed we should just take our own seats since it seemed busy and after waiting we didn't see anyone (host-like).  The busser saw us sit, and he eventually gave us our menus.  (He was one of the nicest people there.)  

We ordered kabobs (beef and chicken).  I thought of my beef being chewy, but my roommate thought the chicken was some of the juiciest she's ever had.  The sides were good, the pilaf, the salad (the beans? that I put on my bread).  Our waitress was decent, seemed a little overwhelmed when a large party came in- but then left.  

I thought the music was way too loud, and I wasn't a fan of everyone at the bar standing around the dinner tables.  It was late, but not that late- and people were rowdy already.  If I was drinking and people were eating next to me, I wouldn't be leaning my body across their booth.  It was also FREEZING in there and they had the fans on.  As we were leaving, they had just turned on the heat.  Also, I went to the ladies room, knocked on the door, no one answered, and when I opened it, there was man peeing in the sink.  Um, hi and gross.

I gave it two stars, because I'd give the food another try at a different time of day, and I'd try the bar- when it's warmer.  There's hope.. somewhere.
This was Speedy Gonzalez faaaast service.  We got our food as soon as we ordered and BEFORE we could finish paying.  The serving size is plentiful and filling.  You'll see a lot of happy customers AND workers here.  The owner and servers give you this big smile and are delighted that you've come to them.
Friends had told me about this place and their must have 'Wowshi'.  Usually I just kept following my nose and heading to  In-N-Out and passed it by.  Well,  I finally tried it and I have to say it was good, I had the chicken wowshi and it was delicious. It's even kind of fun to fill your pita pocket full of lettuce, cucumbers, tomatos, tahini and more.  I would have no problems eating here as often as once a week, except that they really have no seating at their Gayley location and only a little bit at their Westwood Blvd one.
A curmudgeonly old served me my food.  He wasn't rude, but he was far from friendly.
I asked a fair question: "How many samosas do you get for $1?".  
He looked mildly perturbed and said, "One samosa, one dollar."
Then I said, "Okay, I guess they do things differently down here," in reference to how the nearby Vegenation food cart (which coincidentally is much better than this cart) gives you two slightly smaller samosas for the same price.
The man, having heard me mutter my comment, looked up and said something about his samosas being "fresh"...

Well, long story short, the samosas weren't fresh.  They were room temperature and were even slightly cool inside.  The filling was basically a mush of mainly potato, and the spices were less pronounced from Vegenation's samosas.  Lastly, the crust was thick and flavorless.  I suspect they were pre-made, frozen samosas.
AMAZING! I go here for lunch probably about twice a week. This place is amazing. Everything on the menu is delicious and a very good price! I really like the shawerma chicken either on a plate or in a wrap either way is great. I think the plates are a better deal because they come with a pita so you can just make your own wrap if you want to. The line always looks ridiculously long, but dont worry because it goes so fast; no joke at the time you order, you will get your food in less than 90 seconds.
I ate at Jerusalem Garden countless times when I lived in Ann Arbor.  I think they make the best falafel in Ann Arbor.  The vegetarian wraps are delicious, filling, and under $5.  

Seating is limited inside, but there is also outdoor seating in the summer.  Every time I have eaten there, the service has been pretty good.

If you're going back to work or class after eating here, make sure to bring some breathmints or gum.  :-)
Pretty solid all around. Prices are cheap, portions are good, and service is fast and friendly + it's open late, can't beat that. The schwarma and salads are great. The falafel is good but not the best I've had, think they could really use some improvement there seeing as though they call it falafel corner, but otherwise this place is a winner.
The bread they use for the gyros is what makes this place! and the great sauce and great meats. All around my favorite gyro place on the Ave.
Definitely get the tea (black, spiced persian tea served in glasses with sugar cubes.  why are sugar cubes so darn charming?)

tahjik (the rice at the bottom of the pot made with a little oil so it gets crunchy) was a little TOO crunchy.  i thought i might develop TMJ.
I agree with Kaylie D - pomegranate sauce was not as appetizing as i thought it would be.  In general, their saucy/stew dishes are on the milder (almost bland) side of the flavor spectrum.  

Though, i would just go for the decor.  The walls are covered in murals of Persian heroes and legends.  very cool.
Looks like I am not the only one that has had a problem with Habibi? I am used to Mediterranean and Middle Eastern restaurants but Habibi is just plain sketchy. You can't even blame it on the different culture!

The place has minimums per person! I came here at around 10 pm on a weekday night thinking that I will be able to burn an hour or an hour and a half until my other friends got out of their thing so we can meet up. We had just gotten dinner before and so we were not looking to spend much dough except on some hookah. We asked for tap water and they simply said that they had none in the entire restaurant. What? We got suckered into buying their bottled water which in all likelihood was their tap water. Two bottles of tap water and cognac hashish in their hookah for $30 was our bill. Also, we just dodged the 18% gratuity that they have if your party is three or more. What?!

That was the most expensive hour and a half that I had to burn! They had no credit card and kept trying to get us to buy their food even though we kept telling them that we just came from dinner! Also, they tried to get us to refill our bottled water coming out with more and more! Damn, I'm already getting nickled and dimed by your expensive ass hookah session, what more do you want from me? Now I can manage high cost when it comes with great ambiance, great service, or good food but when you have literally none of those things, you expect me to shell out?

The only saving grace was that the place is open late, had a nice college-aged guy that helped me with my hookah, had comfortable seating and background music, and there was hookah.
Fantastic food here. During the lunch time rush there are huge lines, but the staff is extremely efficient in working through it quickly. Even though they're fast, your order is piping hot and freshly made. You can even see them cooking behind the counter. It's hard for large groups to find a table but smaller groups only have to wait fit a few minutes. Their beef kabob plate is my favorite.
I love falafel but this was a let down. It's a lot of fun for a late night snack. I found their falafel a little too try and the service slow. 

The price was right though, so I guess you get what you pay for. It wasn't the worst experience I've only been once, so I might have to go again but as of now there are better places to get falafel.
Tasty lavish bread, and overall tasty fare can be found at Ali Baba. We grabbed take-out from here on the way home for dinner, since we were in a bit of a time crunch. The service was fast and the wait-staff very helpful and friendly. Food was great, we'll definitely be going back.
We had lunch at Ali Baba's and had three of the best vegetarian dishes (and we're *not* vegetarians!) we have eaten.  All three were tasty and well-made. And one, a spicy and sweet walnut pesto, was entirely new to us and good enough we need to learn to make it ourselves. My only complain is that the service was pretty random, but that's to be expected in a university area.
Great lunch spot!  I've been here a few times when grabbing lunch on my way between work sites and also when taking my sister shopping on the Ave.

The gyro sandwiches are delicious (I'm a huge sucker for the shaved doner lamb kebab meat).  The fries are crispy.  The falafel sandwich is enormous and with falafel done right (these are not hockey pucks).  The grilled veggie dish is surprisingly tasty and sprinkled with feta cheese.  The prices are fair, the counter-folk are really nice, and I've had good food regardless of whether I took it to go or sat down to eat.
Stopped by here to grab a bite to eat middle of the day on a wednesday. Really tiny place so I can imagine when it's busy, it gets packed. But for me, only a couple people so the wait was fine.

As for the food: absolutely delicious! I got the steak put and my girlfriend got the falafel pita, both excellent.  The steak was cooked superbly with great flavor.

My next visit in will have to try the wowshi. Watching it come out of the oven made me almost order one right then, but it'll have to wait. Excellent choice for quick bite!  (When it's not packed)
nice place to eat between classes
--Kama Sutra Butter Lamb Masala--

I never knew that lamb could taste like sex. 

I am new to Seattle and have been learning a lot in the past five months about this region's offerings and am pleased to have stumbled upon Cedars Restaurant on Brooklyn. A few weeks ago I ordered the lamb curry special at the Wild Ginger and although the meat was tender and spices balanced, they (the meat and spices) did not sing me into satisfaction, and in spite of the waiters' sincere praise of the dish, I was disappointed. So when my boss suggested that we order Lamb Butter Masala from the local Indian restaurant, while working late on a rainy Friday night, I agreed, but mostly because I was hungry and she was buying. As one must, I added Vegetable Pakora and Nan to the order.  Apprehensive about the Lamb in Seattle, I requested Vegetable Curry as a fall back plan. 

Disoriented by the crowd of chit-chatty patrons awaiting their turn at a table, and after elbowing my way to the take-out counter, I did not notice until returning to my car that I was carrying 2 large bags of food and only put $34 or so on the company credit card. This was a good sign. The smell of ginger, garlic, cilantro and curry inspired an even deeper hunger, and I ate all the Nan while driving the .5 miles back to the office. 

I picked a bottle of Ravenswood Zin (on sale) from QFC and although there was not a wine screw at the office, there was a toolbox. My brilliant and thirsty boss, with her Kiwi ingenuity, used power tools to drill a screw into the wine cork and then I took over with the prong side of a hammer and released the cork from its cramped servitude. By the time we had the wine open and paperwork moved off the conference table to sit down to uncover the take-out, it was still hot. 

This Lamb Butter Masala got me tangled up inside. All tantric and tantalized, my taste buds got wet. Salivating, I licked every last buttery drop and was left satisfied in a heap on the conference chair. My throat burned (in that good way) and my temples and collarbone were damp with sweat. I do not know enough about Indian fare to speak of the specific spices and flavors, but the details do not even interest me--I melted inside--that's all I know. 

I did not need the Vegetable Curry, nor did I get any more work done. With leftover rice to feed me through the week, I just sat in a heap for a wile, and then went home to take a cold shower.
who doesn't walk in the front door of algiers and immediately fall in love?  

undoubtedly the best place to grab a myriad of tasty warm drinks in the harvard sq, area.  

service can be slow, but sit back and relax for a minute and soak in a) the beautiful upstairs b) the sights of harvard sq. from the adorable roof patio.

5 stars, despite less than desirable service (yes, i am that charmed).
Their chicken wowshi is amazing!! And so is the "REALLY REALLY HOT"sauce!! I love spicy food and this sauce is just so perfect! The salad bar has lots of different veggies and everything is so fresh!

If you fall in love with their sauce like I did, then here's an easy tip: layer on the sauce -- add one layer of sauce to your pita, then some lettuce, then more sauce, and lettuce on top of that, and so on... this way there will be some sauce in every bite you take out of your amazing wowshi!

The fresh fries here are also delicious! Perfectly crispy!
After coming back from a semester in Europe a few years back, I realized why succumbing to your drunchies over there was so much easier and more rewarding than over here: late-night döner kebab. For the first few weekends on American soil, I mostly spent my late nights picking through the aisles at convenience stores, eventually walking to the counter with some hastily selected bags of God-knows-what. As I pulled out my wallet to pay, a single tear of longing would roll down my cheek. Oh, to have late-night shaved meat on this side of the ocean!

Then, one fateful night, one of my Central-dwelling friends recommended we brave the cold February winds at two in the morning in order to sate our inebriated hunger.

I thought he had lost it. Turns out, he had Moody's on the brain, and since then, nothing's been the same. (And by nothing, I mean nothing having to do with late-night shawarma.)

Open until three in the morning, Moody's will carve you up a shawarma (or lightly smash you a falafel) for a shockingly small amount of money, considering how satisfying it ends up being, and that the same amount of cash spent at most any other late-night place in Central will leave you feeling all greasy and gross in the cab on the way home. Don't skimp on the pickles, and the baklava are pretty decent. 

The only drawback is the occasional wait, depending on when you're there. I understand crowds can make things a little slow, but when it's nearly empty, come on. I know putting these things together doesn't take that long.

That aside, though: next time you want a little taste of that time you had one too many in Berlin and found refuge in one of the only still-lit establishments on the block, hit up Moody's. Your stomach (and your wallet) will thank you.
Average is as average does, Forrest. 

Chicken is good, um, service can be shitty & may or may not have a Chicken Nazi helping you out. It's been a while. 


Okay, the garlic sauce is overrated, goes to show you how sheltered and deprived people are. 

El Pollo Unico on North Lake is way better than this joint, and there's less wait. PCC is walking distance from Zankou, so I'd avoid the rush at lunch. 

I don't make it out here as much anymore.

EDIT-- The hummus at Mediterranean Cafe and Rock Island Wraps is much better too.
This place is quite the experience. The inside is very clean, but not modern. It has the feel of a cafeteria, but it is always busy. This place is all about chicken, but they make a good selection of fresh kebabs, and shaved meat. My brother and I went in after seeing the long lines here the day before. We got the meals and found that the mountain of food was too much to finish. Really, one meal will feed two people. I would not get two next time, or I would order the wrap of whatever it was I wanted to eat. But, if you live nearby, there is always something to take home I suppose. 

The place had a lot of people getting whole chickens to go, or food to go. It seems that it really is a place where locals pop in to get food to bring home, but this said, the place was jam packed with people at nearly every table. 

Now this sort of food was new to my brother, so I asked for help ordering when we walked in. They were very nice and explained everything on the menu and made suggestions about what we should order. The girl behind the register was a real sweetheart for first timers. 

To sum up: Giant portions, cheap prices, and if you are looking for enough to eat but don't want to bust the buttons on your jeans, get a wrap.
Delicious! A little more seating at this location and is definitely better for larger groups or a sit down lunch.
East Side Pockets is one of my best memories from when I lived in Providence. I the food is fresh, healthy, and most importantly delicious. I miss this place!
The owner is really friendly, however, the food I ordered is below my expectation, the beef is so dry.
The only problem with this place is that you have to stand in line! It's popular! Sometimes you get behind someone who has to ask questions, " what is a gyro? Why is there air?" Breathe.. exhale.. you are on the Ave.. it'll be over soon. Then your turn.. mmmmm salivation begins. 

Gyros, falafels, fries! They have fries! All excellent.
I didn't realize it remained open so late.. I am nto a night owl, butt here you go!
Weekly lunch out of the office today. Been eating chicken breast all week (dieting sucks), needed something different. I picked the place based on yelp reviews. Ordered the beef kabob plate. I really liked how the meat was seasoned. Though, a couple of bites were a little tougher than I like. But the spices more than made up for. Hummus was okay, had better. Wish the pita was warm, maybe that would have made up for. :) All in all, myself and lunch companions were pleased, will likely return.
Terrible service--surly waitpersons. I called in my order and was told to be there in five minutes. It took me 15 minutes to get there, and when I arrived they had not yet started my order. When I asked why they waited until I arrived to fill it I was rudely told that since I wasn't there in five minutes my food wouldn't have been fresh--that they start phone orders after the person arrives. Go figure. I had to wait. Ridiculous logic!
Id like to give this gem of  a place more than 3 stars but Al A. got it right.  The meats are overcooked and dry.  That's the main thing isn't it?  Two different meat entrees were sort of caveman blackened.... implying it wasn't a mistake?...is that the intent?  If so, guys, dial it back, think it through and we'll all be better off.  Thankfully the other things were really good-  Cucumber salad, bean side dish (fuul demas), bread, tahini sauce, rice (a bit overcooked maybe).  

The price is right of course and the portions are fair.  But in prior experiences of take out, the meat dishes was nicer all around. What happened?  I;'ll give it another chance but...only one more.
The lamb that i had in the lamb pita was absolutely delicious.  the option to stuff your own pita with sauces and vegetables was a definite plus.  However as other people have noted before, it's definitely a difficult eat with the top bites being all vegetable and the meat being all at the bottom.  The only fix might be to dump it all in a bowl which is an option only if you have the patience to take it home and eat it.  
there is a lack of seating inside but our group ended up eating at the 
outdoor in-n-out patio.  

it's a little pricey for the portion size of one-half pita but it's delicious none-the-less.
I've only been to Hummus once so far. It was a welcome addition to my lunch rotation, as I work in the area. 

I settled for the Chicken Kabob Platter. The portions were ample, but I felt the chicken was a bit rubbery. 

The Falafel Sandwich looked like a better bet, and at only $8 it's cheap and will fill you up.

I wonder if the Rami Falafel truck down the street feels threatened by Hummus? We shall see.

Hummus is a lot larger inside than it looks, and is all new construction, I believe. It at least smells like it.

I had some Mango bottled drink there that I forget the name of. It was sweet and hit the spot. I recommend that for now.

The way it works is, you order the food and they bring it out to you on a tray. No wait staff.

The place does take out, and you can sit outside if you care to look at the construction going on as well as the homeless people sitting at the McDonald's next to it.
I wasn't wholly familiar with the Mediterranean menu, but the cashier was very helpful and patient. She even called over Tom- yes, as in Tom of Tom's Tabooley, to explain an item to me and he offered to make my friends and I samples of some stuff on the menu. The Falafel was amazing and I ordered a plate for the table. The hummus was good, but I loved the homemade pita chips. The only thing I didn't really care for was the tabooley and I think that might just be a personal taste preference because my friend loved it. I also ordered the lamb/beef gyro and it was delicious. I would've liked more lettuce and cabbage on there. A++ for service A for food.
I've been going to this falafel king since I first moved to LA in '94.  I've only ever ordered 1 thing here and I get it every time.  A shawerma sandwich with extra chips  covered with a load of tahini.  The meat can be a little dry and some of the veggies have been out all day, but there is just something about this sandwich tat satisfies a craving deep within my gut.

To this day I have no idea why , but this messy tasty sandwich occasionally just calls to me.
It's not the most amazing place, sorta like fast-food Mediterranean, but it is delicious, quick, and easy -- and relatively healthy (so that's a bonus, right?) I work nearby, so it's a great fall back when I feel uninspired by local lunch options. Get the chicken schwarma platter or the falafel sandwich on whole wheat pita. YUM!
Best falafal sandwich I've ever had! Messy, but so good.
Foods good and these guys get you out of the restaurant faster than subway can make a sandwich on to-go orders. I mean wow, i don't know how they do it, but i love it!

The only thing i hate is the parking and the mentally challenged people who sit there and spend 5 minutes looking at a menu with 10 options on it (max). But it's all worth it for the Chicken Kabob plate.
There's nothing more delicious for lunch on a week day.
First time I went here to eat, Tom came out and gave me a fresh dolma he had just whipped up-- just because he was excited that it was fresh and he wanted to share. The second time I went here, the woman behind the counter brought me a package of candied almonds (again, gratis) because some of them were cracked and therefore not going to be available to sell. I have seen employees actually skip into work here. That's where I want to eat. 

Also, they just remodeled the inside seating- so it is twice as big and pretty nice looking.
I would come to the middle east for the shows...but the food is pretty blah. I mean, the hummos is good, and the service and atmosphere is fine, but the food is nothing to write home about, really. We tried some kebobs, the kibbeh, lentil soup, and other than the rice pilaf, nothing was memorable.

A good place to grab a quick bite before a show, but if you're looking for really good mediterranean food, I'd take a pass and try elsewhere.
I gave Tom's three stars before I discovered the Thai Wrap. Get it with marinated tofu (and feta if you're not vegan) and you will be in Heaven. 

They also have delicious french fries and Italian sodas, but really who goes to a Mediterranean place for french fries and Italian sodas? Me, I guess.
Most spin-offs of the successful "Chipotle-style" fast food don't really do too much for me, but Krazi Kebob does it right. They've take the concept of a make it yourself burrito and mashed it up with Indian inspired flavors to deliver a naan wrap that keeps me coming back.

I love the fact that they make each naan as your order it, resulting in a fresh, hot delicious shell to whatever it is that you fill it with (the spicy chicken is my favorite thus far). I don't honestly know half of what they ask me to put in it, but if you care they're more than happy to explain it to you. I get everything and it always turns out amazing. 

I know a lot of people are hesitant to stray from the well known Chipotle, especially when its only a block away, however Krazi Kebob is well worth a try. It is not only a refreshing break from the everyday burrito, but it could very well be a full on replacement. You'll leave filled and satisfied and if you like spicy, they will hook you up.

Word of advice, go on Tuesdays! Buy one naan wrap, get one free with the purchase of two fountain drinks. Its a deal worth getting every week.
A tasty treat just off Thayer.  I often forget about Byblos, even though I walk  nearby every day.  They're specialty is "Schwarma".  Basically we're talking some spiced up meats, lettuce, tomato, yogurt sauce, and so on in a wrap.  They're similar to East Side pockets, but they seem to have a little more variety (the upside), but use a little less meat (the downside).

They're really nice people though.  When I visited today they insisted on showing me the new upstairs lounge.  It looks nice, lots of low lying couches, middle eastern art, and apparently they have a hookah license... not sure I consider that a good thing, but it should make for an interesting place.  They say they won't have their liquor license until March.
I've been going to Falafel King since I was a kid growing up in westwood.  While there are certainly better mediterranean restaurants around, this place is fast, cheap and edible.

The shawarma is tasty, if a little greasy.  The falafel sandwich is my favorite... greasy and yummy ;)  And the fried chips?  Are otherworldly... they WILL upset your stomach, but they are so damn good going down.  Get extra on your sando, and maybe a side order to really send you to the toilet for an hour afterwards.  It's all good though... just bring a book or your favorite mag!

3 stars... not the world's best food, but tasty, cheap, and, if you're hungover, a great grease spoon.
I've been eating here since I moved to eastern Pasadena.  I always order more food than I'm hungry for ( = leftovers!!) - the half chicken plate.  It comes with hummus, pita, and the pickled veggies/peppers.  Be sure to add a side of tabbouleh and extra garlic spread! :)
I really like this place but be warned... if you eat that garlic butter thing they give you on the side - you'll be wreaking of garlic for at least half a day. Also, don't expect fabulous service when the prices are so low.

That being said, they give you generous portions at great prices.  Definitely in an ideal location for starving students.  The chicken is always just right and the hummus... yum!!  If you're watching your sodium intake, stay away from the skin and the pickled turnips. For those of you on a carb-conscious diet, their menu is very friendly to you.

Parking is pretty limited... they have a small lot in the back which is a little tricky to get too and shared with two other businesses.
The only place I've had a better Falafel is Cairo...Other than that this place is tasty and a bargain. I remember when they were $1.99 my freshman year at UCLA ....but that was 19 years ago. The schwarma (lamb sandwich) is also very good. I always want to eat here when visiting campus.
I had the delight to have spare time on my hands waiting for a movie.
I came here.
So many delicious choices. All cuustomers eating, chatting happily. I chose a vegie lentil rice  sandwich. I liked it . Lots of lettuce, an d a good amount of lettuce. I was offered to go  yet decided to eat there.
I chose to nto get fries with mine, that old diet thing, but next time I shall. They looked crisp, ok and plain old yummy.
Meeting Sunrise Deli was a tragedy.  You see, I've heard throughout my college stay that Sunrise has the best Falafel out of anywhere in Berkeley.  I really wanted to try it, but as an engineering student I was never around the area during lunch.  Most of the time I remembered this place existed was after exiting Eshlemann Hall after packing away student group equipment in the basement, but by then it was always 9pm or later.  Complicate my search for delicious food with a schedule that has me walking straight up College ave from my dorm or apt and through campus to North Side, and my path would never cross Sunrise Deli.

Fast forward 4 and a half years.  It's reading week in my last two weeks of my undergraduate career (no classes) and I just so happened to stop by Eshlemann around noon.  My eyes happen upon Sunrise sitting there, not really that busy, and easy to miss as I probably have for the past years and I reach a dilemma: try it and be happy to find great Falafel but sad at 4.5 years missing this, or leave Berkeley having never tried a local legend.  I must've missed two crosswalks pondering this but, shorting the thought-process because I wouldn't be writing this review if I walked away, I finally crossed the street and entered the little white building.

I wasn't greeted - it's a small independent place with what I assume was the owner and one cook/sandwich maker, who were casually talking.  I scan the wall for Falafel and locate two items of interest: a super falafel and a regular falafel sandwich.  Given this is lunch, I didn't want to spend a whole lot so I decided on a regular.  I walked up to the counter, but the lady didn't acknowledge me, continuing to talk for a good half a minute as I stood there half-awkwardly.  She finally said "hi" and I ordered, paid, and got my change - still somewhat awkwardly - I couldn't really understand why but it didn't seem like a friendly place - even la burrita workers are at least slightly friendly regardless if they're on a slow morning or pumping out burritos to a hungry crowd of drunk college students at 2am.

The falafel sandwich came fast - it was prefried and I suppose just sitting in a warmer; I was slightly disheartened at this, but whatever.  I took my order to go and walked back on campus, unwrapped one of the two half pitas and took a bite of the colorful composition.  Extra crispy, warm, delicious.  Each falafel was nicely crisped on the outside with a deep golden brown color, encasing a rich green center with texture that wasn't blended to hell and back.  Add the default topping and conveyed in a standard pita and ... heck that doesn't matter - good falafel can make anything taste good.  I was overjoyed.  Mouth so satisfied that I didn't even notice the protest forming at Telegraph.  It wasn't until I plowed through both halves that I felt anything else but happiness.  That last bite was followed by a tinge of sadness - a sadness that grew exponentially.  I finally found good falafel - Norcal, Socal, wherever, I have looked for good falafel and I finally found it - and I will be leaving in two weeks.

The best I can do is write this review and convince at least one other falafel lover to try it early on before a situation like mine arises.  In two weeks I'll be back to finding good falafel - I'll have to call up my friend and ask his mother to make me some more.
Ate here once before and haven't had a chance to come back yet. The food here is good and flavorful. I only tried the ground beef kabobs, but they were very garlic-y and seasoned well just how I like it. The roasted tomato, hummus and rice all great as well. :)

The service is good too. They came to our table within the first couple minutes to take our drink order and gave the proper amount of time to let us review the menu. The server was nice and brought out our food promptly.

I would definitely cone back here again and hope I will soon, so I can update my review.
This is the best chicken Ive had! I recommend the Chicken Tarna wrap WITH lettuce. I always ask for extra garlic spread, it is simply the best thing in the world.

I have also had the Beef plate which was equally as good, the hummus is yummy and the pita bread is nice & warm.
For a good lunch check this place out! The Falafel wrap is so good I wish I had one now. The grape leaves are the best I have had in Boston. The price is right and the service is fast... You will see me eating here often.
If I were blindfolded and subjected to a Mediterranean taste test, this particular Zankou would definitely not rank in the top five. I guess the famous name can do wonders for people's tastebuds. 

Food: Having eaten at the West LA location, I was expecting flavorful, juicy chicken so good it would make you cry harder than Toy Story 3. Unfortunately, things did not go as expected. My boo got the half chicken (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=E2U5yX2khAkv2LcB_kk-CA) plate and I the falafel (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=M0ywqpqkQz__1GO8P12oIw). Each meal comes with a side of pita bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EMXF_jbhx_GNniMnG0uNVw?select=G3K0GhmpQIGFn3oeHPPOMw). The chicken was fairly dry and lifeless. This was a huge disappointment as I was quite hungry by the time the food was ready. I did enjoy the falafel, though. These things are absolutely enormous, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

Atmosphere: This place needs a makeover. The lighting is a depressing faded yellow and it smells a little off. All of the available tables were pretty dirty, but that was probably due to the fact that we came maybe an hour before closing time. I did enjoy the giant mural on the wall of the LA area, complete with all the Zankou locations. 

Service: Order at the counter, get a number, and wait to be fed. 

Synopsis: I think Mediterranean Cafe has ruined me for other Mediterranean restaurants. The fact that it took me 3 years to go to Zankou while I have been to Med Cafe at least 50 times speaks volumes.
Nice atmosphere, oozes CAMBRIDGE everywhere you go. The mango juice is actually nice and yummy and fresh, and perfect to duck into to work, read, over a cup of hot cider.
The food is great and filling, and the best thing about it is that is open till late night. The owner too is very friendly and funny.

But they have stopped accepting credit cards lately, which is very annoying as I'm so not used to carrying cash around with me.

Overall, its a good place to get some delicious food.
The first plus, obviously, is that Kismet is right across the street from school. It is so convenient, in fact, that Kismet is probably my top frequented restaurant on the drag.

As a matter of fact, I just finished eating a falafel pita from here. I really dig their falafel because of instead of a weird, little, fluffy falafel-type cake, you get one that is grainy without being dry and mealy. It's crispy on the outside and moist on the inside! Solid falafel, I would say. 

All the pitas come in a combo for $5.55 with fries and a drink. These tangy fries are seasoned with paprika which makes the meal a little more cohesive. 

I've also had the shish kebab plate that came with tabouli. Both were tasty!

I've found that during peak hours this place can get a little backed up, so manage your time accordingly if you are trying to make it to a class. Other than that the service is good-- everyone is really nice. 

If your on campus this is a good place to get some Middle Eastern food.
We discovered this place accidentally, after deciding we would never, ever, ever go to Prince Cafe again. And now I'm glad we don't have to, as the place is conveniently located in the same shopping center as Prince, just at the other end! 

But that's not the only good thing about this place. The food, a range of dishes from Indian appetizers like hummus and various wraps to organic pizza, tastes great and doesn't give you food poisoning like Prince's offerings. The service is fast and friendly. Heck, on a Friday night we were treated to a piano player serenading us while we talked! Where else in College Park can you actually get _classy_ entertainment?

I only have two gripes about Mosaic: the quality of their hookah seems a little inconsistent, and the restaurant is really drafty. The latter shouldn't be an issue come spring and summer, but they should work on getting their pipes a little cleaner. But really, they're a league above Prince, so if you want hookah in CP, this is your best option.
Ok, im kind biting myself for not giving this place a higher score...  But I have to give it three stars.  Now if i was just talking about the chicken, then 5 stars it is.  But im here to discuss my  own  experience and im sure everyones experience at the register as you order your chicken.  As you approach the cash register there are usually 2 chicks working it.  One has glasses and is middle age (She's the meanest) and they rotate the others.  Anyhoo, heres what to expect.  Dont expect a hello or hi how are you.  Instead you get a firm "NEXT" from the blanked face ladies and once you get to the register, they give you an attitude like you are wasting there time and bothering them.  So order your chicken pay them, wait a bit and leave. Oh and make sure you bring cash, because for some reason these persians dont accept card or debit cards.  Just cold hard cash! (makes me wonder why?) But thats another story.    Go here only for the chicken, the rest of the meals and plates are way over priced.
I was surprising pleased with the falafel and the best part as that you can illegally park your car right in front without paying and order at the window.  It was pretty good, I wanted more hot sauce but for $3.50 It was perfect.  Still not as good as my favorite place in California, but I can't just fly down there for dinner.  Try it, the owner is really sweet and will remember on your next visit.
Anything around a college campus that has: Pizza, Burger/Hoagies, and Fried Food is going to be a hit.

Also, if its open late like Ed's its DEFINITELY going to be a hit.

I order and eat from Ed's all the time because of the convenience otherwise I definitely wouldn't be treating myself that badly by eating food that is terrible for my health (but who am I kidding, we all love mcdonalds and therefore anything that is within walking distance that has smiliar foods we're gonna go for it!)

The White Pizza is GREAT :)
Beirut is home to the greatest falafel ever made.  Eli is my personal buddy.
food is meh.. service is meh.... 
i dont think ill ever go back...
I try not to give places 5 stars unless they really do something to stand out, and this place certainly accomplishes that. The wowshi has a very original taste that completely blew me away. Although it's a very small place, you better believe I'm coming back as much as I can.
Oh. My. God.  It's cheap, it's open late, and its gaddem delicious.  I could eat their cucumber salad always.  But I suggest not the falafel sandwich, must get plate to enjoy full falafel flavor.  Their chicken kebab is fresh grilled, no frills.  And their service, with a smile.
Really cool place, I've only seen bands play here, though, so I'm only reviewing that.  Downstairs is better, bigger, and better sound.
However, both are fun, both bars are good, decent selections, prices, whatever.  I like this place a lot for live music.  People are fun, nice, and I've enjoyed myself a lot every time.
The "Middle Eastern Dicks Drive-In." Cheap, fresh, delicious, cash-only, and open till 2:00am. Filled with U Dub students. Only complaint is that they could use a little more T'hina sauce on their falafel. Nice little hole in the wall.
This place was nearby the college I attended and I heard great stuff coming from friends who've tried out this place. For some reason though I never made the effort to go on my own to try out this place. I should probably kick myself in the butt because this place is divine! I came here in the evening with my sister and we shared a plate of the chicken and trip tip. Personally, the chicken kind of dried out on me, but the tri tip was amazing. The hummus and garlic sauce add an extra kick to the dish which makes its even better. Portion size is pretty big..my sister and I couldn't finish our plate so we took the rest to go. I'm sucker for mediterranean food and this place hits the spot!
It is a well known fact that, when in school, "fine dining" standards are suitably lowered to match "earnings", that largely originate from student loans.

Here is an extract ripped out of the weekly record of expenses for a Columbia University graduate student who shall remain unnamed for the purposes of this review.  Rent, books, entertainment, etc. are not shown.
                       ________________________________
                      |                                                                          |
                      |                Week of March 9, 1998                 |
                      |                                                                          |
                      |    Food:                                                            |
                      |         Hamilton Deli * 5                    $25       |
                      |         Koronet Pizzeria * 2                $12       |
                      |         Amir's Falafel * 2                     $15       |
                      |         V & T * 1                                    $20       |
                      |         Ollie's * 1                                  $15       |
                      |         University Market  * 2              $40       |
                      |                                                                           |
                      |   Drinks:                                                           |
                      |         Yogi's * 2                                  $20        |
                      |         West End * 2                            $30       |
                      \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

Amir's Falafel is a reliable pit stop in the typical CU student's weekly journey through the mediocre Morningside Heights collection of restaurants.  The fare is Lebanese and the space is appropriately basic for the university setting.  Expect some traffic during lunch time and dinner, but not as much as in some other eateries in the neighborhood.

I am generally happy with the falafel+hummus platter.  The hummus managed to get high praise from a Middle Eastern food connoisseur with exacting standards, on a recent visit.  The falafel is a tad dry and the tahini sauce just passes muster.  The dessert choices may be viewed in the showcase by the counter.  The baklava is above-average while the bird's nest with pistachios is less desirable.

Amir's is good value for money.  And an excellent fast-food choice as you wait for your term papers to be printed at Kinko's, or when you are in need of a quick eat-in lunch or dinner in the area.
I love hole-in-the-wall places.  It makes me feel like I have some sort of foodie super sense that I can go somewhere that not everybody knows about and enjoy a meal.  

This is one of those places.  It is tucked away in Rice Village and you'll walk by it a few times before you even realize it is there.  Good food.  Tiny restaurant.  And they're always busy.  A sign of a good ethnic restaurant: people from that ethnicity actually eating there.  

The kabobs seemed to be everyone's favorite.  The hummus was decent, but nothing spectacular.  The atmosphere was bustling with lots of conversation and large groups.  The waiters were busy, but not frantic.  Best of all, it is right next to the Ginger Man so you can mosey over after a good meal and top it off with a refreshing beer.

Maybe not the best Turkish food in town, but it is always a solid bet that you'll leave with a full stomach and happy face.
One of my most favorite things is taking people here who don't know anything exists of it's kind in Harvard Sq.  It's that little, acutely decorated and worn lebanese coffee shop that you want to get lost in for a while and ponder things over a pot of tea. Mmm or a pina colada with whipped cream and a Mediterranean plate!  It's pretty perfect for what it is.
Love the beef kebab, and the garlic spread! Mmmmmmm....consistent quality, and friendly service. I used to live about a mile or so away from this place, and used to eat here weekly, if not every other week. So it was great to come back (I've moved about 15 miles away and don't get into Pasadena much), and have some kebab from here. The service was still friendly, quick, fresh, and yummy!!! Check it out!
The falafel platter is phenomenal, and I'm not one to throw around that word. They give you a lot of food for the money.
i love this place! it's a hidden gem.
the ambiance is one of the things i love most about this place - especially the upstairs. low-key, fun, warm, also has an upstairs deck area. i haven't tried their food, but they have some interesting drink options if you are brave enough to try them.
the mint tea, orange hot chocolate, and coffee are really tasty! the only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars is because i didn't know enough - like the food, desserts, etc.
As far as Lebanese fast food goes, this is as good as it gets outside of Lebanon, the shawarma especially, chicken and beef, just the best... The tabbouleh as well is spot on. The service is super quick, the prices hover around 12$ per person and the portions at that price are quite filling.
Bar none, this is the best Lebanese fast food outside of Lebanon I've had so far; it's the one thing I know I will miss about Cambridge for sure...
So i just moved in to the internation gardens apartments a few minutes away, and let me tell you how happy i was when i found internationl market and grill. i was looking at the shopping center driving hunting for food ( i was STARVING ) and i see a shopping center full of asian food. Don't get me wrong, i love asian food, but i have had sushi like 5x this week. So i saw the market and was like, you know what, i'll take a chance. I pull in and what do i see..a sign that says KEBOBS!!! I marked illegally and ran inside and literally felt warmth inside!!!! I was at home. To top it off, they have a daily special that is a home cooked persian meal...just like my family made. Fessenjoon is my favorite, and the ghorma sabzi is a must! I try to come here 3-5 times a week. the only complaint i have with them is they arent open sundays and later at night! I would come even more!!! THANKS GUYS FOR PROVIDING ME WITH AWESOME AUTHENTIC PERSIAN FOOD IN A WORLD FULL OF CRAPPY FAST FOOD!!! :) :)
Moody's shawarma is tasty and so are their tabooley and cucumber salad. Their food is generally good, cheap and healthy.

The downside is that the quality and quantity of their food vary a lot depending on the day and time. Toward the end of their business hours, and toward the end of each round of meat, the food is not as good as early night and in the mid-round of the roasting. But that's to be expected. If the meat is too dry, you can always use tahini sauce (the mild sauce made from white sesame paste).
The lamb shawarma is dry and crusty.  Simple as that.  The hot sauce is actually pretty spicy, but doesn't redeem the lack of flavor on the meat.  I think this place stays in business (and gets somewhat decent yelp ratings) by staying open late at night and counting on all the bar traffic to trickle in, who probably don't care all that much if their 2am shawarma is subpar.  On the plus side, they are halal.  Best shawarma in Boston is Shawarma King, who still reigns supreme.
I know it is tabboo to say but I do miss the days you could smoke upstairs. It was one of the last vestiges of European nicotine indulgence. The mint tea is nice and the salads are filling.
Update: I came back and got the falafel pita (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cvER4PVKn_lYqlyWhP5rmg?select=Qq_fV6NFDnu7sKuScVS5Gg). They give you one pita instead of two, but the falafel is heavenly. Mmm mmm. The service was much faster as I didn't have to wait for the meat to cook (since there wasn't any). Also, the manager was super nice and was happy to hear that I was a repeat customer. I have to say, this has completely changed my opinion of this place. If you go, avoid the wowshi and try the falafel!

Here you go Bella Pita. One extra star for your insanely low prices. You are the spawn of Westwood Burgers and Falafel further south down Westwood Blvd, but I think you have some large shoes to fill. 

Food: I'll probably end up coming back here numerous times since I live a block away. This time I got the beef wowshi which, contrary to the opinions of other yelpers, did NOT taste great. The beef was basically hamburger that appeared to be slapped straight from a package onto the grill with no other preparation. As for the cheese, it looked like regular American, but I could be wrong. On a positive note, you can stuff your own pita with all the hommus, cucumbers, lettuce, cabbage, peppers, spiced onions, and sauce you can handle (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cvER4PVKn_lYqlyWhP5rmg?select=EE0M9TTFfp-COT3VdemcbQ). I like that. I like that a lot. They give you two pitas in each order which was enough to stuff my belly and thensome. 

Service: I came in and was told my meal would take 3 mins. I came back in 5 and was told it would take another 2 mins. It's not really a huge deal, but I felt bad having to ask so many times after the misinformation. When I got my order it was so hot that I couldn't stuff the pita properly. Maybe I'm manually retarded, but the little burn marks on my thumb and forefingers suggest otherwise. 

Atmosphere: There's a counter with stools for those who want to eat inside, but there's a good chance you'll become some sort of a spectacle for passersby whilst chomping as it faces the sidewalk. Best to do takeout on this one.
Much better than Med Grill and Aladdin's, with just as reasonable prices.

The loobee is delicious, as is the mohomara! I would suggest getting a selection of a la carte items from the menu and sharing them amongst the table rather than individual dinner platters - I tend to be disappointed by the very-well-done kebabs.

Very speedy service, too, and a nice relaxed atmosphere.
I've been here on three different occasions over the past few years, and each time has been a good experience.

I'll say first off that the food is very tasty.  On my most recent visit, I ordered the Etli Bamya (with lamb), and the two other people I was with ordered the Tavuklu Pide (chicken Turkish pizza) and the Iskender (Doner Kebab with other sides), which I got tastes of.

They provide bread and olive oil as a complimentary appetizer, and the bread is delicious.  Nice crust on the outside, but soft yet dense on the inside.  The olive oil had some roasted red peppers in them, which provided some nice flavor.

The Etli Bamya was overall a good dish.  I had a few minor gripes about the dish.  First, the portion of rice provided with the rest of the dish was not enough.  It's just rice - no need to skimp on it.  Secondly, the pickled okra in the dish was good, but once I got to the end of the dish, it was a little too much pickling for my liking.  It's probably my lack of Turkish food understanding, so I'm not going to make a big deal out of it, but I thought I'd point it out.  I enjoyed the meat and the vegetables included in the dish, and it was definitely a satisfying dish.

The Tavuklu Pide (chicken Turkish pizza) was well seasoned, and I particularly enjoyed the crust.  I'm a big fan of nicely made bread, and I enjoyed the way they made their pizza.

The Doner Kebab meat that I got to taste was great as well.  The flavoring and texture of the lamb meat was great - bold and savory flavors (with the hints of lamb fat tasted), and a nice sear on some of the exteriors of the meat strips.  Nicely done.

The service was accommodating, which was much appreciated.

I felt that it was all a bit overpriced, though.  The portions were satisfying, but it's hard to not compare this place with the surrounding restaurants.  Seeing as how Mediterranean Deli is right down the street, they serve great Turkish pizzas and other great Mediterranean food for a much lower price.  Granted, the lamb meat is not the same quality, but for the price I'm paying, I'd rather go to Med Deli.  

Don't get me wrong, the food at Tallulas is great.  Just a bit pricey.
We came here after a jog at the Rosebowl for a quick bite since it was on the way home.  We been here quite a few times already, but I just never wrote anything about this place.

The food is good!  I ordered the half roasted chicken plate.  They serve you a lot of food.  It comes with three big round pita breads, hummus, garlic spread, and diced pickled radish and tomatoes which you could mix into the spread with the pita bread and chicken.  The chicken was not dry.  Very tender and moist.  It was very flavorful, and it hit the spot when I was hungry. 

I have no comment about the service since it's a you order at the counter kind of place.  The person who took my order was tired, from what I saw.  But it was late already, and they close at 10:00.  So I could understand.

The place is well lit, and it's quite clean.  So I was happy! :) 

No expectations, but just a typical place to go during the week.
This was the first time I tried Persian food and I really enjoyed it.  I had a chicken caesar sandwich which consisted of marinated, grilled, chicken breast kabob with lettuce, tomato, pickle slices and dressing wrapped in lavosh, and served with a side of yogurt dressing.  It was very tasty and yes, I will return to try the other times on the menu.
I am kind of surprised how poor the reviews are for Amir's. Don't get me wrong, it's definitely an average falafel place, but at a price of $3.50 near Columbia, I don't have too much to complain about. The tahini sauce was fine, pickles and vegetables were fine. The falafel was kind of greasy with less taste than you might expect, but still a decent falafel. Most people are exaggerating on these reviews. I have been to some of the best falafel shops in NYC (Mamoun's, Maoz etc.) and Amir's is a nice, cheap alternative if you live in the Morningside Heights neighborhood.
Home of the toasted falafel. I can say from experience that this was once of the best falafel places in the world. Today, it's hit or miss.

Perhaps lacking the toppings panache of Moaz in Isreal/Barcelona, without the savory street tang of roadside schwarma stands in Aleppo or Damascus (which, incidentally, is where Moody's takes inspiration from. See the wall photos...) and not quite as fresh as its nearby cousin Sepal of Watertown, Moody somehow rivaled the best of them with a perfectly toasted wrap and tahini sauce that would make angels weep.

Today's it has succumbed to wilty lettuce and lemon juice concentrate for zest. I believe original owners took a back seat to the day-to-day operations some time ago, and with them went a special concern for quality and freshness. You can still get a world-class falafel at the Palace, but you'll have to get lucky.
I'd never had Turkish food before, but after eating here it is one of my favorites!! Service was very good, and the food was better. Loved the hummus and tried the Vegetarian Lahmacun. o.m.g. seriously now in my top 5 favorite foods. My sister ordered an eggplant lamb dish that she said was alright, but this review is from my experience and it was amazing!
Absolutely loved the halal Iskandre (sp?) kebab, a layered dish with a runny yogurt bottom, layer of croutons next, then a layer of lamb & beef meat, and topped with a yummy tomato based sauce.

They didn't have shisha (hookah, nargila) on weeknights and the apple tea, although great, was served in the tiniest cup ever.

The company I was with was very pleasant, considering I don't think I've ever been more of a brat on a date.
Loud and obnoxious.  Their blaring music drowns out your sanity and actually makes your Diddy Riese cookies taste less delicious then they are.
Egyptian Cafe has a fun environment that has a different feel to it then your regular bars or hangouts. It is one of the few places in West Lafayette that you are able to smoke inside, both hookah and cigarettes, so that is appealing to many people. The drinks are reasonably priced, or at least what I've gotten there. Buckets of domestic beers are around $5 and margaritas are a little more expensive for a pitcher. DJs and other musical guests such as The Brown James often perform at the lounge because of the large open window that allows street access. The hookahs are a good price, but smoking them with a group and splitting the cost makes the most sense. I have only had the food a few times, but both times, it was great. I had a specialty burger and fries on one occasion and the hummus and pita bread on another; I couldn't stop eating the hummus. The Egyptian Cafe is much more laid back than Hookah on Chauncey and has less of a club feel for people who want to go for conversation and general socialization sans dancing and yelling.
This is my most favorite place in the world to grab a quick tasty affordable bite. The chicken shawrma is mind numbingly brilliant and so are the falafels. No matter, which gourmet looking place you get your falafel/shawarma fix from, this place will beat it! The owners are so amazingly nice too :) 

As an added advantage, these guys are open really late!
Service - 4 stars
Food - 4 stars
Value - 4 stars

We were feeling adventurous (food-wise... you freaks), and like always, indecisive on dinner choices.  Finally, we decided to try something out of our normal shell of American/Japanese/Chinese/Italian and go for something slightly different.

A friend of ours decides to take us to this Persian place she enjoys and it was definitely an interesting experience.

The complementary pita bread came warm, and we ordered the hummus to have something to dip in.  Quite tasty.

The main dish(es) came with a side choice of soup (barley), salad (ranch or italian only), or french fries.  OK, salad is pretty much salad anywhere, and french fries aren't really outside of the box, but I order the salad anyway (trying to retain/regain my girlish figure... hardly).  Wife orders the french fries, but is "urged" to get something else... she gets the soup.

The barley soup that comes is hearty... and very green... and pungent.  Wife looks very very sad at the soup... or was she completely disgusted by it.  I'm laughing because I have the salad :)  but I give her my salad and I soldier on and have the soup.  Soup is OK, not great, not terrible... it's not as bad as it smells, but that's definitely where the place lost a star.  

The salad had minimal dressing, so we asked for extra ranch, which they brought more of... minimally.  Really, we're not trying to steal your dressing, we plan on eating it!

We wait for a little bit longer (wait wasn't bad, plus they provided us with refills pretty often; service was good not great).  Entree shows up and it's a large plateful.  I order the koobideh combination (beef + chicken) while the wife orders the koobideh (beef only).  On each plate is grilled onion, an entire tomato, a large piece of jalapeno, and so much rice.  Both koobideh flavors were tasty and gi-normous that everyone had leftovers.  So much rice too...

I believe the other members of our party had shish-kebob and some bowl of pomegranate juice/walnuts/chicken.  I'm not sure what the name was, but it looked disgusting but was rather interesting.  Definitely not what I was expecting.

Finished the meal off with an order of Baklava.
The lamb was great! The chicken was bland.  My husband has gone here several times.  I found it a little expensive.
The best bang for your buck I've ever found in a restaurant.  Get the wowshi (chicken, steak, hamburger), its 6 bucks for two half pita pockets full of chicken, which you can then fill to your delight with veggies, hummus and tahini sauce.  Delicious and economical, what else could you ask for?
I had my Istanbul Grill experience last night (Sunday) and the place very easily gets added to my list of places in HTown I would recommend for Turkish food. It might very well got right to the top of the list.

Okay so that was the opening to set the context and now is the nit-picking part. So let me start with what worked for me.
1. The food was delicious. The menu is very traditional Turkish with some dishes that I have not seen elsewhere. I tried the Sultani Kebab and the Lamb Seekh kebab and both of them got really high points on taste from both my friend and me. I also liked the salted yogurt (ayran) though all in all that might be because of my Indian roots. We ended it all traditional Turkish coffee and one quick recommendation here would be if you like sugar in your coffee then go for the medium sugar as the folks are really generous with sugar. It would definitely not win a lot of points on presentation but then is that is what your expecting then my pointer would be to the price and also would suggest that come on get a little serious.
2. The ambiance of the place was very family owned store like and was not at all pretentious. The place was fairly packed for a Sunday night.
3. The service was friendly and it added to the turkish feel of the place. They were very happy to make recommendations and also to double check on how you preferred things.
4. The location of the place is awesome and makes it just a short walk to go grab some drinks after dinner.

What could be problem with the place:
1. As it is located bang in the middle of West U parking on a busy night could be a pain and you might have to circle around a bit.
La cerveza es espantosa, el local esta muy lejos de ser acogedor o agradable, solo recomendable para fumar hookas. Staff simpatico
The best falafel I have ever had, the perfect amount of crispy and nutty flavor, and they have the full grocery list of toppings. The lamb is perfectly seasoned if you get a gyro, and if you like chicken its also fantastic, not dry and well flavored. 

I always get the gyro falafel combo, and its equal to two meals for me. So its well worth the money, and the long line of nearby students.
Meh, I gotta say, this was a pretty bad experience. Let me just qualify real quick by pointing out that I came in just before they put out the fresh meat. Nevertheless, this is MY experience. 

It feels basically like a cafeteria type setting, you order, pick out your sides, etc., pay, and you can get a drink from the fountain. I got the lamb schwarma plate (about $8) and my friend got the chicken schwarma sandwich plate (about the same). I think I might have gotten more food overall, it was just a deconstructed sandwich, so I got to make my own. My lamb was very very dried out and crusty. They put a new rotisserie thing out about 6 mins after I ordered, which sucked, but mine was definitely the old stuff. The tatziki sauce was pretty good, but not amazing. The salad was the best thing that I had there and I got some cold eggplant with garlic dish that was not very appetizing. 

My friend said that his sandwich was just alright. I think this place could be pretty good, but we definitely caught them at an off moment. However, I doubt that they could ever be really great. There are a lot of Mediterranean restaurants in the area and probably something much better.
I love this place and cant get enough of it.  The place is very down to earth,  earthy crunchy, family run business.  Easy on your wallet,  very friendly service and nice place to have brunch or lunch.  

The veggie omelet with vegetables,  toast,  hot sauce and home made fruit jam is to die for.  I top it off with coffee and they keep filling the cup when its empty.   I support so many local businesses in Cambridge,  this is the only place they make me feel at home.  They even greet me with my name and treat my friends with the same respect.
Seriously, does East Side Pockets need another 5 star review?  Yes!  As many others have said; Fresh, Fast and Delicious.  I would recommend any of their wraps, and typically eat here once a week myself.  I don't know why they are not voted the "Best Falafel," it's pretty much their staple filling.  I recommend the Kafka-Falafel Combo, which will leave you just enough room for a bite of their amazing Baklava!
I have been here now several times, ordering different things each time. And every time, I am very satisfied. Aside from the chicken shawarma that was a little dry, the falafel, chicken kabob, and ground beef kabob are all pretty tasty. They have a ridiculous amount of side orders to choose from, of which I enjoy the tabouleh, dolma, eggplant and tomato, and tomato and cucumber salad. They also serve every plate with these fried potato thin chips that are pretty tasty. The hummus is hit or miss. Sometimes it's really good and other times not so much. Once it was semi-frozen. But overall, it's affordable, tasty, and quick. However, with all the middle eastern places on Westwood south of wilshire, it is not the best place to get kabob in the neighborhood. But for something quick, easy, and tasty, it does the trick
forgot to mention that if you want the most bang for your buck and you love falafel and lamb, get the combo wrap. they stuff generous portions of both into it with all the other additional condiments/fix-ins that you usually would get with a wrap of either falafel or lamb alone. and of course it doesn't have to be lamb - you can choose chicken or whatever your heart desires. *dreamy sigh*
I've returned to test the waters again.  Falafal Palace is back to it's old delicious self!
I had a very tasty lunch in less than half an hour, which is exactly what I want from near-campus eats. Most plates that other diners ordered looked great--hummus and baba ganoush in particular. I had a gyro, and it was tasty, filling, and cheap. The tzatziki sauce was particularly nice. The price was also right--it's possible to eat a lunch for approximately $5.

I will be returning often when I'm too lazy to bring my lunch to work.
I didn't realize how much I loved this place until it closed for the summer.. not due to re-open until August 5th, I'm left with four weekends of trucking it elsewhere to replace my favorite greasy spoon. If you're looking for breakfast or lunch in Central Sq on the cheap, you can't do any better.
I lost my falafel cherry here.  It was bad.  Bad bad experience.  
Late weekday afternoon, no one is around much.
 
Oh!  A quicky lunch?
Wrong!
 
Falafel- good, hot, and tasty?
Nope!
 
Falafel- long, dark, weird, and dry?
Yes!
 
A music venue- ZuZu is cool
But they're such a PITA- no, not the bad pita bread in my bad falafel sandwich

A PAIN IN THA ASS for a quick lunch
ZuZu?  BooBoo!
If I could give this place -5 stars, I would.

Bad service, bad food, bad attitudes.
They forced everyone to get one drink even if they weren't smoking hookah.
Our check came out to $72 (instead of the $56 it should have been) because what we didn't realize was that there was a 15% service charge (which was written in the SMALLEST font at the bottom of the menu), they should have a sign outside.
they also chased my friends and I down, thinking we didn't pay, (we were running cause it was pouring rain, it's California, and it was late at night, we weren't dressed for it) and treated us like shit, telling us that the cops were coming to arrest us.
First of all, half the people I was with were minors, and they didn't card us at all, so I could have had them deal with that instead.
Second of all, we were 9 people, who were dressed pretty nicely, we weren't going to pay half the money and dash, we HAVE the money.
And third of all, I understand that you deal with a lot of students, since you live in the UCLA vicinity, but honestly, you need to get your attitude (and your English) fixed, because people come back when they feel welcomed.

She also demanded cash when she got us back and no one had cash on them, so I gave her my card (assuming she would slide it and take $15 off there), but NO, I needed to give her cash, so she takes me to an ATM in the cafe that doesn't work, then takes my friend and I to another one, to give her cash. She was literally grabbing us by our wrists as well, as if we were legitimate criminals. Then she dared to tell my friend that this should be a lesson, all while my friend was apologizing for everything that happened. It was ridiculous.

I should have checked yelp for the reviews, but my friends and i were pressed on time, and the lady kept trying to get us to go inside.

We had also asked for the check twice until she finally brought it.

The shisha was okay, got harsh in about 5 minutes, not a lot of flavors, and everything else that happened to us didn't really help it too much.

I've never had to deal with so much bullshit at a cafe, in my life.
I didn't believe the hype on Yelp until I tried it for myself. The steak pita is amazing and it's nice to have a cheap, clean pita shop in westwood finally!! It's always exceptionally clean inside and you can tell the workers/owners aren't scam artists cutting back on quality...definitely worth a try if in the area and not in the mood for In-N-Out or Buck-Fitty Burrito stand next door...clean, cheap, delicious...oh yeah and they have a little salad/sauce stand so you can create your own pita...they just put the meat inside the pita for you and you create the rest...awesome!
I've been to the Middle East twice. Twice. I have no idea why it seems so popular; the only thing that could ever bring me back after the first time was Freezepop.

The first time I went to the Middle East I went with two friends that I wanted to catch up with last May. Let me tell you, as soon as the food arrived the conversation died as we struggled to not blanche and hurl. 

The service was horrible and didn't serve us our food for at least twenty minutes. I ordered some basic, generic middle eastern foods and found them disgusting. The pita bread was half-stale and tasted like something I could have gotten packaged from Shaw's. The spinach pie was thin, overburdened with cheese and bland. The rice was dry and poorly spiced. The only redeeming feature of that meal was the hummus, and I probably could have made it better. 

I have no idea what a real middle eastern meal is supposed to taste like, but I'll trust the friend I was with that day, who is Israeli, and swear that what we ate wasn't worth the bloated price. In the end, despite the tiny portions, we still weren't able to finish what we ordered and I took most of what I hadn't eaten back home in the hopes I could bring myself to try it again. I did, and found it tasted like baked drywall.

The Middle East falls into the category of restaurants I would classify as "too yuppie for its own good." I'm sorry, while many of you like bland food and horrible service as long as it's ORGANIC and the ingredients are FRESH, I brook no excuses for either. 

Sure, the Middle East is also a nightclub. A couple friends of mine dragged me back during the summer to see Freezepop. I'm not a nightclub connoisseur, having not gone to one since moving to college, but let me tell you, the Middle East has nothing on even the worst Ministry of Sound. Let's pretend for a minute that I could have tasted the drinks; maybe alcohol makes you not mind the shabby facilities as much. So the atmosphere aside, I have the opinion that the acoustics of the Middle East can ONLY succeed in the kind of packed, dancing atmosphere they promote. If I had honestly sat down while there weren't gyrating bodies all over the place and gotten to listen above the screams, the room would be dead. Kudos and one extra star for getting great bands to play there, but unless Harvard starts making liquid nitrogen ice cream and Gordon Freeman guest lectures at MIT, I'm not going back.
WOW! 

This place is a mind warp.. you go in and its very simple, a few tables little decor or ambiance and you think "this won't be impressive."  You sit down, it takes a while for the server to get to you because it looks like the server is also the cook and the one busing tables.

You look at the menu, it all sounds really good and the prices are very reasonable.  Your order and then magic happens, the kitchen door opens and the whiff of the Lebanese food is enough to make you swoon. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G . Wow!

My grandmother was Lebanese so I thought there was no way anyone could even come close to her cooking but this was right on. Fantastic, fresh and full of flavor. 

I will def. be coming back here again when I am in the area !

FYI:

I had the 
-Sample appetizer (plenty for 3 people)
& the majadra (YUM)
meh...
I have had much better armenian food. 


i dont live in Glendale, LA, Hollywood, or Burbank so this is my only choice.
Sorry for the late review as we visited this place last year!  We were out there for a college football game and as customery, we tour as many cheap eats places as possible in the town we visit. 
The food here was magnificent. There were four of us and we pulled right up to the bar seating in front of the cooks. When visiting a new place I usually will just ask the cooks to bring me whatever is their best dishes and boy they didn't disappoint. I think they got a kick out of it since we were very appreciative and excited to be there. 
Other than Michigan, San Diego (where we are from) also has a large middle east population so we've had some great food from that region.  Jerusalem Garden is the real deal!  And the price was very affordable.  We all had a great time!
ehh, this place was so-so. i'm a big fan of mediterranean food (falafels, hummus, etc.) and this place definitely was not very impressive. 
their pita bread literally fell apart when you try to eat them. the salad bar has quite limited selection. the falafels were actually pretty good. 

overall, not a big fan of this place.
Quick, DELICIOUS, affordable, and easy. 

This is my never fail place of comfort.  The food is served within minutes and it is affordable.  The best part is how good it is.  For fast med food....this place is a sure win.  

I've had everything on the menu and the only thing I don't recommend is....nothing.  Everything is delicious.  Hummus is awesome, rice is good, salad is fresh, meats are cooked and seasoned excellently.  

My favorite items on the menu has to be the chicken shawarma plate (full meal) and the falafel wrap (lighter option).  

Parking: huge lot, free for the first two hours.
The reviews for Mira's have been mixed - downright contradictory, in fact.  I concede that I might have had an unusually bad experience or ordered the wrong thing, but the one entree was so poorly executed and badly seasoned that their serving it was indefensible.

My two friends and I visited on a quiet weekday evening.  Hopes were high as we surveyed the menus; we were starving, and all of the dishes looked tasty, sensible, and well-composed.  We ordered three appetizers: the falafel, the pita sampler, and the mozzarella and tomato salad.  We also order two entrees: the salmon special (split between two people) and the chicken kabob.

First, let me say that I have no complaints about the pricing at Mira's.  It's casual fine dining, and I actually thought they were very generous with their portions.  The much-maligned pita sampler came with three shallow but wide containers of dip, and a large basket of pita.  I thought the dips were decent but a little bit bland.  The falafel, on a similar vein, was nicely flavored and crunchy but dry.  The tomato mozz was very tasty.  We were feeling no pain as we passed around the appetizers.  And then the entrees happened.

We'll start with the lesser of two evils, the salmon.  Overcooked, but not inexcusable.  Some people like their salmon well done, though I wouldn't have expected it from a relatively sophisticated place like Mira's.  It was served on a salad of carrots and cucumber.  The carrots were...strange.  It seemed like they were lightly marinated in some sort of floral water.  Orange blossom?  Cannabis?  It didn't taste good, and worse, it made no sense.  The little bundle of fries on the side of the plate were quite delicious.  We ate the fries and left the carrots.

My friend ordered the chicken kabob.  The whole plate was thoroughly under-seasoned.  We searched in vain for a salt shaker, and since the two waitresses were chatting in the hall and we really couldn't proceed without the salt, I got up and asked her for some.  Once we applied the salt, the rice pilaf was actually quite good, but the chicken was so thoroughly overcooked, it was hard to swallow.  The chicken tasted like it had been rubbed with cayenne and nothing else, it was that bland (and yet weirdly spicy).  Throughout the meal, we kept saying incredulously, "I have never had such unpleasant chicken before."  We were mesmerized by how bad it was.

One quick word about the service: our waitress was polite and likable, but not terribly attentive.  We had to get up twice to talk to her since we weren't able to catch her eye from our table for several minutes.  I do not really mind doing this, except I felt a little embarrassed, but I know it bothers other people quite a bit.  

I wound of paying the the meal.  Going to Mira's had been my idea, and I felt guilty having my friends pay for such a disappointing meal, especially one that is rather expensive for our college student savings.  

Would have rated 3 or 3-1/2 starts, except for the chicken dish.  It might seem disproportionate to make the rating drop so much over one dish, but to serve something so bad, on a slow night (we were the only people receiving entrees at the time), reflects very badly on the kitchen.
Dammit, MidEast...

I went to a concert here last night and three seperate employees were rude to either me or a member of my party on three seperate occasions. Doorman, bar bouncer (I don't know, is that what you call these people?) and some random chick doing god-know's-what on an apparent power trip.

My boyfriend tried to leave with a coke, just a coke, no alcohol in it. He was told he couldn't take any cups outside. No wait, actually, it was more like she screamed it at him saying 'I don't fucking care if there's no alcohol in it, no cups leave the club, no questions asked.' He hadn't said one word to her. First things first, remove the stick that's apparently wedged up your ass. Secondly, there were a hundred different ways to say that, and almost all of them would've made a better impression than THAT. 

I understand the people they have to deal with on a nightly basis and that it's not always easy getting ideas through the heads of thick-skulled drunks. But I would err on the side of caution next time, just in case you're NOT speaking to someone like that. If I hadn't been seeing my favourite band (and then go on to meet them) that night, it would've ruined my night. Lame.
OMG....if you get just one thing, make it the tarna roll! It's the best thing...full of garlic crème, tender chicken strips, tomatoes, all rolled in a warm pita. This is my perfect snack when I am off to see a movie, its healthier than the junk they sell in the theatre....makes it a fun movie watching experience.

I have tried the lula kebabs plate too, it's a lot of food and I always end up sharing it with my hubby. The kebabs are amazing...but I would recommend doing a takeout as it's not the best place to sit and have a nice meal. I love the beets and the peppers that accompanies the food....perfect complement to the pita rolls or the kebabs!

When you are in the mood for some tasty but healthy version of fast food, head to Zankou....it's great!
The Beef is amazing!!

Hummus is great

This has got to be my favorite mediterranean spot
I got the Falafel sandwich here twice. I really liked the pita bread. The falafel was okay. I would probably eat here again and try something different on the menu. Nice service.
It is tiny so I would suggest getting your food to go.  I had the lamb platter, which came with fries, pita, hummus, and potato salad. The meat was nicely seasoned but pretty tough and the garlicky hummus was great on the pita. I personally liked the mustard flavored potato salad but you have to like mustard. Fries were pretty good. everything is prepared in front of you and made to order, which is rare and very much appreciated. Portions are pretty good and it came to $25 for 2 platters. Not bad!  Meze is still my go-to place for lamb but the prices here are maybe $2 cheaper  it was also pretty busy today and all tables inside and out were taken. A good, inexpensive option if you're on campus and want to grab a quick bite.
Delicious, delicious, delicious.  We always order the half chicen plate.  It comes with garlic paste, hommus, tomatoes, pickled turnips, and pita bread.  My mouth is watering thinking of it....mmmm
I've only been here a couple of times and never for the food but rather the Hookah. The service has always been pleasant. 

However, today I witnessed a very humane and caring side to the owner / manager that many might never get to see. This gentleman is names Mustafa and he helped to reassure my faith in my fellow human beings. 

While walking through Westwood today, I came across a dog that was left in the car with the windows left open a bit but not enough to cool the car down. The poor dog was panting and whimpering. Being the animal lover that I am, I was very upset. 

Mustafa along with the help of the Westwood Village Improvement Association Security personnel, we were able to keep the dog hydrated by giving him water through the cracked window. At first I was just pouring water into my cupped hand and letting the dog drink from there. Mustafa went into the restaurant and brought back a bowl for the dog and was petting his head while he drank. He was so kind and sweet to this dog. 

Later he came out with some food for the pup and once again gave him some attention to re-assure him. We called animal services after waiting for quite some time for the owner to come back. I had to leave because I had a meeting to attend. Mustafa and the other gentleman assured me they would keep an eye out on the dog until his owner finally arrived. 

I called the restaurant later and Mustafa informed me that they were able to calm the dog down long enough to get the number on his ID tag and called his owner. The owner showed up and retrieved him. 

I just want to say thank you for being so humane and helping take care of a complete stranger's dog. Proving once again, it sometimes takes a village.
I have been looking for this garlic sauce forever!  And yes I know about Zankou but that place feels chain like to me.  I used to eat at The Med place in Monrovia...it was healthy fast food..not the restaurant and it was awesome!  I had the pita chicken and my boyfriend had the lamb kebab plate which was awesome.  2 meals and one coke with a side of grape leaves and a double extra garlic sauce for under 20.00!  What a steal!  So glad I was surfing Yelp and read the other reviews!  Thanks all....
Chained to my desk one afternoon, my co-workers were kind enough to bring me back some food from Marmora. I practically fell over myself by how delicious it was. 

Now, my strange Italian mother is actually a middle eastern food nut, and I can't wait to take her here. Her infatuation with middle eastern food has consequentially led to me sampling a wide array of fare in this genre. I also love and hoard hummus like there is some kind of shortage... and Mamora's was the best hummus I've ever had. Not to mention the tzatziki sauce, which was also great and normally I don't even like it.

I've been back already (within a week) and had the same dish, the Gyro Platter, and although the food is a *little* expensive for a cafe, it's so very worth the price. Not to mention, the presentation of the food is very nice and it's also very healthfully made. The falafel (which a co-worker was kind enough to let me sample) isn't oily at all, and has a wonderful flavor. Their salads are laden with nuts and strawberries too, could a lunch get better than that?
Get a whole chicken. Get extra hummus. Get 3-4 extra garlic pastes. Get an extra packet of pita. And one salad. You will have a great time. This is what food is all about- simple, flavor.

(The preceding recommendation is intended for parties of two. Plan accordingly.)
love this place better than zankou chicken... love the chicken kabab plate! yummy. too bad their business hours are so short!! closed at 7pm! really... at 630 pm and eating inside the restaurant,  the employees start cleaning around you and stack the chairs!
This was one of the best lamb schwarma I've had. The lamb was well seasoned, crispy and tender. I love the pickles in the rollup - it goes so well with the tahini and spruces up the lettuce and tomatoes. Great price, quick service - whether its 2am or 12pm. I just wish the rollup didn't start falling apart halfway through eating it.
i got the lamb gyro and all i have to say is YUM.

oh and does anyone know how this cart is related to this cart? http://journalism.nyu.edu/pubzone/pavement/in/shangri-la-express-serves-tibetan-food-out-of-a-pushcart/
A friend turned me on to this place shortly after moving to AA to top off a night of drinking cheap beer.

A little over three years later, this place still makes it into my regular rotation and mostly because of one menu item.

I've managed to try the falafel and the chicken shawarma (always a sucker for a sandwich with french fries on it) and they are both solid. However, I very rarely find the will to order anything but the CAJUN CHICKEN PITA. This sandwich is definitely the shinning star.

The place itself is merely a tiny dive with a few tables and a small counter. But if you find yourself in the area and you need some quick, cheap, and delicious eats that will keep you filled up, check this place out.
Big ups to my man Ahmad for taking me to this bastion Turkish culinary delights.  Can't imagine how many times I've stumbled by this place over the years in pursuit of a buzz or a pretty little something in perfume and sequins.  In fact, the only reference I had to this place was that you should not park there at any costs if your headed to drink at one of the neighbors.  Boy was I missing out.

It was a great day to sit on the patio that is surprisingly cloistered from the din of nearby Morningside.  With various forms of music that had never landed on my ears playing in the background, we chatted with our French waitress and snacked on bread with an addictive olive oil and sesame seed dip.  I moved on to the Adana Kebab which is a hand-formed, seasoned lamb mixture that is grilled on a skewer and then served over a bed of perfectly cooked rice.  To wrap-up we both had a refreshing chilled rice pudding.  Refreshing?  Dessert?  Who knew?

The real value of this day however, was the cultural experience that this afternoon became.  Conversations with the waiters who all knew Ahmad, waxed philosophical about issues and topics that I rarely consider.  It was a welcome change, and it was a great way to spend the afternoon.
Totally awesome falafel. I can't decide whether this one is better than the Falafel King down on Broxton, because the other establishment puts fresh chips in their pitas and also serves baklava, but I really like 1) the great texture of the pita bread - both soft and crispy at the same time - at Bella Pita, and 2) their falafel is a little more flavorful. I think the good thing about Bella Pita is you get to put your own stuffing inside, because there is something they put in the falafel sandwich at Falafel King which I don't really like (something bitter, not sure what it is). But at Bella Pita you can choose whatever you want!

WARNING: 1) DO NOT OVER-STUFF FALAFEL (or else... falafel will explode :(!! 2) THE HOT SAUCE REALLY IS HOT!

Anyway I do think this place is a little expensive, if only because Sunset Mediterranean on Irving St. in SF sells a falafel sandwich twice as big for maybe $5.50.
Ali Baba is on a busy stretch of Craig Street near CMU and the museums, etc.  When I grabbed a late lunch today at around 2:00pm today they were still pretty crowded but the atmosphere and crowd were "cool" and the service was good.  

For some reason, I have turned into a baba ganoush fanatic lately.  The baba at Ali Baba (say that 3 times in a row and a genie will appear) was very fresh tasting but was a little bit on the bland side in my opinion.  There was a little too much oil (actually a puddle of oil) on top of the baba but there was some nice citrus taste to it.   The large portion of baba was definitely enough for 2 - I brought half of it home.

I also tried a spinach pie.  Good - not great.  Nice and toasted on the outside but just a tad undercooked and doughy on the inside.  Also a little on the bland side.  I wish they had a spinach-feta cheese pie option on the menu - maybe I should have asked.

My last trip to Ali Baba was over 10 years ago.  That visit included an incredibly hilarious and embarassing moment that I cannot post on the internet.  Well maybe one of these days after a few beers I will reveal - ha ha.  

Ali Baba is a good choice on Craig Street but there are better middle eastern choices in my opinion at Kassab's (Southside) and Taza 21 (Squirrel Hill).  With that said, I will try Ali Baba again one of these days.  I am intrigued that Ali Baba has it's roots in Syria so maybe I just need to appreciate the differences and give it another chance.
Come her for the shows not the food.  The food here sucks.
The best hummus ever. Creamy, flavorful and plenty.
Some things about this cafe are good, and some are bad. I give it 4 stars for the good, which I will presently elaborate upon. Their crepes. Something you must have in order to die happy is their banana nutella split. This is a warm crepe spread thick with nutella (hazelnut chocolate spread for those unfamiliar with it, a.k.a. heaven), add some chopped bananas, fold it over, put on a scoop of vanilla gelato & some chocolate syrup (and sometimes whipped cream). This thing is better than an orgasm from Brad Pitt. Other than this, they have coffee, teas, wraps, bagels, salads, and lots of things---sometimes too much to choose from. They're generally pretty slow in making food, but it's usually good when it's done. Now, this place has an upstairs hookah lounge, and you can enjoy your hookah inside or out depending on the weather. You order the hookah downstairs at the food counter (bring your ID they're usually sticklers that you're at least 18). Even if you're not really the hookah type of person, you should try this once in the summertime, or on a wonderful unseasonally warm day in early spring. Their upstairs (outdoor) patio, overlooking South U, is a perfect place to chill and people-watch and enjoy friends and nice weather.
Went here a couple days ago with some friends.  When we got there it was busy so the five of us had to squeeze into a 4 top instead.  The menu was extensive, and service was pretty attentive.  I ended up getting the lamb chops, which were pretty good.   I tried a bit of my friend's fish curry, and I liked that as well.  I ended up spending 20 dollars after tip.  In my opinion for the amount of food, it was a bit on the pricey side.  Overall, a nice new addition to the slew of restaurants already on Green Street.
Algiers is the kind of place you go to for lunch if you want to forget you have anything else to do.  In fact it's almost a necessity, because the service is not what you'd call snappy.  Still, the food is very good, the coffee is excellent, and the staff are always friendly.  A bit pricey, but for the area that's about what one would expect.
This place is pretty good.  I don't know why they call it "express"--it took 5 minutes to get my food after I ordered, which is pretty standard.

The pitas are very good, possibly a bit larger in portion than those at Pita Kabob Grill on Williams, and slightly cheaper.
omg my favorite place in the world.
if i was on death row, i would ask for my last meal from here.
get a half chicken with muttabal, hummous, and a couple of tubs of the most UNBELIEVABLE GARLIC BUTTER THINGY STUFF...
i cannot believe that i moved out of LA to SD when this place exists.
note to manager..........can you PLEASE OPEN ONE UP IN SAN DIEGO!?
Garbage service, and the food and atmosphere are no better.
This is not the best I've had but it's ok.  We had the gyro which was really good.  The best out of the 4 things we got. The pita was soft and cushiony and the meat/sauce was great. I had the chicken BBQ plate.  The pita was tough and probably reheated. Not cushiony at all. The meat was a little rubbery. The hummus was good but not very much.

I would have paid about $6 for this, not the nearly $8 we paid per plate.
It was good for what it was but I'll be looking elsewhere for something a little better.
As soon as you have one bite of their Lamb Pita, the first thought that will come to your mind is "why the fuck did I wait so long to check this place out?" It's THAT good. They grill up your order in a few short minutes and let you pick you own toppings from their toppings bar. I usually keep it pretty traditional and go with the standard tahini sauce, red onions, peppers, tomatoes, and lettuce. They also serve up some very tasty fries too, I might add.
My first impression was, "Mediterranean food? I'm on it!"

One of my good friends who worked in the Pasadena area took me here on his way out to run errands for work. Eric told me that it was his favorite spot to grab lunch and ate it almost every other day! Lack of influence on having a friend who yelps and likes to try new places. But after trying this place, I don't blame him, the food here is fresh and great for everyday meals...literally everyday, in the case of Eric (let that tell you something about this place)!

***Chicken Kebab: made with chicken breasts, marinated in lemon, garlic, and sprices. Served with rice, hommus, greek salad, and pita bread. The chicken was very juicy and tender, and went very well with the sides. Basically they give you a bit of everything you should try there.

***Beef Kabab: Flame broiled with the same sides as the chicken kebab. It's surprising how even without the seasoning and spices, it's still flavorful.

***Falafal: One of the best falafals I've had. It's the perfect crunchy texture with the right amount of spices and served with hommus, tahini sauce, and pita bread. I am a big falafal fan but a lot of times I find it to be too overpowering and the taste too strong. This one was fried perfectly and great tasting.

The lasting impression? "Chicken Kebabs, and oh man the hommus to die for (tarty, flavorful, soft and enough zing)!"
This place is a great little accent to offset the Middle East. The food is great and so are the drinks. I'll actually often will get take-out from ZuZu when I'm running an event over at TT's. Their lamb kabob is quite edible indeed. This is also the place that got me drinking Mojitos and probably the only place I'll order them with any regularity (a lot places screw them up). Their Dark & Stormy's are good too!

The size is cozy enough that they do really well with a wide and eclectic range of DJ'd events just about every night. Hair Metal, Soul, you name it. It gets crowded and loud so if you can't take that then don't go in there and get all upset about it acting like I didn't warn you.
Great chiken gyros .

Falafal is also one of the best . 

Perfect place to eat a lot with and still spend less :)
For Mediterranean food to-go, this is THEE spot to go to. 

I've been coming to the Westwood location for over 7 years and it is the best Mediterranean "fast-food" you'll get when you're in a hurry. The Santa Monica location is actually not as good... in terms of food, quantity, general friendliness. Portions are generous, everything smells and tastes delicious. 

I'm definitely a meat-eater but my absolute favorite thing to get here is the Vegetarian Plate where you can choose 5 different sides (out of their 20+ options of hummus, salad, eggplants, tabouli, chopped vegetables, etc.) and ON TOP OF ALL THAT, get 5 pieces of freshly made falafel. My favorite sides to get: hummus, yogurt with mint/cucumber, garlic eggplant, pickled radishes (pink), freshly peeled avocado. Pita bread and fried potato chips (actual potato slices deep fried) come standard. ALL for less than $10. I usually eat this in two sittings because there's just wayyyy too much food. 

Converting 4 friends from Zankou and counting...
we've been back here numerous times and each time we get deliciousness and good humored service.  5 stars for good food, and 5 stars for consistency.
This place is right next to where I work, so it's just convenient. I don't think the food is that great at all; it's not bad, but I've had much better. 

I usually stick to the falafel wraps and chicken schwarmas.  I always feel like the chicken is dry though. 

Atmosphere is good for a casual lunch.  The place is packed between 12-1:30p, so I usually try to head down there at 11:50a if I'm planning on getting some takeout.  Service is pretty quick though.

I still grab lunch from this place when I'm in a rush and sick of the cafeteria food, but I do wish there were better mediterranean restaurants in the area.
I know that people feel inclined to venture into Falafel King to get their shawarma fix, but believe me when I say you should probably avoid this place. Unless you hit this place up during lunch hour when it's busy, the food is never going to be fresh. It sits in trays all day in large quantities, waiting for people to come by and take its stalest layer off the top.

Most of the vegetables that you will get from the salad bar, are of course, straight out of large Cisco cans and are not going to captivate your taste senses.

The grilled meats themselves are decent, but a lot of the sides are greasy (the potatoes in particular). If you are in the mood for falafel or pita in general, I recommend you wander North one block and check out the satellite location of Bella Pita.
Congrats FC for popping my review cherry!! Called for delivery. Called again AN HOUR later and guy said: he's a few min away. Twenty min later food still wasn't delivered. 
And the guy was legit surprised when I didn't tip. In addition, GOT UPSET AT ME!!!! Are you serious??
Nice work, FC, for your professionalism.
This is a sweet little place that serves delicious Middle Eastern food.  The spanikopita and stuffed grape leaves are good, and the potato and Armenian bulgur salads we tried were outstanding. There are numerous other salad options to try as well, including lentil and fava bean salads.  If you have room for dessert, there is an entire pasty case filled with various mouth-watering phyllo dough-based concoctions.
Best falafel ever! All their food is great but the falafel is my favorite. They have great spicy sauce and a great hummus!
Had a really good lamb pita for only $6.50!  Get it to go, though -- place only had 4 seats and is hot.
Mixed chicken and lamb shawarma was so delicious, it almost--almost--rivals Falafel Corner's roll-up in Harvard Square. Also had the spicy potatoes. Basically you get a ton of food for $10. The plates didn't look all that appetizing to me, but I heard it was good from people who ordered them.

As for the place, it gets super packed during lunch time with everyone who works around Kendall Square. We only waited about 5-10 minutes because the line is so fast. Go early before noon if you want to grab seats. The food is definitely more appropriate for lunch than dinner.
The service was fast and friendly and the falafel was moist and tasty.  But the falafel sandwich was overloaded with bland lettuce, no hummus, and the wrap was a bit dried out.  Maybe going again I'd know to order differently, but given the other reviews, I was a bit disappointed.  Overall, good prices and the food might get better if you order exactly what you want.
Super cheap food with a husband-wife team running this joint. The service is only spotty because it's one person out there running the show, and she is doing a damn good job at it. 

I was just so surprised that with my omelette I got vegetables with my homefries! 

In terms of cheap breakfasts, this place wins over Dunkin Dono.
Keep in mind, this place, despite being situated down the street from Pasadena City College, isn't exactly poor college student-friendly. I get that they're coping with inflation, but shit, they could do better with the prices they charge. Nonetheless, it has been three years since I've been here, so I'll review with some leeway.

The chicken shawerma wraps were mediocre. The chicken was dry, over-salted, under-flavored, and tough to chew. The lamb shawerma didn't fare any better, and had the same qualities. Whatever they put on their fries, on the other hand, made them pretty good.

Pros: Some spices
Cons: Price, low quality meat and veggies
Bella Pita has saved my life a countless number of times during my years as a UCLA student when I was too stressed/lazy/lacking sobriety to find other food. But, in addition to just owing it a good review, I honestly think this place is an awesome fast food joint. 

Favorites are definitely the lamb or falafel pita. Lots of people like the wowshis but those have less stuffing space sooo I go with the pitas. Usually just get fries as the side. Anyway, if you haven't gone yet, the best part of Bella Pita is you get to stuff your pita/wowshi with anything from their salad bar (which has awesome stuff btw). Places offering freedom like this usually excite me... I tend to go overboard with it to the point of borderline pita explosion. If you're like me, my tip is to eat with a fork so you can kinda toss the food and sauces around inside. Otherwise, you'll never find your meat in there.. I guarantee that. 

Speaking of sauces, I really like their "really spicy sauce" because it's actually spicy! I'd really recommend mixing this sauce with the "white sauce" for your fries dip. That is all. Happy stuffing!
Cedars sells one of the better falafel sandwiches in Seattle.  Forget about the pita, which does nothing beyond keeping the sandwich from falling into your lap, and just think about the falafel, which is crunchy, chewy, and not at all greasy.  Sauce and vegetables are present in just the right quantities.  It's not every day I make an effort to retrieve lettuce that's fallen on to my plate.

Sure, it's not the best sandwich in town (Mr Gyros is better, Aladdin is about the same), but at $3.50 for a full-sized sandwich it's got to be one of the best deals.  Other sandwiches are only slightly more expensive, and the lentil soup is a complete meal if you aren't too hungry.

Atmosphere is not a strong point of Cedars, but that can be said about most places in the neighborhood.  Don't worry, there's a take-out window.  After re-discovering Cedars I don't know why I wasted all that time at Aladdin.  Even a non-student could love this place.
Was treated to lunch there today of kibbeh meat pies as an appetiser and mixed grill platter with chicken, falafel, and lamb.  I have to admit that I was very disappointed with the whole meal.  The only part of the dish that tasted good was the kibbeh fried meat pies.  As far as the platter goes, the yellow rice was virtually tasteless and the lamb again was terribly overcooked.  I think all the chef/owner does is take some pre-cooked meat, throw it on his grill for a minute or two, and press down hard until it's heated up.  The appetiser only included 4 small oblong pies with a few shreds of lettuce for $5.  The platter was around $12 and definitely, I felt, had been marked up too high for what you got.  After today, I'm not really sure if I'll return.
This is one of the best sandwich places in Seattle. The lamb shawarma is amazing and the garlic sauce is fantastic. This is a must go to place for lunch.
i saw mary lou lord last year (it's funner to catch her in the subway).  intimate venue.  it was okay.  been to the restaurant a couple times.  

decided i was too old to be hanging around self-satisfied indie hipsters.  been content with staying at home on my comfy couch listening to my sea and cake cds and not playing the who knows more about music duel.

that's right.   i'm a bitter old woman.  :)  

http://www.theonion.com/content/node/46691
I love the Middle East. Is it a divey bar? Yes. It is dark and dingy? Yes. Do they have decent bar food and the most diverse and incredible line-up of bands anywhere in Boston? YES! Don't come here looking for a five star dining experience. Don't come here looking for a frou-frou drink with an umbrella. However, you are welcome to join me for a damn good beer, revelry with a great crowd and to share in an incredibly deep history of amazing band performances. You can see any number of amazing bands, from local to major headliners, for less that $20, often for about $10. This place is beat-up, but I call it home. If you want something yummy, try the hummus.
i looove zankou chicken so much!!!  the servers and cashiers in this branch can be really mean though.  you ask for more of that garlic paste and you could see the fire coming out of their eyes, hot enough to cook the meat rotating off that vertical spit.
I've only been to Tallula's for drinks, so I can't comment on the food, but I can comment on the nightlife.

I've come here a few times with friends to sit down and have a few drinks. It is not as crowded as most local bars in the area, and it's a much more laid back scene. Because of this, it provides a nice setting to have good conversation. This is, of course, if you don't go on a DJ night when the music is so loud you can't hear anyone talk. That's actually the main reason I can't give Tallula's 5 Stars- I think it's trying to be something that it's not. I enjoy the more mellow Tallula's, not Tallula's turned club. Go on an off night, and you'll enjoy your time more.
Only giving one star because none isn't an option.

Simply put the food is unbelievably nasty and the service is terrible. 

Seriously, how do you mess up bacon?
Great falafel, lamb & fish (the tilapia in phyllo dough I had was really tasty), interesting hummus & a thicker, interesting take on Turkish bread. As others have said... service seemed a bit shaky, but excellent ambience and good, fairly priced food are more important any day of the week that ends with "y."
The food is so good, that it's worth suffering through sketchy service and the drab dining room.

I just tried the falafel pita sandwich and a veggie sandwich--both delicious. The pita was grilled for the falafel sandwich and the veggies on it were really fresh. I took the veggie one home for dinner and it didn't suffer at all by sitting in the fridge and then  getting nuked. 

My last trip wasn't so good. Went in with a coupon and ordered a special meal. Didn't get everything I ordered. Tried to get the attention of the guy behind the counter when I realized that I didn't have all my food, but he walked away. Gave up. I did pay the right price for what was on my plate, but it wasn't everything I asked for. The [kafta kebob] was very good, despite the service. 

The dining room is really small--four tiny tables and a counter, so it only holds a couple of groups at a time. And it could use a remodel. Fixtures are old and mismatched. Paint job looks like it was done by the cooks. And ceiling tiles colored with highlighter don't count as decorating. 

Pita Kabob could be five stars if they had great service and if they fixed up the place a little. But it's fine the way it is, because the food is great and it's cheap.
Mmm long log-shaped meat!

Really though, it's quite tasty.  The grilling-guy knows what he's doing and will not be rushed, he has to get your meat perfect, which I appreciate.

I got a sandwich and a plate to share with a friend.  Both were yum. 

There are also a bunch of middle-easternish food items for sale (like a mini-market).  I didn't get a chance peruse, but if you cook at home a lot it might be worth checking out. 

I'd recommend getting the sandwich if you are getting it to-go, the plate is kind of precarious to eat on the run.
This place is really a gem. Survived off it when they first opened my senior year at UCLA, and always return whenever I am in Westwood. 

It is relatively healthy, fresh, and affordable! The staff is super nice, and there is nothing better then a hot black bean wowshi stuffed with stuff from the self serve vegetable/hummos bar.
Falafel at 2am on a Monday night...where to go?  Keep in mind a few drinks are in and have started taking on effect.  At this instant, anything with grease, meat, and plenty of sauces will absolutely do the trick.  It's as if the Falafel Corner knew we were coming as it lit up brightly with that neon pink OPEN sign bordered by neon dark blue.  Everyone who has seen that at 2am after a night of drinking knows what I'm talking about.  

the three of us shared 2 lamb falafels......bite bite pass......and don't mess up the rotation.  Lamb was on the money and the graduate people we were waiting in line with had agreed too.  Our selection was approved by the locals.  score!  oh, and its dirt cheap too.  Thank you college town late night food.
I love Zankou. Always consistent and always solid. I seek out Zankou every time I'm in LA.
Adequate, but no comparison to Jerusalem Garden, which is only a block away. 

Agree with other reviewers that the ordering process / space layout seem inefficient and weird. While the people who work there seem well-intentioned, they do seem relatively unexperienced.

The falafel I've had is about the same quality as Pita Kabob Grill and most other "middle-eastern" places in Ann Arbor. In other words, a huge step down from Jerusalem Garden! The wrap felt a bit flimsy and unfulfilling.
I'd heard of Zankou Chicken before and knew that it was a chain of restaurants of some sort but didn't know much about it.  After hearing more about it from people I knew, I decided to check out the menu, which is Mediterranean based and looked terrific, so a couple of weeks ago, I had occasion to try the Pasadena location.

The Pasadena branch is fairly unassuming and is just a storefront on busy Colorado Blvd.  There is a sign that advertises the existence of a parking lot in the back, but we just found parking on a nearby side street.

The restaurant itself was a pretty good size, and it was busy on this Saturday afternoon.  I looked through the menu choices, and I decided on the kebab combo plate, with the chicken and beef.  And because I happen to love tabouleh, I also ordered a side of that.  I think the husband ordered the shawerma plate.

On the menu in the restaurant, there's a sign that says kebab orders take a bit longer, so we took a seat to wait for our food.  I'm thinking they don't cook any of what you order until you order it because it took a lot longer than I expected for our food to arrive.  It was also quite busy in the restaurant, so that might have had something to do with the wait as well.

When our food was finally ready, I was surprised to see that the servings of the sides that come with the plates were *very* generous.  And the side of tabouleh that I got was probably enough to serve four people, at least.  I thought everything tasted good, but I ended up with about half my food left over, so I took that home and finished it for dinner on another night.  The husband enjoyed his food, though I think he thought there was more grease at the bottom of the plate than he had expected.

I would definitely visit another location of Zankou Chicken again (the Pasadena location isn't particularly convenient for my everyday life, but it happened to be near another business I needed to go to that day), but I'll have to remember to go before I'm really hungry because it'll be a wait for the food to arrive, and I'll have to remember to order a smaller plate and not to order the tabouleh because the side portion is just too much.
I remember the first time I walked into Tom's Tabooley. I was in a bit of a hurry on the way to a show downtown, so I didn't have time to fully appreciate it. I promised myself I would come back, and I am so glad I did. Tom's Tabooley has fantastic food that warms my vegetarian heart, and a quaint coffee menu. They also offer a great selection of canned beverages and hard-to-find candies.

The atmosphere is lovely. Tom's is casual: There are tables, booths, and couches. In addition to that, there are plenty of board games if you feel like loafing around for a while.

After all is said and done, Tom's Tabooley is probably my favorite restaurant ever. I have nothing to complain about: excellent food, excellent atmosphere, and excellent people behind the counter (as well as excellent prices...yessss!)
Nice middle-eastern place near CMU.
I usually get the 'Vegetarian Special' which is box with rice, hummus and baba ganoush (and bread). They also have awesome 'Sleek' which is this awesome concoction of kale, onions and beans.. tried it for the first time today and loved it.
The owner seems to really care about his food... always reminds me to hold box the right way when I get take-out.. seems like he really knows his middle-eastern food.
Awesome place, but a bit on the pricier end, I could get a more diverse platter of food for cheaper at the middle-eastern truck at margaret morrison st.
Great local Lebanese and better than others I have been to recently. Went here on a Wed. evening and the place was pretty busy. The baklava is to die for...best I have tasted this side of the pond. I had the chicken kebab platter. The chicken is great and the tabbouleh salad that came with it wonderful. We had a side of pita, hummus and falafel. My wife had stuffed grape leaves which were so so and the vegetarian platter which was good. We came with our 10 month son and the place is pretty child firendly. Will be back...many times probably. Cost us about $50 in total, which I guess is OK value.
Solid, but I had better.  Based on the high ratings, I was hoping this would compare to what I had in GREECE.. but it wasn't even close.
Taste very nice and the chicken in chicken caesar pocket is spicy and rich in flavor.
I come here a lot when I feel like having chicken kabob or marinated beef kabobs.  It's not cheap just under $10 but the plate comes with rice, beans and salad.  It's nice that food is cooked after you order but it's worth the wait. The other restaurant nearby which had chicken kabob or skewers is no longer down the street on Lake. Love their hummus.  I think theirs is one of the best around town.  So good.

Don't care for their chicken shawerma.  It's a little too greasy for me.  I've gotten an upset stomach a few times.  I've never had their grilled vegetables but it looks so good in the window.
Huh.  Because of its storefront, I'd always dismissed Taza 21 as some sort of chain restaurant, but it isn't a chain!  Inside you'll find all sorts of tasty, affordable Middle Eastern-style food, as well as tables and chairs adorned with red glitter.  And the people who run the place are very nice.

Try the falafel wrap, if you get a chance, as it's quite good.  They make their falafel with both fava beans and chickpeas, and serve it with all the usual fixings, including sumac seasoned red onions.  Also, you'll be offered either chips or a cucumber-yogurt sauce as a side, and I highly recommend the latter for dipping.

Basically, what I'm trying to say here is this: don't do what I did and dismiss Taza 21 as a lame chain restaurant!  It's actually very good and, from what I can tell, family-run.
I definitely need to come back here and try it again. 

Moody's has a great small-town feel with obviously lots of fans - evident by the packed interior on a late Friday night (keep in mind this place is open until the early morning).

Unfortunately, I wasn't blown away by the super combo plate I got (chicken, hummus, tahini, lots of fresh veggie mixes (onions, tomatoes, cilantro). It was a little too light on the chicken, a little too heavy on the veggies. BUT I can see the potential for more satisfying meals here in the future (read: ALL CHICKEN plates).

The hummus, the pitas, the shredded chicken, the veggies. LOVING IT.
Light on the sauces, PLEASE. I felt as if I was trying to consume a middle eastern soup sandwich. Trust me, the execution functions as terribly as the theory sounds.

Americanized, but great for the area. The best gyro I've ever had is at Mad Greek's Diner in Baker, CA, which is 2,911 mi away so I suppose this will do.

I'm also sure you can get better gyros in Greece.
Good prices, good food.  The guys working the counter were pretty mellow despite the crowds.  They even noticed that we stepped outside while waiting and looked out the window and motioned that our food was ready.  They could have just left it on the counter.  And I know that if I was working that counter I wouldn't remember the faces of who ordered what, let alone remember where we were standing.  The only negative: they were out of some drinks and the selection left a bit to be desired.

That said, the shawarma was delicious.  My fava bean thing was okay, but I should have gotten falafel or just hummus or tabouli instead.  Can't wait to go back.
Healthy, delicious and way better than Zankou.  Their Chicken Shawerma is so juicy and delicious and you can order it with salad for a Chicken Shawerma Salad!  Their vegetarian dishes are really great too.  

They are super duper quick with orders too.  You are in and out as quick as you can bat an eye. 

This is a family owned business and the only drawback is that when the familia goes on a vacation so does the restaurant.
Delicious. Not as good as Lesvos in the South Side, but still great. Gyros are served to you in almost 5 minutes and they never leave me disappointed.
Hands down my favorite place to see bands in the boston area.
The food in the restaurant is tasty too.

I'm very sad that I did not score tickets to this years Hometown Throwdown resurrection.
This place is run like a well oiled machine.  When we walked in there was quite the line, but it was over and we had delicious sandwiches in our ands in less than 5 minutes.  We of course ordered the falafel wrap with everything on it.

I have to say, I was mightily impressed with what they put on it.  Pickles?! A-mazing.  Yogurt cucumber sauce really helped cool the mouth after a bite of the hot falafel.  Tabbouleh was also a nice touch.  The hummus was a little too liquidy for me and the falafel themselves? Well they were terrific obviously, but they didn't have as much flavor as the falafel's at Falafel King.  However, even with all those additions, I think it was cheaper than Falafel King, which is pretty good.  Also, I really enjoyed their hot sauce, which had a very tomato taste to it and was a pleasant surprise.

I can see how this is definitely a popular spot for the college kids.  As it was move-in weekend for all the surrounding colleges, the place was pretty packed, and since it's on the small side, didn't have a spot to sit until one of the tables outside was vacated.  I would definitely be here on a regular basis if I went to school in the surrounding area.
my favorite place to eat in berkeley! its a cute little place with really delicous food =)
Memories... PhD students in all black, sitting in their own smoke clouds, drinking strong Arabian coffee night and day... Angst. I love this place. Coffee is excellent, atmosphere is very soothing, food is yummy.
Located in Montgomery Shopping Center, don't expect ambiance, but do expect a good meal.  The interior is no-frills, with the exception of the scenic photos of Lebanon lining the walls.  I almost always ordered the Vegetarian Platter for dinner, which consists falafel, hummus, baba ghanouj, tabbouleh, lettuce, and tahini.  His favorite seems to be the lamb platter with tabbouleh and fries.  Everything is served with a basket of warm pita bread.  Lastly, the baklava.  Look, it's pretty hard to find bad baklava, but this is definitely one of the best.  We always go with the traditional pistachio or walnut, but they do a cashew and almond too.  Definitely a good meal.
awful experience here yesterday.

No more amazing pancakes! They are now only doing waffles! The food was mediocre at best. They had a band warming up downstairs and it was extremely loud, was unable to enjoy our food.  Our waitress was inattentive, did not know the menu and was not very helpful.  

I won't be coming back to the Middle East, which stinks b/c I have a $30 groupon here! Argh, maybe one more time then.
Try it once, but never again.  This place is cool but way overpriced with bad service and shady business practices produced.  Most other hookah bar's charge around $25 or so, but as soon as we came in these rude people said "There's a $15 minimum for each of you, OK?" umm yeah... not okay this business owner is just all about greed.  He walks around in his black and red suit sunglasses being the definition of douche. They charged us $76.95 for 4 people to smoke 1 hookah. What a rip!
Excellent! The food was so authentic and delicious. Service was fast and so helpful. We had hummus and tajine, falafel, shish kebab combo, Jerusalem salad, lentil soup, and fatoush. So good!
The desserts are great, baklava and white nights
We highly recommend this place!
Good food, reasonably fast, my food took a little longer than others and I noticed the lady working the counter tell another patron she forgot to make his food. Which was of course good for me, but bad for him. I'd definitely recommend this place though. Great specials w good prices
When your craving grease----pig out on a bag of falafel king potato chips.  They are disgustingly delicious and super crunchy.  I think I almost felt a heart attack coming at one time!!! Shawarma and gyros were  good too.  I need to try the other stuff when I go back for more chips.
I am so very surprised that Hummus rating is 3,5 stars! There is no tastier food on earth (I'm not talking about home cooked meal). I have been eating there for a year already and don't remember the time I was even nearly disappointed.
The line is always going fast and cashiers are friendly as  they know you forever. They misspell my name almost every time, it became a game to me and I am happy as a baby when they do spell it right!
Sandwiches are the best here, cause they are not heavy and you can choose the ingredients. I get felafel with whole wheat pita or shawarma!
The order is ready fast and food is fresh always! 
I also love the reward program: in spite of being busy, they still give you motivation to come more!
 I hope they will have another locations soon, one of which will be in the Rittenhouse Sq.
When I went to school in Chapel Hill this would be my least favorite place to get a pita despite the fact that this Pita Pit usually has a higher sanitary inspection rate than most of the chains and local restaurants.  Why?  I never felt comfortable inside the restaurant.

For one, the food is so costly--those pitas start at $3.50 which is a fortune on some students' budgets.

I also agree with the sneeze guard complaint--I'm a short woman.  I can't even see the ingredients that I can put on the pitas because the guard is so high.  I've been disappointed with some of the pitas I've gotten and I just didn't want to go back and get them fixed because I didn't check my pita before leaving the eatery.  And I want to get out of there as soon as possible because it is so small and it is so crowded.

The food's okay--it won't be the best you can get on Franklin Street--but I wouldn't suggest trying to get a pita there.  At least in person.
Was here with a friend on a weekday evening and armed with a coupon, we went all out--cocktails, mezzes, entree and dessert. Our waiter was incredibly attentive, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. We stayed until a little past closing hour and we never felt rushed. The weather outside was nice so we sat outside that night, but I've dined inside before and the atmosphere is lovely, especially the romantic window seat with the curtains.

I'm not very familiar with Turkish food so I don't think I can do justice reviewing the food, but for all I know, the Hünkar Beendi (Sultan's Delight), was amazing. We had the chicken that night, but I know I will be getting this again, perhaps with the sirloin the next time I come. Who knew you could make such a tasty sauce with eggplants? I also loved their Künefe, a dessert with shredded wheat wrapped around cheese, baked and drizzled with syrup. Sweet and addictive.

Food and service were great that night, but I have to admit, even though the quality of food was great, compared to the quantity, the food is still rather expensive. I also remember having a bad experience with service when I had gone with friends a couple years before, but my most recent visit tells me it really depends on who is serving you. Our waiter was quite awesome.

I have yet to visit the night side of this place, but dinner is worth a try. Tallulas definitely spices up Franklin St with some variety.
I love the whipped garlic. Obviously not something to eat on a date, but it's great with fries, veggie burgers, I'm sure meaty burgers, pretty much anything. It's just so damn good. They have a good beer and drink selection, the ambiance is nice, you can usually see art from local artists displayed on the walls, and the service is usually really good.

I go to a lot of shows here. I think they are a venue more appropriate for louder music, like rock or punk, as some of the more nuanced artists(especially electronic ones) I've seen here (Autechre, Plaid, Silver Mt Zion) have been plagued by muddy sound quality. I'm sure this is in part because the downstairs used to be a bowling alley, and no matter what the sound is going to be impacted by that. Also, it can be annoying to stand so far away from an artist you want to *see* when in such a long and narrow room.

The upstairs isn't as bad soundwise, and is set up better for viewing bands. Plus lately it seems like more shows I want to see are being held up there.

So yeah, I mean, this is definitively one of the homes for live music in Boston/Cambridge, and you most likely didn't need me to tell you that. But hopefully you learned something about the tasty garlic.
We had a good time. Huge menu of interesting food.
What is it about the pita sandwich that I love so much?  Warm it up, split it open, fill it up ... and make the colors of the rainbow.  As you're hopefully well aware, I was raised to know only one Westwood pita-emporium, and that's his majesty, the Falafel King.  But after getting a couple of heated and ardent Grub-suggestions from my buddies Rapir D., Alexis S., and Felicia C. to check out Bella Pita, I knew I wouldn't be able to keep up my pita-monogamous lifestyle much longer.  And with confidence I can say ... Baby, it's fun to be a swinger.  Bella Pita just offers a different dimension to the pita game, not better, just different.  For starters, you've got a very simple... yet beautiful... process going down at this place. Pick your filling ... from steak to falafel (a fan favorite of my vegetarian accomplice, Rapir D.) and either stick with the pita or go for a "Wowshi." Yeah ... I'm not making it up. The Wowshi is more of a stuffed, grilled pocket-of-flavor, where the pita is a warm, open house-of-love.  On this night The Good Grub followed in the footsteps of our Grub-mate and stayed with the pita varietal ... but with a name like Wowshi, it's only a matter of time before we're back again to try it out.  We got our steak pita, and it starts off with just a warm pita pocket and a healthy base of thick, grilled steak.  And we're talking high-quality, beef put to fire, not the rotating-multi-layered-cone-o-meat that looks like a souvenir rock our Great Aunt Reva brought back from the Grand Canyon (which we actually love on most occasions ... the meat not the rock ... but flame-grilled steak trumps all).  And this is where the journey takes off.  Because to the right of the counter is a do-it-yourself smörgåsbord (yeah ... we're cultured) of pita fillings ... from tahini to humus, cucumber salad to neon-purple-pickled-radish.  This place is like the color-me-mine of the pita sandwich ... but in a good way.  Rapir D. gave us the heads up and we added the "Really Hot Sauce" to our pita, where we're pretty sure the "Really" stands for "Really freakin' good!"  Pair up your pick with a side of french fries or our new-found-favorite-food ... fried cauliflower.  Moms out there, listen up. If you want your kids to eat their vegetables, just deep fry them until they're a golden brown and dip them in your choice of humus, tahini, or really hot sauce!  Pair it all up with a Mexican Coke in a its real sugar glory or go for a bottle of Martinelli's. Sure, it's not the tiny apple sized bottle your grandma used to serve you, but I guess there's a time for every boy to become a man.  Drink and side-order choice aside, this place is definitely worthy of joining the Westwood Grub-rotation.  Because that's what The Good Grub journey is all about, trying new "dude-you've-got-to-try" Grub spots. And we're telling you, the Bella Pita is just one of those place's you've gotta try ... Dude.
Flavorful Hummus
Enough table space for four
Average service

Dirty Neighborhood
Grape leaves slightly oily
Pita in my mouth
A solid three star!

Drove around the block once and didn't see the entrance to their parking lot, I almost gave up on Zankou because I was in a hurry. Just then, I noticed a spot, a little tight, left 1/10th of my car blocking a drive way, but I decided to risk it. Parked and 'ran'. 

Having studied their menu online, I knew exactly what I wanted. Half chicken tarna + half falafel plate. Only that wasn't one of the menu options, but I thought I could play up my charm, plus I was willing to pay for the pricier plate, just give me less of the chicken and two pieces of the falafel. However, after much 'please, pretty please', no deal, then the staff  tells me that I can purchase individual falafel...

I guess that could work, too. 

my gosh, that was a lot of food, the chicken alone is enough to feed 3 people!!!!!!!! The meat could be more moist, but not bad with the sauce. Falafels were big but a little too salty and not as flavorful as some of the other ones I've had before. But hey, for what you are paying, a great deal!

I would definitely recommend if you have a middle eastern food craving, have a Zankou Chicken close by and want to save some greens... ;)
amazing hummus. Speaking as someone who has been
eating it his entire life made at home... rice is a little bland
and chicken is nothing too special... BUT THE GARLIC SPREAD IS THE MOST DELICIOUS THING YOU WILL GET HERE.  I CAN EAT IT ALL DAY EVERY DAY NON STOP. AMAZING.
Another place I only visited recently. Came here my first night at my new apartment. I heard a lot of great things about this place. I definitely overdid myself with the toppings (who can say no to hummus!), especially with the tomatoes and lettuce. But definitely a great place to visit in Westwood.
Had the Kafta Kabob pocket all the way.  Was quite impressed, good amount of meat in there, and unlike most places, I didn't have a puddle of tzatziki, yogurt, and hummus as the bottom of my wrap.

Now... just need to find a place that does doner kababs and we'll be in business....
I lived in S. Pasadena for awhile, and Zankou Chicken was definitely one of our favorite places to grab dinner. There's not a lot of places to eat in Pasadena. There's a lot of watered down restaurants, and Old Town Pasadena is teeming with cooperate owned chain restaurants that are overpriced and don't taste so good, so we've have to drive all the way to Zankou's to get a decent dinner. The chicken is crunchy and juicy, and I personally love the the garlic mayo. I'm Asian, so sometimes I buy rice for $2. Yeah. The prices don't seem to match the atmosphere, but the food was good. Now that I'm on the Westside, I have a Zankou's chicken nearby, but I haven't any because now I'm overwhelmed with new places to try.
Healthy, Cheap, Open LATE!

Falafel are really good here, and I recommend sharing the wowshi if you get it(unless you are VERY hungry). The golden prize at this place is the toppings bar! And if you are a fan of spicy, their "REALLY HOT SAUCE" is good!! it bathe my order in that sauce. There's also other tasty dressings available as well. Stuffing the pita is the best part, but try to only go back once especially if they are busy. 

I've always been here late after a fun night out, its a much healthier alternative than getting that 4X4 animal style from in n out next door, or the deadly burritos or dream fries the other way. Highly recommend this place! Go indulge, weather it be late night or lunch break.
Get the Vegetarian Plate, its bomb and its a lot of food! We go here when we're in westwood and craving falafels you can't get better falafels than this place! Besides... afterwards you can walk around Westwood, chill, shop.. yah know.
I'd like to point out my '3 star' score is a composite rating: 2 stars for the food and 4 stars for the hookah bar.

This popular non-alcoholic night spot located in the heart of UCLA's westwood and a natural social node for west LA's persian population, serves your standard kebab-style middle eastern fare by day and flavored hookah smokes by night.  Oh and did i mention that this place is open til 4 am?

As mentioned by many, the food is...ok.  Prices are reasonable and the menu is fairly standard when it comes to your shish-kebabs, schwarmas, falafels, etc, but doesn't really dazzle.  But given the low-key atmosphere and decor, i have no particular issues with the food.  

The late night-time is where this place really comes alive.  This is when you focus on the hookah menu offering several flavored varieties of the middle eastern non-cannabis bong experience.  Couple with some appetizers, teas/juices (good for the dry throat after a few too many puffs) and a lively atmosphere (keep a lookout for the owner and his Rolls Royce parked out in front, which is a trip in itself) plus the pounding club music next door.  It's a nice way to enjoy a fun, club-like outdoor atmosphere where ppl can chill, have a relaxing smoke, watch the denizens of westwood gorge on ice cream cookie sandwiches across the street.

Just be warned that parking anywhere in westwood is tough and will cost you (lucky for me i'm UCLA and can park for free less than a block away) but its definitely worth the time spend if you want a little late night laid back fun with some friends.
I did not share a hookah, I shared a pastrami sandwich. I did not smoke jasmine mango peanut crunch tobacco, I searched aimlessly for the drinks. Settled for water, the kind with bubbles.

Sandwich was good. I heard from a Bruin Alumnus an identical sandwich can be found 1 block away for a lot less. That must be the premium for second-hand hookah smoke.

Of course this place did inspire me to open my own restaurant. Everyone is going to chew an octopus at the same time. Tables of 8 only. Then we are going to slump over on the sidewalk and talk about mid-terms.
I wouldn't say this place is super amazing or a one-of-a-kind spot, but sometimes a delicious gyro sounds irresistible and when it does, this is the place I go.

The lamb/beef/chicken/ gyros are all a square $5 after tax.  They don't skimp on the seasoning or toppings, it's always hot, and the flavors are great.  The guys running the place are always pretty nice, too.
I purposely came here after work on a Friday after 6pm to use my Campuscred voucher (paid $5 for a $10 credit). 

I ordered the Falala (it was fun to say out loud!) which was a pita sandwich, salad bar, fries, and a soda for $7.95. In addition I ordered 3 chocolate falafel balls ($0.75 each) to put my order over $10. I only paid $1.19 for my meal after using the voucher...not bad!

Atmosphere: it was EMPTY when I came in, but people were probably at Cafe Durant chugging down beers during happy hour.  This place would not good for big crowds, but you and a couple of friends can come here and sit next to the window to watch people walk down Durant.

Food: a little disappointed that the salad bar looked a little empty and slightly wilting, so I stuck with the pickled veggies and put some tahini sauce over it. The falafels themselves were good--crispy on the outside and good texture on the inside and very flavorful. My pita had 5 balls in it. Fries were fluffy and you can have a choice of regular or spicy ketchup on the side. Go for the spicy!! But best of all...CHOCOLATE FALAFEL BALLS. Rich chocolate on the outside and the texture of the falafel made it creamy yet chewy. Too bad $0.75 for one is a little steep in my opinion. 

Would I come back? Maybeeee. But I've had better falafels at Sunrise Deli. I'll come back for a chocolate falafel as a treat if I'm really craving it. Thanks for the Campuscred promo though!
Hands down the best pockets you will find anywhere in Providence. The chicken falafel combo is amazing, as is the chicken kabob pocket... The counter service is fast and efficient, but it definitely helps if you know exactly what you want when asked... 

Get there just before noon, as the place gests crowded in a hurry. Seating is limited to about 12-15 people, so takeout is often your best option...
Close to 400 reviews 4.5 star average. 

There is not a lot to say about this place that hasn't been said. But this is for anyone that wants to come here for the first time. 

If you come at lunch it's going to be busy and parking will be tough. Also when you get to the counter be prepared to order. There are not a lot of options and the menu is available online. 

Should something happen that you don't like or don't agree with and you complain it will go on deaf ears. The owner takes this as you telling him how to run his business and the line out the door is the only thing he cares about. 

With all that said this is one of the best places for lunch in Pasadena. And it is good value for the money. 

They are now open on Saturdays which is nice.
Great Falafel.  
It's no falafel dave's, but ... its cleaner.
This was an unexpected food stop that turned into my favorite meal in Seattle!!!  I heard that Seattle had good Mediterranean food, but this hole in the wall really blew my mind.  My friend got the lamb and beef gyro and I got the falafel.  Both were decadent and full of flavor.  The meat was tender, and the falafels were fried perfectly.  They were very generous with the fillings too.  The pita breads they came in were soft and chewy and warm... and the white sauce brought all the other delicious elements together.  To top it off, the one man working behind the counter was very friendly and patient with us.  Love this place!!
UPDATE:  Apparently I lied.  OR someone lied to me  Cedars is still open.  Someone tell me if it was all a bad joke and I'm going to hurt the person who told me.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BAD NEWS:  I heard through the grapevine that Cedar's is CLOSING by 4/30!!

Please don't do that to me!  Luckily, Taste of India (supposedly) has the same menu and is owned by the brother of the guy who owned Cedar's.  But I will miss Cedar's, the packed, cramped, yet charming house that it is.

Forget the fact that it's taken me 1 1/2 hrs before just to get a table.  Just hearing the words "Butter Chicken" makes me drool.  Butter Prawns is pretty good too.  Endless Chai makes me smile.  The thought of garlic naan and the mint chutney warms my heart.  Why would you close?  Why?  I hope it's a myth or some twisted story that my friend and sister told me to mess with my mind.  WORST PRANK EVER if that is true.  I plan on going four times before the end of the month just in case.
Great quality hookahs at a great price for the Pittsburgh area. I got a new server so I helped explain some of the finer points of coal placement but her and the more experienced server were extremely friendly and more than willing to talk. They actually tend to the coals here which is great! The drinks were also pretty good - you had to get one per person when we went - the hibiscus-infused tea being particularly tasty. The atmosphere is cool, the church being largely kept in-tact.
Wow, I cant believe it has taken me so long to try this place! Delicious wraps! The salads looked amazing. The place was sooo busy on Thursday night when I went.
I tried the falafel pocket with everything but pickles. It was huge, fresh and the wrap NEVER FELL APART! I will be back to try more for sure!
I love this place best rotiserre chicken around. Me and my girlfriend live out in san bernardino and seriously when we come out here it is definitely worth it. The service is great we always get out food real fast even when it is busy. The chicken has great flavor with crispy skin and very moist and juicy. The garlic sauce is probably the best compliment to the chicken. 

I don't waste any time at this place when I come here I always get the half chicken and the girlfriend gets like a wrap or something like that. The wraps are great but for a person with a big appetite you might want to take a look at the plate options. There kefta is good but I think I prefer Mediterranean Cafe's over this place. 

Definitely worth a visit if your in the area or if your in the area of the other locations.
This is kind of a fun little complex. There's the upstairs and downstairs for one of the few great concert venues in Cambridge. Downstairs There's chill music at nights in the two restaurants on the ground floor. 

The Upstairs introduced me to Bryan Scary and the Shredding Tears. I will love Mid East forever for that experience.
The Downstairs I got to meet the Tokyo Police Club... and yell at them for not showing up to T in the Park in Scotland, where I waited for a good hour to see them... only for them to not show.
The food on the ground floor is actually pretty good. Its not the best, but the service is always descent, and they do have falafel... although the Falafel is good... its really not great.
warm pita bread
tender rotisserie chicken that cuts like buttah slathered in their garlic butter concotion
a side of hummus
some funky purple pickled radish and diced tomatoes (i have a strong dislike of tomatoes)

well worth the extra calories especially if you spend the 1st sunday morning of every month haggling your way thru some GOOD deals at the flea market @ PCC...

the great company of some funny friends doesn't hurt either.

the place gets packed quickly... the parking lot is just WEIRD - just park on the street...
Hmm...what's that smell?  OH YEAH--fresh baked bread!  I'm having visions of walking through dimly lit rooms with high ceilings dripping long beaded lampshades.  I'm hearing the roar of an industrial juicer and inhaling the aroma of pulverized carrots and grilled meat...

I'm hoping the only connection the owner of this joint had with La Shish (LS) is that he was one of its chefs, because it would break my heart to have to avoid the BEST MIDDLE EASTERN FOOD in Ann Arbor.  WHY did it take this long?!?

Apologies, J-Garden. I know you're the institution. The Old Horse. But quite honestly, aside from your falafels and other sandwiches, I was never your #1 fan.  Maybe #6.

If you want a ginormous plate of succulent spiced lamb, tangy hummus and rice topped with crunchy almond slivers, grab a napkin and tuck it into your collar!!  

Whoa--did I mention the garlic dip yet?  The same pungent concoction that makes everything it touches super delicious?  You don't have to drive to Dearborn anymore! Oh yes...yes...YES. 

The lamb shawarma sandwich is super tasty--all sandwiches are under $4. The salads are fresh and crunchy, dressed in a delectable unmistakable mixture of lemon, olive oil, spices and...sumac.  I remember going to Rafal Spice Co. (RIP, sigh) just to find sumac to make that dressing. But wait...

...holy crap! They have KIBBEE NAYEE!  *falls over* 

As you Mid-East foodies have probably surmised, the entire menu bears more than a passing resemblance to LS, even down to the graphic design.  

Why only 4 stars?  Simple: the bread.  Oh it's good...I mean it's still hot after walking home with my takeout, buuut it's always a bit too hard on one side.  I blame their oven, which isn't the same ceramic deus ex machina you used to see at LS (with the woman sitting down, patting dough).  This is a small gripe as I LOVE and am very much appreciative of fresh bread baked on premises.  If only Yelp allowed 1/2 stars this review would be a 4.5 easily. 

If you live in the Deuce (or even if you don't) and you haven't been yet...what are you waiting for?  Sheesh!  Go.  Go, now!
Another place I went to during my first trip to Seattle. This place was ok. I enjoyed my Gyro and fries. Had not eaten one in about a year. This was not the best Gyro I ever had but it was among the cheapest.
Inexpensive salads, tasty hummus, sandwiches are good; sidewalk seating is peaceful even though it's on Mass Ave.  It gets really hot inside during the summer so outside is best.  I really like the menu and everything is really reasonably priced.  The waitress even tracked down a receipt that I needed for a work-lunch I paid for a week earlier, she couldn't find the Amex receipt so she wrote me out a new one, which was very nice.
Being a vegetarian, the only thing I've gotten here is the falafel pita roll-up and the cauliflower. Both are extremely good.

The lines move fast and the food is reasonably priced.
Was craving a gyro and falafel at 11:00 pm and to my surprise discovered East Side Pocket is opened to 1:00 am. This place is located near Brown University . Cool set up with other eateries and bars nearby. Gyro is very tasty, huge and reasonably priced. One of the best gyro I've eaten . The falafel was tasty too but not as good as the ones I've had off a food truck in Brooklyn NY. I would give 5 stars if gyro meat was freshly carved instead of pre-cut and grilled
Not entirely sure how to review this place, also this review is from memory (over 6 months) so take it with a grain of salt. In summary this place is mediocre quality but gigantic quantity

You can plan to spend anywhere between $10-$20 dollars and get one of the largest meals and drinks you've ever had. I think I had a quarter chicken plate, which came with rice, salad, pita, hummus. I also ordered a medium size mango drink which came in very big glass. It was definitely a challenge to finish all the food.

The quality of the food was 3-star, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great, The rice tasted a big stale but the pita was fresh. The chicken was also fresh and tasty. The hummus was mediocre.

The place itself is quite large and was not busy, they also offer hookah (shisha/ nargile) smoking inside which might make it a no-go for some people. I will mention that the place is large enough that you won't notice the smoke.
What happened!  This was THE place for my husband and me.  We had a meal back in June and it was horrible.  We were served small portions, the lamb was dry, and the salad was on the side of rotten.  I figured it was a fluke, so we went back the other night and we received the same service.  Did they change their menu or owners?
As a huge fan of anything pollo, this place delivers! Chicken is my choice of protein after a good workout at the gym. Zankou offers sweltering, delicious tasting in your face kind of flavors that will make you become an instant fan once you take a bite into their chicken. Other notable mention is the garlic sauce they offer.  

Zankou is a perfect restaurant if you want to have a quick bite without all the greasiness and calories of a fast food joint. The only bummer about this place is that I wished they offer a salad as a side dish in their combos.
Words can't describe how fast this place is.  I found it easier to just let my friends witness it for themselves.  By the time you order your food and blink, it's there.  You will wait longer for your receipt to print.  Don't even bother calling your order ahead.  No point.  It's actually slower.

Can't go wrong with any of their wraps but I prefer the chicken shawarma or beef kabob plates which is accompanied by a refreshing side of greek salad, some rice and pita.  Their kefta (lean ground beef) is my least favorite of the meats but still good.  Falafels are bomb, appropriate because they're the size of grenades.  They do charge $0.25 for extra pita and $1.25 for extra garlic sauce but I can't complain considering how good the prices are already.

One distinguishing feature of Mediterranean Cafe compared to peers is their hot paste (similar to korean gochujang or hot red bean paste or a red colored version of wasabi).  Mixing the aforementioned hot sauce with hummus forms a delectable compound and reason enough to keep coming back.
Great restaurant.  Excellent service; warm and interested chef and server during separate visits. Food diverse, uniformly delicious. Descriptions of several dishes were very accurate. We enjoyed the mixed   grill, the donner, and several other lamb dishes. The Turkish pizza was great. Warning: the delicious large crispy loaf of table bread can fill you up easily! Enjoy.P
My wife and I have tried several mediterranean places in the Pasadena area and this is truly the best. We usually eat the same thing at every place: lule kabob and grape leaves. Surprisingly every place tastes a little different. This place is the best. Plus, they even have the best prices.

There are 2 drawbacks to this place: 1) They don't deliver and, 2) They are family owned so when they take a vacation the place closes down. They will be closed July 4-July 19, 2009. I hope we can hold out.
Sweet Jesus I love Zankou Chicken.  Everytime I come home to LA I have to hit it up.  The 1/2 Chicken plate, the humas, the garnish, the garlic, the pitas.  Somebody please fedex me a plate right now.
I was going to order some sort of HAHT BEEF INJECTED wrap, but the cashier warned me that it took awhile to prepare and well, it was something like 2am and let's not be greedy. 

But fortunately for the chicken schwarma, I was still INCREDIBLY greedy, but in that way that I offered bites to my fellow Thunderdomers and wound up with schwarma goo all down the front of my dress. CAUTION: SCHWARMA MAY BE DELICIOUS, BUT IS MESSY. And for $5, I can't be choosy. If you were to ask me what schwarma is or possibly tasted like.....I couldn't tell you, other than that it tasted like delicious and made me wish that I could've spent a little more time assaulting it in the confines of the car on the way home. Alas, no schwarma allowed in the MiniCooper. 

I'll be back Moody's Falafell Palace, you're lucky I'm deciding to ignore that there were PICKLES in my wrappywrap. LoveLoveLoveLove
Zankou Chicken is a local Middle Eastern chain.  Nothing fancy.  The chicken is UNBELIEVABLE.  Talk about the most juicy and succulent chicken this mouth has ever tasted.  Tsk Tsk... who needs fried chicken when you can get this level of moist juiciness in a non-fried bird?  Zankou puts the Kernel to SHAME.

Zankou's is generous with its creamy hummus.  I enjoy the pickled beets, the flavor is a nice contrast to the chicken and is dunk worthy in the hummus.  The garlic butter can be slathered on everything -- pita, hummus or chicken.  Since I'm not eating fried chicken, my warped brain feels no guilt dunking my chicken in a large vat of garlic butter.

Mad affordable to boot!
I won't eat here again.

Service was slow.  Wraps were 90% lettuce which would have been fine had I ordered a lettuce wrap.

Beef shawarma was cooked but not cooked right.  None of the crispy bits from the rotisserie and lightly spiced.  Probably the worst shawarma that I've had.

The other was a pumpkin wrap.  It was better than the beef shawarma but again it was really nothing more than a large lettuce wrap and the pumpkin balls were like a condiment.

Even if I was hungry and craving a shawarma, I'd keep going down the road.
A lot of fun... GREAT MUSIC!  But way too crowded on a Saturday night.  If you want space to move, this isn't the place to go.  Fun times nonetheless!  Cool people as well.
Fatoush is a fun word.  And delicious! 

I've eaten here many times, but am just now getting around to posting a review.  My usual is the fatoush.   The babaganoosh and hummus are also very very good.  

This past time I was absolutely famished so I didn't think a little salad would do the trick, so I got the spinach pie.  It was good, but not what I expected.  I think I expected something like spanikopita but this was more tart - I think maybe because they added lemon juice.  The dough was good though.  A bit dissapointed in my meal, but it filled me up.  I've had such great experiences every other time, that one set-back on one menu item won't turn me away.
For a number of reasons I now regret, I didn't go to Bella Pita until my last year at UCLA. A coworker convinced me to go and WOW - it was so worth it. Since then, I have been back too many times to count.
The wowshis are so delicious. They bake the bread AFTER you order so it is always hot and fresh. I've had the chicken and the black bean which were both awesome. Then, you get to use the toppings bar to put whatever you want on them. Everything is really fresh and I can get all the hummus I want.
And the fries are amazing. I always get the combo with a wowshi, fries and Snapple for less than eight dollars. Amazing. You can ask for the little plastic cups  and fill them up with extra sauce to go. Make sure you add enough onions!
The delivery is only so-so; I just go in if possible - much better.
When I was in Philly I ate here at least a dozen times. I knew the owners of this establishment. One of the owners is Syrian his name is Sam. Syrians are great cooks and Syrian food is fantastic. The delivery service isn't too bad either. Ali the Yemeni guy was another owner but he got fired for his lousy attitude. Falafel needs to hire people who speak English to take orders over the phone. The woman who took orders over  the phone wasn't too bright.
To kids who walk by and point at me eating my delicious, fresh, made to order falafel pita:

1. Don't point. 
2. Uh, I don't really know what else to say to you. Mind your mother. 

Bottom line is give it a try, I'm glad I did and will probably be back to try the bean wowshi.
My wife and strolled into Falafel Corner with hungry bellies. Open the door, and you're immediately confronted with about ten steps which lead directly to a counter and an eager clerk. I asked him, "Have you guys been reviewed on Yelp yet?"

He looked at me with suspicion, "Yeah. Some bad; some good. It's like all restaurants."

"I beg to differ, Mr. Falafel Corner. I'll be the judge of your establishment during this hour, sir!" came my reply, and feeling satisfied with myself, I reached forward to pump the bottle of free hand santizer set out for customer use. I apparently underestimated my own strength because the green gooey stuff lurched out of the bottle and puddled on my shirt just above my bellybutton.

We placed our orders and claimed a table directly below the kitchen. Ten minutes later, my lamb kabob plate ($10.99) was in front of me. The plate was paper. For drinks, we went with tap water, which was served in environmentally-unfriendly styrofoam cups. The table rocked like a nursery. As lamb kabob plates go, the portion seemed designed for ambitious diners, and the taste was acceptable--not great. In fact, the lamb was exceptional only in so far as it lacked a lot of the heavy seasoning one usually finds in other falafel joints. 

I'm tempted to conclude by noting that Falafel Corner was just fine but nothing to write home about; however, I recognize that this is a problematic claim, given the attention I've just given it on Yelp.
This is really close to our weekend workout place so it has become one of the lunch spots for my husband and me. The parking totally sucks because it is next to the Rice Village Mall but if you loop around you will find something. I think the food is pretty decent and price is very reasonable, especially for the area (I guess it's college area so it has to be cheap to attract students).

The appetizers are good and I usually order the grilled ground chicken (since I don't their beef and I don't eat lamb).
Nothing but praise.  

I was in a hurry and you guys were ON IT!

Love the fries.  Best I've had in my whole life.
I had very mixed feelings about my brunch experience here.  The service was friendly, but very slow.  As in, after we got our coffees, we waited about 15 minutes before the waitress took our order, and then another 40-45 min. for our food.

The brunch menu is no-frills -- omelets and a few non-egg dishes (pancakes, french toast).  When the food finally arrived, I was pretty pleased. The home fries are a misnomer -- the potatoes come mixed in with other veggies, like carrots, squash and brussel sprouts.  It was a delicious side dish and more healthy than just your usual fried potatoes or hash browns. Also a plus: homemade jam for the toast.  Possibly the best part of the meal.  My sausage-and-cheese omelet was so-so; the sausage was overcooked and chewy.  My boyfriend seemed to like his french toast.

The prices are great; 4 of us ate for about $30.  I just wish we had been able to order and get our food faster.
This place has been here for 30 plus years.  Decent falafel but Jerusalem on 104 is better.
When I lived in Cambridge for a year, I would often head down to Brookline Lunch for a nice hour-long breakfast and coffee. 

The food is great and well priced. I've never had anything that I didn't like. Though, this doesn't speak to the breadth of the menu, as I have only three mainstays; I haven't found a reason to switch. 

The pancakes are always delicious, slightly crispy. 
Their French Toast is equally great, as well. 
My final and favorite is the bacon benedict, which is an eggs benedict with bacon instead of ham on the muffin. Quite possibly one of my favorite breakfast meals of all time.

What's best, though, is their home fries. Potatoes, vegetables, and seemingly whatever is around the kitchen and extra. Crispy and delicious. There's also a hot sauce that goes with it, which is also fantastic. Ordering toast also gets you a side of a really great jam, which I think is made there.

The only two things I can mention about this place are fairly minor. The first is that the wait can become unbearable during rush time. There's nothing they can do about it; the space just doesn't accommodate that many customers. 

The place is a little run down looking on the inside. Fairly minor.

I can't recommend enough giving this place a try; grab a nice big breakfast, order a Turkish coffee and read a book during the quiet hours.
I love shawarma. I love falafels. I do not love the shawarma here. I didn't even like the shawarma here. Why would anyone take the perfectly roasted pieces of lamb and beef shawarma shreds and steam (maybe saute) them in a frying pan so that they became rubbery soggy pieces ? That's what was done to my shawarma here. 

So if you love shawarma like me, stay away from it here. 

The falafel balls I had were ok. Not exceptional. But if you're desperate and stuck on Broxton, it'll do, I guess. Their menu leaves a lot to be desired...

The reason I'm giving them 2 stars and not 1 is because the service was nice.
I am writing this review over 2 months after this place has closed just because I miss it and I can't find anything else quite like it.

There is no other place to get the delicious shawarma sandwiches with fresh lafah bread and the perfect mix of everything inside like they had here. Other places give you sandwiches with the meat not as good, the ingredients not as tasty and the bread not even close. Bleh. 

The worst thing about this place closing is that I have NO replacement that even comes close to being the same.
You should tip people if they give great service and great food.  This is a place I don't mind tipping because the service is extremely fast, the food is great and FRESH.  But when you tip, even on a credit card slip they watch to see if you tip, they give you free dessert, and when I'm with my girlfriend they usually give us 2 baklavas for free (when they see us tip).  Everything at this place is outstanding, but my favorite is the gyro wrap.  I usually get the wraps with all the toppings, because all the toppings are outstanding! I wish this place wasn't so far away from me because I would go much more often than I do.  If I were at Brown or RISD I would be there at least once or twice a week for sure.  The prices are cheap, and for how good the food is you should be willing to pay more.  Get the pita chips for an appetizer, their seasoning is great and they give you hummus with it (which is also the best here).  THe only negatives here are the booth seating can be limited and the staff wants you to order fast!  Don't go up tot he counter going ummmmmm.
Falafel Palace has obviously undergone a management change sometime in the last year or so and has taken a nosedive in quality. This used to be one of my favorite spots and was impossible to resist late at night. 

The portions make you think that we're war rationing to send our chickpeas to the Prussian front. The current staff there has legit made me a falafel roll with 2 falafel in it. TWO. I can see you making it. I know it's 90% lettuce. 

It's a sad sad way to see one of the greats go out.
Amazing Indian Food. ! best i have found West of India. great tikki masala ! fantastic Naan. Great prices. Gryos not so sure they are Indian and perhaps maybe why they are not the best.
I was very excited to try Talullas and was quite disappointed by the poor, unfriendly service and mediocre food. Had we stopped at the bread and sauce we were given (awesome!) and the appetizer we ordered, we would have been happy with the food, but before we even got to that point we had to wait 3-4 minutes to be seated (place was nearly empty) while the bartender and 2 waiters looked at us standing by the door and then looked away. It was very obvious that nobody wanted to help us.

The waitress finally took our drink orders, after a few minutes of us being seated. After 10 minutes, no drinks, and she came back to ask again because she had forgotten what we ordered. Then we waited another 5 minutes. There were 3 waiters for 10 tables PLUS a bartender. The slow speed and the inattentiveness was therefore unacceptable.

None of our food was hot. I could hear the kitchen ringing the bell but our waitress was arguing with another waiter in the doorway on more than one ocassion and never heard. And, not only did we wait forever for drinks initially, but they were never replenished. It was annoying and awkward to have to interrupt my conversation to try to flag down a waiter politely. At one point the waitress looked at our 4 empty glasses, made eye contact with me, and walked away. After that incident I flagged down another waiter who acted really awkward when I asked him to replenish our drinks.

I got the special, sea bass. My entree was $28 and I've paid 1/3 of that for a much better meal. My fish was lukewarm and really bland. It was also served as a whole fish, which was fine with me, but others may not be so understanding. I think the waitress should have disclosed that to anyone who may not like that. The dessert was delicious (chocolate creme, to die for!)

I will not go back nor will I recommend Talullas to others. A place so expensive should have comparable service, and food. Nothing was worth the money, except maybe the $6 dessert.
Best darn mousaka (not the Greek Moussaka, but the Lebanese) we have ever had, bar none. Lamb Kofta was excellent, and the salads were earthy and delightful. They were busy and expecting some reservations that someone hadn't written down but we, without, still got seated and served and we weren't disappointed. The atmosphere is, well, utilitarian; the place was clean, the lone server was helpful and friendly and parking was a breeze. Pricey? Well, not for the quality. We would definitely go back there when we're in the Albany area.
I have been going to this place quite often for the past few months..I like the food there.. Its a good place for a quick bite or take out.. 
I have tried most of the vegetarian plates and wraps as well as the chicken shwarma wrap/plate.
but my favourites are the falafel wrap and the fatoush salad. Not a huge fan of the chicken shawarma.
Shawarma. Lamb kebabs. Hummus. YES. Whenever I visit home it's an unwritten rule that I have to get some Mediterranean Cafe. My mom used to work in the area and she is still good friends with the owner. Him and his son are ALWAYS there. And they give you your food fast! I don't know what they do to their hummus, maybe it's the olive oil and paprika on top, but I've never had another that has come close. I almost always get the Shawarma: rip your pita bread in half, slather the sides with hummus and garlic spread, then stuff it with rice and chicken. Ohhh yes. 

It's a small but nice establishment and there's a pleasant little outdoor patio area where you can watch the comings and goings of cars and people. It's below some kind of art school, so they always have different paintings on the walls from people of all different ages. Really nice stuff. There's a lot of food places around here but this is always my first choice and a GREAT stop if you want something that isn't a chain. Warning: they're basically closed whenever they want. On/around holidays, Sundays, some days they close at 6. Probably best to call ahead and make sure before you make the trip if you're not already in the area.
Great place, w/ great owners.  Kababs are excellant, especially the steak.  Chicken and ground beef also super tasty.  Tons of food.  I love the cucumber yogurt and the garlic yogurt, both excellant w/ the pita. Try their tea at the end of your meal, really hits the spot.
Though it is home to many UCLA students and Westwood inhabitants, Bella Pita is a dining establishment that is often overlooked by passersbys.

Placed between a sketchy convenience store and a barbershop, Bella Pita is a minimalist's dream. It only takes three steps through the door and you are at the counter, they have less seating than my four-door Acura, and the only décor are their stellar reviews taped on the walls and a whiteboard that gives late-night drinkers a way to amuse themselves.

Yet, their food is anything but minimal. My favorite is the Chicken Wowshi--an empanada meets pita concoction where two pieces of pita dough is filled with flavorful seasoned chicken and then sent through a conveyer pizza oven. Everytime this happens, the aroma of freshly baked bread immediately fills the room and my mouth begins to salivate uncontrollably. The result is a warm sandwich with a lightly crispy exterior and an interior that has the flavor of the chicken infused into the soft bread. The dough is slightly sweet that balances the salt and spices of the meat really well.


However, there are times when the outer layer of the meat can be a little dry, but that is when the self-serve salad and condiment bar comes into play. Here you can dress your wowshi with tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage, pickled turnips, lettuce, and red onions. Then they have squirt bottles filled with home-made sauces such as lemon sauce, herb dressing, and different levels of spicy hot sauce. Since I am a masochist, I love to douse my wowshi in tons of their 'really hot sauce' because it is, well, really effing good.

But it does not stop there. They have two stadium-style ketchup dispensers, one filled with their own "hommos" and another with their white "tahineh sauce". It is my first time at Bella Pita three years ago that I learned that hummus has lemon juice in it. Unlike the packaged hummus you get at Trader Joe's or Ralph's, you can taste the subtle hint of lemon juice in Bella Pita's that really tops off the flavors in the wowshi. I love it so much that I need to do bicep curls to warm up for the intense hommos-pumping that has become part of my Bella Pita routine.

Wowshis are cut in half so people are able to try their own concoctions of sauces and veggies. When they come straight out of the oven and into the metal compartmented caddy next to the salad bar, the wowshi looks like it's an easy feat to demolish, but after pimping mine out at the salad//condiment bar, I always have trouble eating the second half and I always regret it when it's gone.

Pair your pita or wowshi with their fries or fried cauliflower though I think that it is a hit or miss. There are times when it comes out deliciously gold brown and perfectly crispy, but there have also been times when they have been soggy and too crispy. They also have Mexican Coke--the kind with real sugarcane sugar.

Bella Pita is reasonably priced and the food is ready pretty quickly. The only thing I suggest is to go in between lunch and dinner time so that it is less busy. Also, if you're craving Bella Pita as a midnight snack, head there before the bar crowd come. Otherwise you will be stuck waiting for your food trying to avoid the obnoxious couple making out in the corner or the homeless man scratching his butt outside the huge picture window that is the front side of the restaurant.
Overpriced and poor service. They make you pay for bottled water without offering tap. Also, the waiter overcharged some of the items on my bill but I caught it. I will not go back.

That being said, I had an ok time when everything was said and done, which is why I give it two stars instead of one.
I came to Habibi after coordinating the West Coast's first Bollywood party, Jai Ho! in LA. Feet tired, energy exhausted, DJs and photographer in tow, we needed some food and some hookah desperately!

Our server, Fire, was AMAZING. The kindest, most polite, sweetest man ever gave us the most wonderful service.

I strongly recommend the mint tea as well as the lamb shanks.. and please, eat it with your hands, it tastes better!

I have never had such great service anywhere in my life before and will definitely be back as soon as I can !
So I decided to try something I haven't had before at Kismet and got the mezza platter.

I ate through the familiar stuff like the dolma, falafel, and hummus and thought "hmm.. standard." Then I had a bite of the kibbe (a croquette with ground meat inside) and was surprised by the flavors! My friend said it reminded him of pumpkin pie spice, and I have to agree! The earthy and warm flavors complemented the fried exterior and meat well.

After finishing the hummus, I thought I'd try the other hummus on my plate. I took a bite and suddenly looked around when the smell of cold weather/BBQ smoker filled my nostrils. Puzzled, I dipped my pita into the hummus again and realized the smell was coming from it! I savored the smoky fragrance with every bite wishing it was snowing again. Only after finishing my meal I found out it was the eggplant dip!

So if you want to try something new definitely order the kibbe and/or the eggplant dip!
My husband loves Ed's.  Specifically, he loves their wings (not the buffalo style wings, but the whole wings).  I'm vegetarian, so I dont' get to partake in the wings.  And the pizza is not thrilling.  And it is hard for pizza to be bad.  I mean, it is cheezy carbohydrates.  And I love cheese.  And I love carbs.  But when it comes from Ed's  it doesnt' make me happy.  I eat a few bites and then it sits in the fridge until it is old enough that I feel OK throwing it away. It is just yucky.  

I haven't really found anything on the menu that I like as an antree.  Since my husband LOVES it, we keep ordering.  And at this point, I usually get an order of Jalapeno poppers, and just eat that.  I think their Jalapeno poppers are better than average (which is weird, because I assume most places buy them frozen and they are all about the same).  I don't know if they buy a better brand than most places, or if they actually aren't pre-made frozen poppers.  Regardless, they seem better.
Some of the best hommous I've had. Grape leaves are great as well.
I admit ahead of time that I am biased towards Mediterranean food and I absolutely love this place. The chicken shwarma is awesome and the portions are pretty good as well.. Their hummus is great which is very important to me and they are not stingy while applying it to your sandwiches.
Went here with my UMD freshman son, Friday 8 October. We stumbled on it. The location is halfway in at a little strip mall type layout ( parking can be tough at times I would imagine). Maybe a walk from campus is best overall plan. 

This place meets my number one rule. Seek the "natives" of a cuisine and go where they are. You MUST get the Naan wrap. 

I agree with Nick's review. All those facts are well described. 

I'd like to add a few additional thoughts. 

- The fresh Naan is a revelation. I had only ever had the packaged, refrigerated kind. Watching the guy make it, and it still warm from the circular oven is a real treat. 

- I kind of like that you have to sort of guess and point for the fillings (as Nick says, staff is helpful and will describe as needed) 

- For the owners... skip the whole Mexican thing and go with your strength. Do the Naan wrap, do it by the thousands and do it well. Leave the packaged tortillas, bag chips and nuclear cheese to the Chipotle's, California Tortilla and Taco Hell folks.
Can't say anything bad about East Side Pockets. Last time I was there I tried the cookies next to the register, and I liked them so much. I will have to stop in there some time in the future just for dessert. For a meal that is fast but not fast food, stop in here, its greaaaaat (even late).
Yummy food, FANTASTIC garlic sauce. I asked for more! Went here with a big group of co-workers at lunch. We were there about an hour, and the manager stopped by once or twice to make sure our meal was good and we didn't need anything. At first I thought the prices were a little steep for a kebab-ish place, but I got enough food for two meals!
South Street closed and Falafel King moved in. At first I was terrified, but since I like the building I decided to eat there, even though usually this is not my favorite type of cuisine. I had the veggie 5 item combo and it was very worth it. Several falafels, couple pitas, few chips, the 5 items (I had the eggplant tomato and eggplant onion, dolmas, pickled beets, and lentils), and side spices. All great.
walked here for lunch with some friends. got the veggie's delight sandwich. it started out ok, but i quickly became overwhelmed at the amount of dressing used. everything in the wrap was saturated. still, the first half tasted great. the falafel was very tasty and my friends lamb was also quite good. i'll probably give it another go sometime and try something different.
As a Pita Kabob fanatic, it pains me to admit that Jerusalem Garden has both the best falafel patties and lentil soup in Ann Arbor. The truth is the truth, though. Sit at the counter, chat with the cooks or your counter-mates, order the Falafel plate with rice and a side of vegetarian grape leaves, and drink in the good life.
Good food, but a bit overpriced.
Great place to eat genuine Arabic food! You can't go wrong with the quality of food, hookah, and people. The owner actually works here, which makes a difference in the service, plus their day menu is very affordable. Their falafel's taste like they were made in the streetsof Cairo  and the music selection is the bomb. Plus they have dish network for all to enjoy.  They don't give you a free hookah, as indicated on their reciepts, but hey, it's a cool place to hit up if you need aplace to get away during you lunch hour.
I really love this place for a healthy vegan lunch.  The $7.50 vegetarian combo is my favorite.  My last take out combo was lentil salad, tabouleh salad, hummus and baba ganoush.  Comes w/ 2 pieces of pita bread & some tomatoes and spicy peppers.  Really satisfying and tasty!  Other veggie stuff too but I dig the combo so I don't order anything else.  Carnivores seem to like all their meaty meat foods too.  The guys there are friendly - good stuff!!!  Limited seating - better to go early if ya need to sit or take it to go.
This is probably my favorite Turkish restaurant in Houston! Is it authentic? I don't know, but I like it!

Everything I've had here has been good.  Both their gyro and adana sandwiches are solid! The lahmacuns doesn't disappoint either.

Atmosphere is casual, and service is always warm and prompt. What's not to love?
This is how I felt at Habibi...
http://i.imgur.com/1iu26.jpg
Ah, the old standby. It's always there to love me.  This place is great.  The service is slow sometimes, but the food is great, and the Arabic coffee is divine.  There is always beautiful classical music playing, and the space is so soothing, I like to write here and just people-watch.  There are always cute boys on the upper floor.  Lots of intense intellectual conversations.  Oh, one more thing: in the summer, the balcony is sweeet: great place for a first date that won't set you back (too much)!
best kebab ever!!!  i like the chicken and the beef.  the garlic spread is excellent.  the hummus is just right.  don't expect a nice dining area.  the food service is fast.  this place gets really busy!!!
A weeknight favorite for hubby and I. We always order the Chicken Shawerma platter. At $7.99 it's a great dinner choice. Comes with hummus, gourmet garlic sauce (the best!!), two warm pitas, and choice between salad or fries. I choose the salad because the olive oil and herb salad dressing is out of this world! Yum yum!
I've been here several times, and the first few times really enjoyed it.  It's a bit over-priced, but the atmosphere is great and the drinks are usually very good.  The food is OK, nothing extraordinary.  I went today and had the worst service yet.  It was busy, so I understand the waitresses were overworked.  But twenty minutes before getting a coffee and cider is ridiculous, and my friend and I got up to leave after over a half hour waiting for baba ganoush.  We finally mentioned it to the one waitress who was actually upstairs, and she was going to check on it - when no news came back we decided to give up.  As we went downstairs to ask for the check, our waitress brought us the food and we ate it on the bus.  By the way, it took several minutes to get the bill as I stood there, ready to leave, after being promised I'd be taken care of right away.
The restaurant seems like a nice place for a casual night out if you peer in from the outside. It's full of different crowds and has a comfortable atmosphere. However, don't expect responsive service or to be able to hear your friends. The music is turned up so loud you can't hear a thing. They also have warm overpriced beer. Go here if you're out of options in the area. Maybe something like Plan C.
Nothing new to say. It makes you wonder why other Mediterranean places can't recreate this same quality and value. When you charge fair prices ($8 plate) and serve plentiful tasty food, people will come back. Beef kebab, lamb, kufta, chicken shawarma are all great.

It would be nice if they made a beef shawarma sometime though.
3.75 stars.  Jordanian.
Oustanding marks for hospitality.  We went in for a bite of lunch on a quiet Saturday, and when we asked our host for tea with mint, he offered sage or cinnamon.  We had mint in the car, and brought it in -- they pulled out all the stops to make us a pot of tea, offer it to us in the traditional arabic style glasses. 
High marks on the chicken shawerma sandwich - came on a grilled flatbread, and was definitely a dish worth returning for.
Low marks on the stale pitas (though the thin style was fine)
Medium marks on the falafels - too small, though fairly well done (moist inside, crispy outside.
I am not an expert in middle eastern cuisine, but I have eaten a fair share of shawarma. Having no comparison point I don't know if the food has been westernized at all, but I really enjoy eating at the Sabra Grill. It is not the most upscale place with plastic utensils, and paper plates, but they offer large helpings at a fairly cheap price. I often grab a bite to eat on the way to my local comicbook store to grab my weekly books and the food just hits the spot.
Good kebabs.  Scratch that.  Great kebabs!  

Simple menu with the freshest ingredients.  There's not too many places that you can watch your food be prepared. It is very refreshing to see their well mannered food handling practices being applied to every meal.

Another great lunch alternative in the area.  Check this place out!
I have little experience with Greek food, so I can't really compare Kismet to any other Greek eatery.  However, it's hard to beat the $5.55 deal for a pita wrap, fries or chips, and a drink, especially when I work within walking distance.  I had a regular ol' gyro with chips and a drink and it was a good portion that filled me up for the rest of the day.  Now that I've found you, Kismet, I'm hoping we can hang out more often.
I personally had a really bad experience here on a Wednesday night last week. The place is small, so don't be intimidated by a long line, it goes relatively fast. There was Arabic music playing and a lively vibe. I felt very rushed to order but decided on the falafel wrap and a side of dolmas.

The owner, I assume, was on the cash register and was slowing down the line because his eye was on the food line and he wasn't paying attention to the people in front of him. He rang me up to $9.54, which I thought was a bit pricey. I asked to use a card, and he said: "it's cash only unless you want to use your card to buy a $25 gift card." My dad owns a small business, so I know cards can be expensive per transaction, but you need to be consistent, cards or no cards! I scrambled to find the cash, since I knew I wouldn't be returning. 

I was handed a large bag with my sandwich and my sides in a large styrofoam container. As I was getting on the T, I tried to take the sandwich out of the bag, and oil spilled ALL over my coat from the open container. It was not properly closed and was prone to leaks (no way to seal a styrofoam container!). Beyond that, three dolma pieces cost nearly 4 dollars. Stick with the sandwich!

The only positive piece was the fact that the sandwich came in a plastic bag, which allows for easy and clean eating of a messy sandwich. Food was tasty!

Pros: convenient, relatively quick, nice ambiance, tasty food
Cons: a bit pricey for sides, bad card policy (bring cash), messy food and not appropriate food container (except clear bag for sandwiches)
Great place for food and night stuff.  Food was fantastic...we had the steak lunch special...chicken lunch special...and lamb shank special.  Steak was slightly overdone (well done instead of medium like I asked) and lamb shank was super tender.  The rice and beans are amazing, and I like that a salad comes with teh meal.  We also had the chicken wrap, where i thought the chicken was a bit dry, but the sauce hides it.  Atmosphere is also cool, where they display and sell local artists, where pieces rotate.  

Service is a bit slow, but the food still holds it up to a 4 star.
OK, I decided to write an update about my other comment,

First, the service is getting better. Their new waitress is pretty helpful and communicative with the customers, as just she needs to be. Positive point.

However, they do not serve the eggplant appetizer (on the house) anymore. Plus they reduced the portions I guess. You can still get lots of rice, but the kebab portions (especially lamb chops) are smaller. Recently, I'm not satisfied with their meat quality as well. Maybe they've changed their butcher or something else, but I cannot get the same taste I had last year.

Overall, I'll go for 3-stars, instead 4-4,5 which I gave before.
BEST Eggs Benedict.
Veggie Omelettes. With those vegetable potato things. 
With some sort of jam and spice kick of Oil sauce in mini white flapped over in layers holder. 
The super duper mommy running around seating, wiping, serving, writing,... but never freaking out. It's a magic family. At least she sincerely asks if everything is okay and you honestly answer back OF COURSE and leave the biggest tip every time you go because the bill was only $5 or something.
Wait goes long. Don't take any impatient guests here. Go in two's or at most four's. While you wait, don;t forget to make fun of the Out Of The Blue art up on the walls and look up on the ceilings.. those little drawings are worth oogling at. 
Those luke warm Nantucket Nectars juices. Also the warm water served in a dingy yellowish plastic cup. Empty ketchup bottles. Flat silverware. Busted up china. Church pew benches and sci-fi looking couches with tables sitting on your thigh. 
High five, you still love the place!
1.  Not impressed with the lunch food.  I usually see the restaurant empty during the day, but by night friends tell me it can get packed.

2.  On three separate occasions I've had three different dishes and they all came out the same, pretty bland.  Nothing special.  I gave the place three tries and they struck out.

3.  Not worth the money, but they do serve halal meats.  I don't believe I would have ever tried this place had it not been for a co-worker that only eats halal. 

4.  I would only go to this place again if they were the only restaurant open on Bronxton.

5.  Not ideal or welcoming for a study environment or even a first date for that matter, unless the date is going sour then Habibi is a great place to go.
One of the most pleasant surprises in my 2012 dining experiences. I had ignorantly written this place off as something that was barely surviving in Rice village.  Boy was I wrong.  It was excellent. The Iskender kabob was flavorful and filling.  And the rice pudding was decadent.  I could of had 5-6 bowls had my tummy allowed it.  Really was amazing food.  Sit on the patio if the weather permits, and make the Rice village passerby's jealous that you get to partake.
this place sooo good. the garlic sauce is to die for. i normally buy a whole chicken and it feeds the family.
When it comes to Kosher Restaurants outside of NYC and Israel the options are usually A-Ok or just plain bad.

This one falls into the A-ok category. The experience will be most satisfying if you get the falafel with chips.
I actually really like this place. I even come here sober (but thank god it's open till the wee hours of the morning for those inebriated nights). My favorite is the kabob pita. The flavor, tenderness, and quality of the meat tastes like it should be at least $4 more. Not a fan of their falafel but the kabob pita! A must. Don't forget to packkkkk your pita with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, tahini, white sauce, and oils! Enjoy
We had the best falafel ever at Saca's Mediterranean Cuisine in Claremont. In addition to great food, you get Freddy, the owner, who is a delightful, warm human being. When he shakes your hand, he takes yours on both of his. I love that. He really makes you feel welcome. 

We had a falafel platter and a rotisserie chicken sandwich plate with a side of humus. We had plenty of fresh warm pita bread and enough falafel for three people.  The falafel is made by hand and deep fried. It's brown and crisp on the outside and moist and steaming on the inside. Freddy told me it is made with garbanzo beans and parsley and would only grin broadly when I asked if there was cumin in it. He said the secret to seasoning is to use just a little to keep people guessing about what's in it. 

Saca's is newly remodeled with a warm, comfy atmosphere including original art, a long upholstered bench, granite counter top and new tables and chairs. 

The restaurant serves on Styrofoam plates and other disposables, but is looking for eco-friendly replacements. 

Try Saca's--it's delicious and feels like home.
This place legit SUCKS.  I know Yelp buries the negative reviews if the place pays them their fee or whatever but I hope someone actually reads this.  First of all, I know what good Lebanese food tastes like.  If you go to Shawarma King or even Moody's Falafel you'll eat some really good food.  This place was the exact opposite.

I went here on a Saturday afternoon, because they didn't have what I wanted at Berry Line next door.  I ordered a simple lamb shawarma and it tasted awful.  I was starving too, so anything would taste good to me.  I had a soda with it, and it wound up costing $8+  I've never even had a bad shawarma in my life, somehow these guys managed to make one.

If you try this place, you will genuinely be disappointed.
The food is incredibly tasty, the servers are hot, and the ambiance is nice.  It turns into a club (think bass drums and euro) after 10pm, so if you want your romantic night out to be quaint, come earlier.
If you like garlic, you'll think you've died and gone to heaven!
We were brought to Olive House as prospective students for grad school.  I had their lentil soup and chicken briyani, and both were excellent.  Everyone was very happy with their food, and the portions were pretty large-- no one finished their food.  They were a little confused what to do with a group our size (8 people).  The service wasn't the greatest (lack of water refills, etc) but the food was good.
No drinks at a hookah joint?  Booooo!!!!

Plus, the place has got some serious identity schizophrenia.  The portion on and adjacent to the sidewalk could be a cool lounge-y place, but the inside looks like a deli.  The old, barely-functioning televisions don't help the ambiance (or lack thereof) either.  Too, it kindof sucks that they automatically charge you a "service charge" (in addition to the expected gratuity) which is essentially payment to have someone walk over to your table with the hookah.  Isn't that an assumed service at a hookah place?  Lame.

Based upon my experience and those listed on Yelp, I would not go back.
so, i'm recovering from meningitis..worst thing ever. fortunately my doctor told me that i had to quit my veg diet i've maintained for 15 years due to me having no immune system. blessing in disguise because i stopped by med cafe to try some of their not so veg friendly items...namely the chicken kabob.

hello heaven! the flavor in this thing is just jampacked with awesome. lemon garlic with tender white chicken. it's delicious. 

comes with a heaping serving of rice pilaf. so damn good. next time i'm just gonna get this by itself. also with hummus and a greek salad. oh and they give you a pita. um all this for 8 bucks. i only ate half the plate, so fortunately i have some tasty chicken to eat for later
I like Zankou. I really do. But double homicides really seem to take away from the wholesome quality of their establishments (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zankou_Chicken#January_2003_Murder). Okay, who the hell am I kidding? We all know that I'm no Anh T. of Green Gables. Hah.

Anyway, Med Cafe is a really great alternative to Z's in the Dena area. The service is quick and super friendly, big portions allow for leftovers, and prices are more than reasonable. Plates come with fluffy rice, side salad, tasty hummus and pita bread. Meats of choice include the tender lamb skewers and savory chicken shawerma. 

There's a reason why this place is a favorite amongst the locals, and it's not only because the owners don't end the lives of others to compensate for their own woes. So as the Beasties would say, "Ch-check it out,  Wh-what's it all about." (Don't ask; it's been stuck in my head all day.)
Falafels are seasoned to perfection and SO tasty. The man that works there (Rami?) is very very sweet. I'll be back to try to babaganoush.
I love their falafel. It is delicious and only $4!
I went here for the first time with a classmate and ordered off of the lunch specials menu. We were seated right away and were given menus. The restaurant was not too busy at the time. 

I ordered a chicken kabob off of the lunch specials menu, which was around $7-8. Initially when I ordered it, I was wondering whether the portions would be small, since it said the dish would come with only one kabob. Now in my mind, I was just picturing one of those satay sticks, small, and gone within a few bites. But I was extremely surprised when my food arrived. 

The portions are huge! The lunch special came with one large kabob, rice, a grilled tomato, and a side salad. I'm a big eater, so when I found myself getting full half-way through the dish, I was really surprised. It wasn't what I thought it'd be like. 

The kabob was grilled nicely outside, and tender on the inside. It had a nice blend of spices, which was coupled well lemon juice. 

I would definitely come back here again! The food was definitely worth the price. 

Only downside to this place is the service. It was pretty slow, even on a weekday and when it wasn't busy. I found myself getting up to flag down a waitress every now and then. Other than that, it was great.
Just ate there last night and will NEVER go back. I could go on and on... the food was so-so, the service was HORRIBLE and my party of three was charged over $60 for a Mezza platter and some iced teas (which were horrible... how does one mess an iced tea up?!)...plus there were some "mystery" charges the wait staff could not really explain on our bill....(other than, "just pay now"?!). 

Extremely dissapointed. The BIGGEST dissapointment was the waiter telling me they don't take cards... then having to show him the "VISA ACCEPTED" sticker on their door before they magically *did* accept VISA cards and he was able to run mine.  He still overcharged me, but at least I didn't have to use the shady-a$$ atms they have there.... ugh.
Wow, this place is fast and super efficient.  I had my food before I was even finished paying! It's a no-frills, very casual and easy kind of place.  There's also a decent  little patio you can sit at to eat. 

I got the Chicken Kebab plate for $8.00 and a side of Tabbouleh for an additional $3.  The chicken was a bit dry but the flavor was good.  The Tabbouleh was average.  The accompanying hummus along with the chili paste and garlic sauce was awesome and is what ultimately won me over.
Great late night greasy food.  The best thing here are the falafel - plate of 4 for just $2.50 and the lentil soup which is really tasty despite the styrofoam bowl.  The chicken shwarma plate or gyro plate to go are really huge amounts of food.  If you are looking for late night drunken eats then this place is one to go for.  The owner is really nice.  His cousin owns the other Aladdin farter south on the University Ave but the one next to Thai Tom is much nicer despite the lack of space.
You do not go to Habibi Cafe expecting a pleasant dining experience. In a sense, you have to earn it.
   For many people - especially most Americans - this idea is not only foreign but unwelcome. If you bring feelings of entitlement or arrogance, you will probably be snubbed. I'm guessing that's where a lot of the negative reviews come from.
    Leave your ego at home and open your heart (and your wallet) and you will have a great time here for sure. Learn your server's name. Try something new. Laugh.
    I'm not a hookah pro but some of my friends are; they really like the hookah here. Theyve said it's the most comparable hookah in the states to that from Egypt. I, however, am a food pro. While not the tastiest, you'll have a good experience with the food here. It's presented well and in solid portion.
     You will pay a lot here. Bring way more than you plan on spending. Be generous (to the place and yourself) and they will take care of you. 
    It's been suggested to need to go with the "right people". I'd say you need to go with the "right attitude". You do not go to Habibi Cafe to "save money" or "check out some girls" or "have a snack". Go to have a good time - let yourself do so - and you will!
in a town full of cheap restaurants that cater to students, somehow jg stands out as an excellent, healthy value. maybe its just the great falafel
This place was great! 

I got a veggie wrap with hummus 5.49 and I wanted falafel (dollar extra) what a deal for lunch!!!  And it was a foot long with avocado!!  

The falafel was perfect, yummy and not overcooked or hard.  You could choose what type of wrap you want, I got whole wheat, but there was tomato and spinach as well.  

I also got their homemade-from scratch baklava!

This is truly a one of a kind Ma + Pop type of joint, a real deal.  Tasty food and nice people.  

When my food was ready, I went to pick it up and she said I could have  a soda for free!  

I recommend-  delicious, yummy, healthy if you want to be,  and I hear their gyros are very good too.
Best place to get this kind of food in Ann Arbor (Mediterranean/Middle Eastern 'fast food' sanwiches, occasionally with a side of french fries.  Of course).  They're fast, cheap, very tasty, there's a fair variety, and the waitress might hit on you.  Your mileage may vary on that last one.
Ed's does not have the best pizza in the world. It does, however, have some pretty fantastic wings, if you don't get anything less hot than suicide. Those suicide wings are fantastic. There's a high ratio of meat as opposed to gristle, there are a lot of them, and the pizza + wings + soda combination deal isn't a bad value. Tragically, though, this locks you into a large pizza, when I discovered that the small pizzas are really much tastier. 

Not the finest of establishments, but certainly what you want when you are awake late at night, hungry, and desirous of something spicy to destroy your stomach in the morning.
Great place to see a show. They book tons of up and coming bands which is awesome and they don't use TicketMaster so you won't get raped with service charges. This is one of the better alternatives to House of Blues in Boston.

Drinks are average price, less that a lot of other places. I'm pretty sure they have $3 or $4 Bud Light tall boys.

The crowd can be a little rough sometimes, especially at the all ages shows, but the staff is not overbearing like at other clubs in the city which I like.
I had never been in a Pita Pit before. It's set up almost like a Subway. I was leery when we first went in and I went by my old stand-by of Chicken Cesar...it...was...AWESOME. I went and told the manager how much I enjoyed and she was sweet and nice and very appreciative of the compliment. Definitely making this place a craving priority. And--they're open until 3am...munchies!!!
Although I arrived very late and the place was closing, the owner was nice enough to serve us. The shawarma was ok (the meat a little bit dry but it may be because it was the end of the day). Not the best, but not bad as well.  The price is good and the restaurant seemed clean to me. I think I may come back to try the falafel.
L.A. doesnt have any (advertised) after hour spots, so this is a good spot for that after hour vibe. Good hookah, good music. The later it gets the more crowded it gets. The hookah can be on the pricey side but its worth it.
24 hours of middle eastern goodness!

While I don't know if I'd be keen on visiting at 3 AM, they are open 24 hours a day.  Excellent choices for vegans and vegetarians.  If you could find any of these items at Whole Foods, they would be double the price.  Love the harisa, cheap spices, grape leaves and baklava.  As a foodie and cook, it's fun to try random sauces and other items too.
Being from Chicago, I am slightly suspicious (naturally) of curry-flavored gyro meat, but wow, it was quite tasty and a welcome change. As soon as I saw the Kronos Gyros sign in the window all my fears were laid to rest. The fries were slightly undercooked and unsalted, but I had lots of curry tsaziki sauce left over for dipping them, and in the end, left full and satisfied.
Jerusalem Gardens is a local favorite, as well as a personal one. While it is a Lebanese restaurant, some of their dishes are made differently than one might be used to, so it's good to ask if you're not familiar. 

Keep in mind that this place is tiny - the back dining room probably seats no more than 20, and there are 4 or so bar stools up at the front. During the summer you can sit outside on their patio, which easily doubles their seating capacity. This place is cheap and casual, and the seating is pretty close together. Don't go there for an intimate chat or for the fine dining experience. It's perfect for lunch or a weeknight dinner if you want inexpensive flavorful healthy food.

Some highlights: 
the lentil soup - lemony and delicious, not too thick. 

the hummus and baba ganoush: the hummus is super creamy, and the baba is wonderfully garlicky. 

the falafel: probably the best I've ever had - big friend rounds of it, with a wonderful crust, and a beautiful green interior, super flavorful. 

Chicken schwarma: this is NOT cooked on a spit, like you might think, but is more along the lines of a marinated grilled chicken breast - tender and moist. 

the fattoush salad: this is more like an Israeli salad, filled with diced tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and topped with some pita chips. There's little to no lettuce in it. 

My husband is also a big fan of the beef kabobs, and I like the kafta - it's a nicely spiced ground beef shaped into something that can be put on a skewer and grilled. It's delicious. 

Desserts: I don't know if they buy them or make them themselves, but you can check out the desserts in the case as you walk in and plan what you'll order at the end. I love the pistachio baklava, but they have many other types as well.
Seriously, this is the holy grail if you like chicken.  

The chicken skin is amazing.. always tastes amazing.  Okay.. we go there a lot.. and sometimes, the skin is not as crispy as it should be.. but say you go at 11 am, before rush hour lunch.. it's perfect.  Boyfriend and I share half a chicken plate (he gets dark, I get breast) and it comes with hummus and pickled radish with tomato... all so fresh.  And that delicious garlic sauce on the side.  We get the garden salad on the side.  Extra pita, two garlic sauce, and we're two happy campers.  

Sometimes we get falafel.. very good.  Shish Kabob.. takes too freakin long to order- 15 minutes.  So if you get this, break your order in two.  Get say a wrap.. pay for it.. then order shish kabob.  

A place that ALWAYS hits the spot.  I love my Zankou.

However, wikipedia the Zankou story.. it's morbid.  Do not go to the one in LA on Sunset, apparently that one is NOT part of the Zankou chain I know and love.  I guess once upon a time there were familial problems (to put it mildly) and they split.. one part owns the illegitimate Zankou on Sunset, and another part owns the rest.  

Anyway, my coworkers and I went to the LA one, and got sick.  So go to http://zankouchicken.com/ and just go to the locations on that website.  The ones listed there are the legitimate ones.
Great hole-in-the-wall breakfast place!! Very affordable the average price for all breakfast items ranged between $4-$8. 

I had the feta, egg and tomato sammie for $4.50. It came with home style potatoes, veggies, an orange slice and a piece of banana. 

The rest of my family got omelets and most of them couldn't finish their meals. 

Service was a little slow as there was only one waitress and when we got there the tables weren't cleaned off or set up with silverware (which is why it's not 5 stars).
Very Good, Simple Falafel House.

Nothing Fancy, but everything is done right.

Very friendly staff to help you order.

Everything cooked to order!!
My favorite part of coming here is having the appetizers.  The tahdig and shirazi are so delicious!  A couple of times I have stopped by just for an order of shirazi to have with bread for lunch.  The tahdig is basically crispy rice with a salty stew poured over it.  The shirazi is a mixture of chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions in what I think is olive oil and grape juice.  I'm not sure.  It's just wonderful.

The hummus here is somewhat bland/mild, which I think might be why some people don't like it.  I think it tastes good and fresh, though, and usually will order it.  The pita bread is not the greatest.

The only meal I've had is the shish kabob plate with rice, a tomato, and a chili, and I enjoyed it.  The meat was very cooked but still tender, and the onions and bell peppers on the kabob were tasty as well.  When I ordered a shish kabob plate and an appetizer, that was enough food for three meals.  The portions are enormous.

The service is usually decent, though it can be a little weird.  I tried to order a kabob "a la carte" one time and was given a whole plate with rice, etc.  So I'll have to be more specific the next time I do that.
Amir's... you break my heart! I just moved here and thought that you would be this great, non-chain, inexpensive go-to place for falafel, and then I realized that you put bread crumbs or some kind of filler into your falafel mix, in order to bulk it out. Is that why the pita is $3.50? The result is just bland, dry falafel.
Great and effecient service. Beef kabob plate hands down the best in pasadena. eat here at least once a week.  GREAT FOOD, clean bathroom, Great service, and its family owned. Love this place!!!
Mediocre food earns it a two star, the rest makes it less than a one.  Poor service.  Incredibly rude owner.

And something that I find niggling -- WHAT restaurant doesn't even give you a dixie cup of tap water?  I don't think I've ever even been to a restaurant that forces you to buy a drink.  It is cheap nickel and dime-ing.

If there were another place in the vicinity that served mediocre falafel, I'd never come back -- as it is, when I want a falafel and don't have much time, I come -- but I feel bad giving this place money, because it should go out of business.

It just really isn't hard to have friendly service in a restaurant...
Awesome chicken cabob wraps! and super fast! gets croweded during lunch and they close pretty early. Everything here is very tasty and reasonably priced.
Best Falafel ever!

seriously. There's quite a few falafel places in Berkeley and so far, none can compare. Sunrise deli offers fair-priced food. But I usually only come for the falafels. but MAN, are they good.

I have class at night that starts at 6:30 so I like to come to here, order my falafel and eat as I walk to class. NOMs. The most delicious falafel and such yummy pita bread too! The people who work here are super nice and that's ALWAYS a plus for me. 

I was so happy to find out that they now have a Food truck at Off the Grid. Now I can still get falafel at Off the Grid!
I went here for lunch today and ordered a falafel sandwich (one of my favorite meals ever). Sadly it was quite disappointing. There were about 4 microwaved (?!) falfel wrapped in lavash with a little bit of chopped tomato, a tiny bit of sauce, and maybe some lettuce. There really just wasn't anything worthwhile about the place.
A decent take-out place when you're not looking for anything superb, but just something to fill you up, which is what their gyros do for me.
This happens to be my first 18+ club outting in Boston and my first ever club outting on a tuesday night.  
Negatives: 
The party stops @ 12:15....(why?)
Looks like there are several 16 year olds in there with fake IDs (might not be a negative in some people's eyes)
Expensive cover for a TUESDAY for 21+ (we even had the password to get a whole 2 bucks off of the cover.)
Small dance floor.

Positives:
Amazing techno DJ!- Amazing! (kinda partial to techno, gotta say)
Nice indie aura.
Coat check... always a positive.
Attentive bartender.  

Just had an overall good time, and I will be back because of the music.
Lovely little coffee house right in the Barttle Theater. Authentic middle eastern food and ambiance. The rooftop seating is nice and romantic and not that busy during the week. The service is a bit slow and forgetful, so just prepare yourself for that and enjoy the experience.
so the hummus is delicious, as is the hibiscus tea, but there is absolutely no room to move around - or even get to one's table without knocking over all the others on the way - and it's just way overpriced for what it is.  don't really  understand the appeal.
The food is incredible and the owners make you feel right at home.  A great family owned restaurant.
This is BY FAR the best place to go for greek food.  I've tried others (including Zankou chicken) and they just don't compare.  I always order the chicken shawerma just because it has so much flavor.  The hommus is the smoothest hommus I've ever had.  If you want to eat here for lunch, you MUST get there before 11:30.  Otherwise, you won't find a seat.
This is such a great coffee shop in Harvard square, no wonder it's always packed (then again I usually go here on the weekends so that might explain it). Sit upstairs, it has a much nicer feel to it than the lower floor. It reminds me of the coffee shops back home where you can smoke shisha and just hang out with your friends for hours without ever feeling unwelcome or like you need to leave. I decided to try their food once and the hummus was fantastic. The couscous stew was great too albeit a little too heavy for a summer day. It is quite pricey although I usually try to just order tea or hot chocolate to escape an expensive tab. The service was quite slow and the waitresses aren't great conversationalists (maybe this is a good thing, as it leaves me free to converse with my friends) but the beautiful ambience brings me back every time!
The food looked and smelled great.  I ordered the falafel wrap and was disappointed.  It was on the cold side and lacked enough flavor/spice for me.  If I go back I will try the chicken.
I ate here when they first opened last year sometime and had a gyro wrap.  I remember it being pretty good, although a bit heavy on the onions for my taste.  The people running it were very nice and helpful with menu selections though.
If you are looking for a tasty lunch on the run in Central Square , this is an easy go-to.  I've sampled a few items on their menu, but it's hard to pass up a falafel for less than $5.  The only problem is that if you want to get a cheap lunch, then you'll have to bring cash.  They do not accept credit cards for orders under $15.
I am a falafel lover - I think its more about what comes in the pita with the falafel than the falafel itself! The turnips are excellent. If you are a fan of pickled foods definitely check this place out. It is quite busy during the lunch hour, but there is a lot of seating indoor and outdoors.  It is cafeteria style with casual dress.
Falafel was always one of those foods that I always *thought* I would like more than I actually did.  Most falafel (despite being vegetarian) left me feeling unpleasantly full and vaguely nauseous.  

Enter Falafel Corner!

Falafel Corner is everything I always hoped falafel would be - flavorful, light and fluffy falafel, paired with fresh greens, grilled bread...and...wait for it, PICKLES!  I've *never* had pickles with falafel before but they're a brilliant addition to a falafel wrap.  Their sweet tanginess picks up the more nutty taste of the falafel.  (Ok - enough food reviewer talk).

And to top it off - a large falafel wrap is less than $5 with tax!  I'm just trying to figure out when I can make another trip to the Square so I can go to falafel corner again...
OH east side pockets. How wonderful your falafel is? So moist and flavourful... It leaves me wanting more.
We call this "the 45-second place" because that is literally how long it takes to order and get your food.

Everything we've had on the menu is fantastic. Usually we get chicken kebabs but also lamb kebabs, wraps, falafel, baba ganoush. And of course the plates come with hummus, greek salad, and pita. And did I mention garlic sauce? The garlic sauce alone might be worth the trip. Ambrosia in a plastic cup. Just beware of the chili sauce. That will knock your socks off.

Yes, everything is served in styrofoam, paper, and plastic. The restaurant is really designed for take-out, although there are a number of tables inside and outside for your dine-in pleasure. But I don't really recommend doing that, since you're sitting next to a busy parking lot. Just get it to go and enjoy your food at home or in the park or wherever.

Dad & son are usually all business behind the counter but will crack a smile for regulars.

We eat here about twice a month; sometimes more.
I'm not sure that a lot of these people realize that there are *two* Cedars.  There's a fancier one on Brooklyn Avenue, which has both Indian dishes and Middle Eastern.  And then there's this one, a cheap hole-in-the-wall on 43rd that primarily serves Lebanese.

I can't say I've been to Cedars on Brooklyn, but my experiences here have been a little tumultuous.  The first time (review below) was relatively charming.  I had a nice dish, and it was cheap enough, although it mostly boiled down to a lot of rice and some meat, albeit tender and well-spiced meat.

I get the impression that the restaurant has subsequently changed hands.  The new owner is not nearly as friendly, although he still cooks serviceable, cheap fare.  I ordered the same dish (for a side-by-side comparison) and found it virtually unchanged.  But when the service isn't smiling anymore, especially when it comes to cheap food, that can make a lot of difference.

Unless you're craving a rice-centered dish, Samir's across the street is a better deal -- and great entertainment.  Cedars, with the hope that the service was just having a bad afternoon, is just solidly OK.
This place is extremely busy and expensive for no real reason other than the location and niche' market.  The places down in orange county offer much better selection of music, choices, and fast service and wider sitting space than here.  However, I did like the place when I was there and I didn't mind it.   The mint tea was up to par.  The bowl went out fast however, it's  because they kept up on the coals and never moved them outside just center lit.  Over=all it was a good experience however, if i had my 0.02 I would make it seven dollars cheaper...
I'm not sure why this place is 'krazi', but it's cool. The business model is like chipotle/subway, where in this case you start with a naan, add your chicken/beef/steak, and a variety of toppings. I guess you can call it the Indian chipotle. 

I got a chicken burrito here. The only problem for me was, the guy was like "do you want this, do you want that", so I basically told him to put almost everything they had on it. Needless to say, 3 sauces on there will make that naan soggy, and it started to fall apart midway through. Other than that, it was a good meal. 

The staff was very friendly, although the person at the counter asked me if I ever had naan before; silly question. 

Quick tip: parking can be a hassle here, and when you find a spot, don't forget to put a quarter for your spot, because they're watching you like a hawk to ticket you.
The owners are very pompous, which we have put up with in exchange for their slightly better than average food.  Today I rode my bicycle there to get take out.  The patio was completely empty, except for two people.  I put my bicycle against a chair, far away from foot traffic, or the two diners.  The owner came out and told me rudely that I could not park my bicycle on the patio.  I explained that I just wanted to quickly get take-out, and did not want my bicycle to get stolen.  With a smirk, he said "sorry, no bicycles".  He might come back and say that it was a safety issue, but it was not, not even close.  Stay clear of this "cafe's" attitude and marginal food.
Oh gyros of Aladdin Falafel Corner, how I love thee! Seriously, this is as good as gyros can get at a very good price. Their gyros is at the right temperature, the meat is juicy and flavorful... It just all works. It's one of those places that you walk by and lures you inside with its yummy-gyros aromas. I find this place irresistible, and you will too!
This is my favorite place for breakfast in all of Cambridge, maybe even Boston. 

First, the food is awesome! Generous portions, best omelette's I've ever had, but I usually get the Eggs Benedict. Homefries are great and done the right way. And they usually give you some vegetables (think spinach) along with your food to make the whole thing taste really healthy. 

Second, the prices are so uncommonly low. This makes me happy.

Third, it's family run and there is art on the wall from local artists. So you can order away knowing you aren't supporting some soulless conglomerate chain. 

The only thing people might take issue with are the (sometimes) long lines and the (usually) slow service. I say, deal with it. Take the opportunity to actually talk and enjoy the time with the person you came with, we really don't get to do this very much anymore.
I love this place! It was my first time eating Middle Eastern food, and it was an amazing experience all around.  

I went with two friends, the service was great. We immediately were helped and the lady was such a sweet heart.  Our food was brought out to us very fast, and it tasted very fresh and light.  The whole time we were there, the owners (I think they were the owners) were having small talk with us. It wasn't the type of conversation where you want them to go away; we really enjoyed talking to them. They were genuinely nice. 

I had my hair in a fish tail braid and the owner kept asking how I did it, and so I showed her on my friend and she was so fascinated! It was adorable. And her husband kept telling us he had three sons for us and would love us to be their daughters! I really liked that they took the time to talk to us, and joke. It felt as though we had gone out of the country for an authentic meal.

I'll definitely be going back for more!
I'll keep this short and sweet. I went back for hookah/shisha  on a Friday night (hookah is available Thursday through Saturday). They had a great selection of tobacco flavors. We settled on the double apple which was great. I believe it's $15 for the first hookah and refills cost $6 (I can't recall). We also had tea and baklava. They have a short late night menu available. If you like hookah I would definitely recommend this place.
The Middle East restaurant has actually hit rock bottom and started to dig.  My server (I call her that for lack of a better term... there certainly was no service involved) could not have been more disinterested in my table of three.  My soda was never refilled... she showed up every 20 minutes at most, and when we got the check... guess what?
Preadded tip.  For a table of three.  No wonder she didn't give a rat's ass about us.
Service here sucks. No free refills on soda if your server doesn't come back, and you can't go to the bar if you're seated.  They must just call themselves a restaurant for tax reasons... since they clearly don't care about serving food.

Never again, Middle East.  Your food isn't that great anyway... and if I really want it that badly, I'll go to Zuzu's where they actually treat you like a human, and ask them to sneak it out of your kitchen.
My favorite place to see bands in Boston.  Between the Upstairs, Downstairs, Corner, and Zuzu, these guys always have something interesting going on, on any given night.  How can you not love that?  The staff is usually cool and friendly enough.  Special props to Tim the uber-nice Upstairs bartender - always smiling and personable even when 200 people are asking him for drinks at the same time.
Service when I went was extremely unfriendly.  Also, they do have minimums for using the hookah (every person needs to buy at minimum one drink).  Also, the lighting is really bad inside, so its hard to see whether or not the hookah's are really clean.  The decor and ambiance is very old school, and they have middle eastern music playing all the time.  The hookah's taste fine, and the staff is usually pretty good about changing out coals and bowls of tobacco.  Overall, IMO, it was not worth the money since it was extremely costly just for three hours of hookah session with eight people.
Oh Falafel Palace...I used to live up the street from FP and ate there maybe 2-6 times/week.  It is hands down the best value for the $ in the area.  The food is fresh and delicious and you can tell them exactly how you want it (e.g. extra hot sauce, less falafel more hummus) and they're completely obliging.  I especially love the lentil soup, falafel wraps, and foule salad.  While the service can be slow at times (because it gets so crowded during lunch and dinner hours), for the price, you can't beat Moody's!
This place really deserves a 3.5, but we dinged it after having gotten used to the giant grilled platters from Oasis & A La Turka in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, at the same prices with twice as much food and a more delicate hand in spicing.

We have been craving middle eastern food and found this place on yelp.  As others have mentioned, the place is no frills but clean, and the mirror in the ladie's room made my legs look thin :)

Stuffed grape leaves ($6): huge serving with 8 pieces. Jim just mentioned that they had a meat version so I'm pissed we didn't get those. Grr. We'll be back for those. These were good--not so tightly packed that I couldn't bite through them, but they were a bit messy, as the leaves could have been more tender so I wouldn't be pulling strands from my teeth after each bite.  Flavourwise, excellent.  Not too bitter.

Mixed grill ($20): this came with tabbouleh, hummus, babganouj, and lots of meats, actually the right portion size for 2 of us, but we're just spoiled and used to platters filled with food, not just a small dinner plate to share.  

Tabbouleh was very fresh and tasty, but I wanted more of it.  

Hummus, correct size (Jim loves it, I don't).  

Babaganouj, not enough (I'm a glutton), so we ordered an extra side of it.  It was a little mild, but I was hungry.  No lebne (yogurt), which was a surprise, as I'm used to a trifecta of sauces whenever we eat middle eastern food.  There were 2 tiny olives on that plate.

Rice: good flavour, but a bit dry for my taste (I believe it was intentional).  

Meat:As much as I've eaten at middle eastern restaurants, I don't know the names of the meat types (we always get a mixed grill, which likely doesn't help).  One of the grilled meats tasted like pumpkin pie spice, which was good, but threw me off as I know the spices are used in middle eastern cuisine, but not exactly in the same proportion as pumpkin pie spice.  The gyros-like slices were average, but should have been a little more charred.  The skewered sausage was excellent, one of the best I've had, as it had a delicate hand with cinnamon instead of the overpoweringly sweet/bitter version many places serve.  Grilled cubed meats were a little overdone, and had a slight liver-taste, which usually comes from steaming.  No grilled skewered vegetables such as peppers, onions, or tomatoes.  :(

Extra side of babaganouj: don't know the cost, but our bill came to $36 with tax.

I decided to pick up 1 each of the baklavas (there are 6 varieties) as well as halwa ($25), since Jim had never tried the sesame paste and I spent a good deal of time trying to describe it.  The rounded pistachio shredded wheat version was big and dripping with honey.  The halva delicious (I don't think it will last through the morning).

The service was a bit spotty, and flagging down a server was more difficult than it should have been.  Incredibly nice, but I never got the olive oil I requested twice.

Couples, families, young and ancient.  A good mix of people.  BYO
Good Chicken Kebabs. (9.99$)

They do not have LAMB.

Not tried their Beef.....
From an incredible falafel sandwich which included the freshest tabooley and hummus I have ever had, to handmade grape leaves, to there own homemade fudge, Tom's Tabooley is an Austin institution and a must visit.  You can always buy at the supermarkets in Austin as well, including whole foods, which is a testament to the quality.  Look forward to  
the new expansion which will have live music and games!
Long time neighborhood place on Craig St., Ali Baba is convenient to both CMU and Pitt.  The food quality ranges from OK to pretty good. The final bill will be relatively gentle on the wallet too -- an added incentive during these days of economic down turns.

While not necessarily the best Middle Eastern fare Pittsburgh has to offer (I prefer Taza 21), Ali Baba is probably your best bet in Oakland.  In any case, of all the restaurants on Craig St., its value to price ratio is probably the best.

3.5 stars
We were quite surprised at the quality of the falafel and the lamb dish that we had.  The mood is a little funky with the excellent food makes for a delightful dining experience.  It is worth the trip.
Come for the tastey sandwiches at good prices. Unless you want to get their homemade tea, grab your drink elsewhere along Broadway--it's marked up a bit here. Minus a point for overpriced (albeit well-made) desserts.
I should have gotten their meat plate, because their falafel is really flavorless.  I don't get all of the good reviews.  I eat everything that is put in front of me and I could only stomache two falafels and had to throw away the rest.  Which kinda never happens.

I hate to say it, but the racist greek place with the microwaved falafel around the corner is much better.
OMG... love this place. it's got so much character and the coffee is to die for !!
I like the crepes all right, though I would probably have something to drink if you order the Naughty Nutella, because it's a lot of sweet, thick Nutella-y goodness in between those crepe layers, and if you're not careful, it makes ya feel a little sick. 

The crepe au citron is very good--not too sweet, with just enough tartness to keep things interesting.
Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, and since I had never tried this place before, I was excited, as I had not had great falafel in ages!  Settled on falafel in a pita with hummus (my standard order) and was delighted to discover they had Spring Nectar, which I hadn't seen anywhere in the states since my trip to Israel!  Only downside--the music was a bit too loud, but that being said, I'd still come back for the great food and prompt service.
First a review of the place. It's pretty medium-sized and has some awkward seating with two big tables that can hold 6-8 and then a bunch of 4 person tables. Has a Mediterranean feel with those big tent things that are kinda comical since it's indoors. You can also see their custom kabab grills on the other side of the counter which was cool to look at.

Our service was pretty bad, but we also came during lunch time so it also seemed a little understaffed. Took about ~10 minutes to finally put our order in, but they tried to keep us entertained with a complementary eggplant appetizer with baked pita chips. That was actually pretty good.

Onto the food.
The menu has the usual variety of mediterranean food, including the meat combos, humus, falafel  with some additional indian biryanis mixed in there. My friend tried the quail dish which was the first time we tasted quail and it had a TON of flavor. They did a good job of marinating it in some lemon juice and mediterranean spices...combined with the smokie bbq flavor...oh it was good. Except it was a little harder to eat than chicken because of the size and the bones.

 I had the meat combo which I enjoyed but the steak meat is definitely better than the chicken (a little dried out). The humus that came with the combo was also especially good, one of the better ones i've tried. Both come with a good serving of friend rice that is more than enough.

Next time i'll probably try the Meat Arayes along with the arayes with cheese and falafel sandwich. Overall decent food, not bad for champaign, and worth another visit. Not awesome, but definitely worth trying out.
Some of the best falafel I've had in Los Angeles.  The prices are low and both the falafel and pita bread are made fresh while you wait.  But the best part is the condiment bar with a pretty good selection of toppings and sauces that you can add as you see fit.  With Bella Pita in my life, gone are the days that I will pay extra to have both hummus and tahini on my falafel!  Not as good as I had in Israel, but it's as close as I've come in the area (if anyone knows somewhere better, please let me know).

---
Take Big Blue Bus #1, 2, 3, 8, 12, Culver CityBus #6 or Metro #20, 720, 920, 761 or 2 to Westwood Village.
i was so excited when this was at Stamp. I got the gyro. It was yummy. I like how they wrapped it tight for me so I could actually eat it. Unlike their other locations where they serve it as an open face sandwich. The lines are never long. Friendly service. Their yogurt sauce is yummy...and delish. Though their pita bread can be a little hard and chewy but the juices from the meat makes it all better.
Last Friday was my first non-dining experience at Zuzu, and I daresay that it saved the night. 

I came here for Kabir H's birthday shenanigans, where we started out at Middlesex. Boooooo. We were doomed to spend the evening in minimalist hell, surrounded by asshats. And then someone had the brilliant idea to move the party over to Zuzu. Props to that person. I'd kiss you if I could!

Way to bring it, Zuzu. The evening that followed was ass-shakingly awesome. The DJ had the skills to pay the bills. Everyone in our party was sweaty and having a blast. There were no asshats to be found here. The doors were open to the night air. All was good. Also good: the fact that I didn't dine and have the whipped garlic before getting my groove on. Garlic breath in close quarters: big no-no.
I always turn to Falafel King whenever I'm stuck in Westwood and don't have a lot of time to spare. They recently relocated from their former dingy location on Broxton to a sunnier place up the street, and the décor is brand new with clean checkered floors and a nice sauce bar and soda machine to the right. I need to fit a meal within half an hour on my schedule, and after not finding anything remotely appetizing at the Farmers Market I decided to come here for a quickie. 

For $8.95, I got the shawarma plate that came with a very generous portion of beef and lamb, rice seasoned with tomato and spices, one huge pita bread, fried veggie, and thick creamy hummus. I thought the meat was tasty and decent with a few uneven juicy and dry spots while the rice had a nice but unexpected kick. The hummus and fried/refried crispy greasy veggie was nothing to write home about, but the pita bread was warm and toasty. It's was the comfort food on the go that I was looking for. 

Service was brief but very quick. The previous restaurant at this location had a huge TV so it was disappointing that they got rid of it, but the sunnier disposition definitely gave the place a better vibe. 3 stars for the decent experience. Sunnin is still much more superior but this is definitely a nice alternative for those looking to escape the same old eateries on campus.
Seriously, this place is redunkulous. I'm amazed how efficient these guys are at getting your food out so quickly. The food here they serve is also very tasty and don't get me started on the hummus (so good). Although the line can get a bit long during lunch hours, it moves quickly. Nice staff, good food, nice patio/indoor area to eat what more can I ask for? 

When your here, you're family! ... wait wrong restaurant slogan...
As serendipity would have it, my next date was a fellow yelper (don't you go snooping through my friends' list to find out who it is!)

He chose Mediterranean Cafe on Shopper's Lane, a place all too familiar to me now. (see previous entry)

Upon ordering, I reflected back to what yelpers had previously mentioned about this place...that the service was FASSTTT!!! Before I could even make small talk with the cashier about the on-going game on the TV they had behind the counter, two syrofoam TO-GO boxes were stacked on top of each other with a warm pita bread in a separate plastic pouch. 

The dissection of the box:

I ordered the mixed Kabob plate which included:

+ rice (not the basmati kind, but almost pilaf like with small strings of noodles, kinda like Rice-aroni.)

+ beef kabob (1 skewer)- tender well seasoned

+ chicken kabob (1 skewer)- moist and flavorful

+ side salad

+ hummus

+ warm pita bread (1 serving) 

+ chile container of condiment

+ garlic spread 

--------------------------------------------------------------

My date had the Chicken shawerma plate which looked pretty delicious...may have to try it next time. 

For around $8 a plate, it's a deal. I recommend trying it if you want fast food that taste like it's been slowly cooked.
I just had lunch here with my coworkers.

My thoughts? Mmm it was... Okayyyyyyyy. 

I ordered the beef kebab (lunch special). 
-price: $10  
-portion size: girly
-taste: it was okay --- nothing much to complain about, but not particularly tasty either. It came with one kebab and a mound of rice... I think it would've been better if there were something extra. Perhaps some hummus or salad on the side?

Overall, not bad.. but my coworkers and I probably won't be returning here anytime soon.
Through all my travels this past year I've had a lot of middle eastern food, and I'm proud to say that Jersusalem Garden is still damn near unmatched in my book.  Even better, on my most recent trip there I discovered they had remodeled their dining area near the back of the restaurant, the previous size of which was my ONLY gripe about this place.  It's now longer and a bit roomier...brighter, too!  The food is fantastic (get.  the.  falafel.  get twenty), the service is hella quick and always with a smile, and the prices are dirt cheap.  Even if you haven't tried middle eastern food...if you live in Ann Arbor and you haven't been here yet, you're doing something wrong.
I've been eating at JG since shortly after it opened and I've never been disappointed. The falafel with baba (or hummus), chicken schwarma, shish kebab, and grape leaf sandwiches are always tasty and satisfying. JG is one of my two or three favorite lunch spots in downtown AA and it's one of the few places left where you can still get a satisfying lunch for $5-6.
Another one of may favorite lunch stops. 

Chicken schwarma (incorrect spelling im sure) is of the hook. Love the casual feel and the wall of top shelf celebs. My favorite is the one of the man with the beard near the top left of all the photos. 

Hummis and garlic dip are a must. 

Check it out and enjoy.
just experienced bella pita, as it served as a wonderful late night snack after a very long day of work/school event.  we arrived at 1am (they close at 2am) on a thursday night and it was a bit busy inside.  

i absolutely love the concept of this small spot.  order your pita/wowshie and fill it with whatever goodies are available at the bar.  includes onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, cabbage and more.  big variety of sauces/dressings.

i got the cheese wowshi (mozzarella, cheddar and monterey jack), one gf got the black bean wowshi and another gf got the falafel pita.  i added cabbage, tomatoes and onions to mine and gheez la wheez, did it hit the spot?!  the falafel pita was just as delicious and same with the black bean.  black bean may be yummier w/ cheese though.  i didn't overload on fillers, but i'm sure it would have been even more delicious if i had.  

definitely sad that i just tried this spot considering i won't be in westwood as often anymore, but hey.....i travel for food.  relatively cheap considering what you get.  wowshis actually come in a pair.  my cheese wowshi was only $4.25.  that's a steal to me.  so i'll definitely be hitting up this spot before my last two weeks are up.
I lived on College Hill in Providence for more than three years, and even though I've tried most of the restaurants on Thayer, East Side Pockets is one of only two places on that street I would recommend.

The food is good, fresh, affordable, and consistent. The seating doesn't always accommodate the volume of customers and being next to Brown, you get a lot of college kids, but you can always rely on the place for a good quick meal.
love the ground meat on the shish wrap with extra red onions, awesome, owners are very  very nice people, when I go there I relax and enjoy the food.

I recommend highly, also they carry excellent sun flower seeds, good for watching movies substitute to popcorn :-) very very healthy.

Thank you
This remains four stars, but because I added one for being much less crowded, even on the Saturday night Motown party.  But then it lost a star for the ridiculous hour-long wait outside.  I mean, I got in and there was plenty of room so I'm not sure what was up.
Compared to other eateries located on Thayer Street, ordering from this restaurant gives you the most bang for your buck!  Considering the target demographic of young, college students and 20-30-something year old hipsters, East Side Pockets hits the mark, offering a wide selection of street Greek cuisine to the young, eclectic crowds on Thayer. 

My fiance and I ordered stuffed graped leaves, chicken pita pocket, and a gyro pita pocket. We opted for the full gamut of toppings, and they were incredibly fresh and perfect flavor enhancers for an otherwise deceptively simple pita pocket. The hot-off-the-grill meats tasted juicy and wonderful. These are no wimpy pockets, either!  They're huge!  For a 105-lb girl like me, one pocket (ringing in at $6 and change) equates to a meal and a half. 

The service is very quick, too, and the pockets are conveniently wrapped for eating on the go.

We are delighted to have found this ethnic gem amidst what we found as a dearth of delicious, authentic, and affordable ethnic cuisine in the greater Providence and Rhode Island area!
I used to be a Hookah! person, but when this place opened up I had to give it a try.  I love how long their bowls last, and there is always someone coming by to give you a new coal to keep it from getting harsh.  The staff is friendly and always lets me try new combinations.  Once, I asked for pineapple juice in the base (wasn't on the menu) and the server actually ran out to the market down the street and bought some!  I was very very impressed by that.

I love swinging by in the summer and sitting near the open windows.  It's a perfect way to spend an afternoon in my book.  I can always get a table here, even when it seems busy.  Service is usually pretty good, although sometimes you have a flag a waiter down when they get distracted chatting with other customers.  I've never had a bad experience here.

WAIT.  No, I HAVE.  When they bring in a lame DJ I always duck out.  The music is too loud (or maybe I'm too old?) and it's generally terrible.  Stick to the Middle Eastern music you used to play, or maybe even some club music but PLEASE NO MORE SHITTY DJS!!
Beautiful location-- 'specially for a Green Street establishment.  The restaurant is big, lots of seating, but with lunch/dinner rush, you'll have people lining up to the door while the one service counter handles everything-- orders, food, drink, etc.  There's no menu until you reach the counter (unless people cut the queue to get them, which isn't as much a taboo as it might sound).  

Everyone is exceptionally friendly.  The host is funny and the people that come to your table with the food are tremendously gracious.  Always willing to help.

Portions are IN-SANE.  Entrees are between $9 and $14, and I'll level with you-- this place is expensive for it's location (which probably helps steer the college kids away), but for what you get?  Two meals easily.  I'm not just saying that because I eat light.  For a light eater, you're probably looking at four.

The nan is fantastic.  It comes out hot and if you want it buttered or stuffed or just plain, it's _always_ good.  Their vegetarian dishes are superb.  Excellent use of spices in all save the rice (which is served with every dish).  The rice is a little bland, so if you're looking for all of that beautiful flavor that radiates from your dish to be there, it's not.  But that's more a delivery system, anyway.  And something a little blander with all that spice is probably a good idea.  Their kabobs are fantastic.  Huge and well seasoned.  Whether you get it wrapped in nan or in the platter (with salad!), you won't be disappointed.

I think their soft drinks are too small for the price, but they do offer the option of water, though (and good thing, too with their spicy menu)!  All in all I'm happy to go back!
I finally had a chance to try this spot for lunch on Saturday, and was delighted with my experience.  It was terribly hard to choose among the adundance of tasty-sounding Mediterranean options.  Should I have a shawarma sandwich?  Falafel?  Schnitzel?  Not to mention all of the side dishes and salads...I was flummoxed by the array of delights.  Ultimately, I settled on a Greek salad topped with a lamb kabob.  

My dining mates got their orders quickly, but mine took several minutes, as it appeared that they grilled my kabob from scratch.  Thankfully, it was worth the wait.  The salad was a fresh, heaping mound of romaine topped generously with multiple varieties of whole greek olives, delicious feta, and the other typical trappings.  The freshly grilled lamb chunks were succulent, flavorful, and beautifully cooked.  It even came with fluffy whole wheat pita bread on the side.  I was delighted with my delicious, wholesome lunch.  

Hummus provides a wonderful dining option just off the Penn campus.  I look forward to returning to try other things...if I can restrain myself from getting the lamb kabob salad again!
They get perfect marks for food. The kebab sandwiches and plates are great, albeit a  little on the expensive side: about $7 for a sandwich and $10 for a plate. The ambiance is really nice and friendly, and you feel that everyone who walks in are locals that are friends with the owners. The kitchen where they prepare the food is right there in the open so you can watch them cook your food. Note that this isn't a fast food place. It's a full fledged restaurant that takes a while to prepare your order, and the food is high quality. The place would be perfect, except for the prices, which inhibit most college students from going there all the time. However, it is still a good Persian food option to have so close to campus.
the shawerma plate is a great lunch.  ask for an extra pita so you can put together a few delicious pita concoctions. its super fast, easy parking, and not too expensive.  
med cafe is worth a try.
This wonderful Palestinian stand single-handedly fills in a good portion of the shocking dearth of Arabic food in the Philadelphia area. Hanan is a sweetheart, and her falafel and baba ghannouj are always delicious  and homemade. I think it's fair to say that this is the best falafel I've had in the U.S. (outside of someone's house, that is). It's also wonderfully cheap, which is great for us college-student types. As a vegetarian, I haven't tried any of the meat options, but my dad had some chicken shawarma and said it was very tasty as well. 

In this era of "pita pocket" and "pita pit" feaux-Arabic food stops in mall food courts, it's always hugely exciting to find fresh Arabic food made the right way. Oh, and in the spirit of keeping it authentic, for God's sake (and your own) don't dilute the flavor of the food with gobs of hot sauce.
Perfect TEN

Any intelligent Rhode Island resident understands that East Side Pockets is a time-tested establishment with awesome food and satisfying meals.  Go there.  It's the best Middle Eastern gig in Rhode Island for the money, as well as the experience.
It's neat because it's open late, and pretty accessible. 

Rating definitely suffers a "beer goggles" effect because you almost need to be drunk to get the most bang for your buck, experience wise- My sober visit was altogether unmemorable but not terrible. Just sort of bland. Needed hot sauce.
From a Vegan perspective: excellent non-greasy falafel and fresh vegetable ingredients.  Fairly authentic Middle-Eastern taste in hummus, etc. (and my mom is Lebanese).  Just have to kick a few self-absorbed students out of your way.
Service could be a little more engaged.
This is good if you don't have time to get to another (better) Middle Eastern place. The meat is very dry, and the falafel leaves much to be desired. I like their mujadarrah - which, to a South Asian, is similar to daal chawal - lentils and rice topped with fried onions - but they usually give you way too much rice and not much lentils.
Their hours suck! They close super early on Saturdays and they're not even open on Sundays.  Business must be good if they can get away with having those kinda hours.  

This place gets crazy packed at lunch.  The seating area inside is very small so most of the people are sitting outside on their patio.  

I've tried their beef kebab and it's pretty decent.  I don't remember it being unusually dry.  Nothing special about their rice, I could've sworn they served rice pilaf.  Their chicken shawerma is really good.  I think it's one of their most popular dishes.  Their special garlic spread is good, but Zankou (down the street) is waAAy better.  

Their staff are as friendly as can be during the lunch rush.  They take the time to make small talk while pushing out 5 other orders.  

The bottom line is they are good, and their customer service is far better than Zankou.  Their hours aren't as flexible and the space is so small and tight that I'd rather take my business to Zankou.
Algiers does both the coffee shop thing and the full restaurant thing.  My party of three came here for dinner and were pleased.  I ordered a cup of coffee ahead of my meal (I know, I know, it was getting a little late in the day for that) and I can attest it is a good-tasting roast.

Between everyone at the table, we ordered the falafel, fattayer (meat), and hamburger.  The hamburger and falafel came with fries; the waitress was nice and honored my friend's request to sub the fries for vegetable couscous on the side.

Pricing can be a little weird: my meat fattayer (which was quite good) was under  $10, but a plate of vegetable couscous would have set you back $11.  A hamburger is also under $10, which is why I was surprised that they agreed to serve it with a side of the pricier couscous.

All our dishes were good; my only suggestions or requests for next time would be 1) not to put my fattayer on top of the already-soaked-in-dressing salad, because it makes the pita soggy (not to mention the vinaigrette-y  taste!) and 2) to reconsider accompanying the falafel with fries.  A fried main course with a side of fries just seems a bit much (and the french fries weren't too good).

The waitress brought out a basket of pita bread for the table along with the main courses, but it was dry and stale.  If that's what they serve with the hommos appetizer, I will be skipping that in the future.
It's cool.
Where else is there two AFTER HOUR competitors right across the street from one another??

This place is good eats when u drink and wanna eat and see some hot habibi's.. take it from me; you won't care if the pizza's cold, or the kabob is uncooked. The talent is pretty hot, and worth the "next morning" eating late regret!!
Shine the hookah, sit us next to the ladies please..
This place was fantastic. if you like Greek or Lebanese food you'll love the food here.  The staff was so cool and friendly.  The prices are not bad. Get the Lamb dumplings in yogurt as an appetizer. Their wine selection is big.
Me and my dining partner decided to check out Zankou Chicken for lunch. Our requirements were simple: Good food at cheap prices. Now the prices aren't McD's, but either is the food. I got the Chicken wrap and she got the Tri Tip wrap. The chicken wrap was good and the chicken was moist. We did ask for some of their garlic sauce to give it a little more flavor.  The tri tip was better because it already had some sauce in it giving it good flavor. The tri tip was also nicely charred and moist. Definitely want to try out their kabobs and quarter chickens the next time in.
I love this little place. Relatively cheap as they have a good lunch special. Their gyro is delicious. Ok, so maybe not "the best" middle eastern food I've ever had, but this definitely hits the spot!
i so desperately want to give holy land another star because the food is consistently good, but the service is just consistently bad. and i feel awful saying that because whenever i'm here it's very busy and the waiters always look so frazzled, but you'd think after like 4 months it would be figured out by now. i guess it's saying something, though, that i still go back even when i know the service is lacking...can't resist those damn falafels.
This place had good falafel in pita wraps, but it's closed now.

The problem for me wasn't that the food wasn't good, it was just too damn expensive.  It's just bread, some fried balls of ground beans, and some salad you stuff in there yourself.  Since hummus is .50 cents, and I'm assuming everyone gets the hummus added on, a price point of $4.00-4.50 for the base falafel in pita would've been a steal.  I enjoyed coming to this place when they had their opening special.

Had I known they sold falafel balls for .40 cents each before they closed, I would've just got a cup of six of those things and drizzled some tahini sauce on em for $2.40

That makes you wonder... if they value each falafel at .40 cents and they give you usually four in the pita, then just the bread and salad stuffing costs more than $4.00?  Tahini sauce was free but hummus is .50 cents.

Also, this place was over-staffed.  Great job providing a work environment for good natured and hard working high-school kids, but I think there was always one too many.

Can't comment on the meat.  Meat is something that I think people aren't as eager to try.  It's expensive, and it's something that has to be done just right.  Plus, they didn't start adding it to the menu until quite awhile after they opened.  

So all-in-all I think it's a big shame that this place closed down.  They had some good food (way better than Maoz imho), but the price point just wasn't there for a new food joint.  Gotta cater to college students ya know?
I doubt what means 'great' to that guy, who took us here. He said it is a wonderful restaraunt which is asian taste like. 
I found it is somewhat Mediterranean, and I couldn't read the name of the food. They came in big amount, so it's kinda cheap. I ordered one with beef and lamb, accompany with 2 side dishes. I think it's ok, not too bad or too great. I think he likes it because it's cheap.
When I read Falafel Expert on his truck I had my doubts. But after taking the first bite out of my hummus sandwich I realized that Rami is a sandwich making god.

everyone did a good job of noting how much of a friendly person he is. He'll talk with you every step of the way and make sure that it's all to your liking. On the sandwich level places like Alyan's are better but you pay for them to be. Rami could crush Maoz any day of the week though. I hand my hummus sandwich on whole wheat pita loaded up with extra baba ganoush, and hot sauce for that extra kick. and at $4 It might have just been one of the most satisfying sandwichs I've ever had. at least for the 5 bites that it took me to devour it.
Delicious and Fresh! I have only ordered the wowshies which is pita dough baked with fillings in the middle and then sliced in half. They are always baked to perfection. I recommend the chicken wowshi for the best value. The burger wowshi is also good but it is a little scarce on the meat. The best part of this experience is the fresh salad/condiment bar where you can stuff your pita/wowshi with a variety of items. So grab your fork, push the meat off the the sides and pack as much deliciousness as you possibly can.
Great jukebox; nice crowd; great veg. appetizers; and ridiculously expensive, yet mediocre, dinners.
So easy on the wallet it makes me happy. A line outside a door often indicates a pretty damn decent place. The inside is rustic, laidback, and borderline dirty. Hearty portion of eggs benedict with homefries that are more than just potatoes.. onions, cucumbers, peppers mushed in between. Only one waitress so bring good company to chat with, relax... it's brunchtime.
I love cheap eats and this place ROCKS!
I  had the felafel sandwich and so did my dining partner. Huge, fresh, authentic tasting felafel, great pita bread and they put on as much or as little of the veggies as you want.
It is also VERY clean. (I always am impressed with sandwich makers wearing plastic gloves)
Great central location on Thayer. 
One caveat: very limited seating at window "bar" but we managed to find seats.
The two stars I'm giving refer primarily to the service. I arrived here at around 10PM on a Friday night with a group of friends. The waitress we had was extremely impatient with our group as we were trying to order. I had ordered two scrambled eggs with toast, which was decent enough. However, she never got ketchup for me even when I asked for it. She also gave us the check when most of us were not even halfway done eating. She seemed to want us to leave as quick as possible, which is not something a coffeeshop should push.
Falafel from the gods, big brown crispy fluffy falafel goodness. Falafel the world over hopes to one day join Zankou's falafel-Valhalla. Oh and all the rest of their crap is pretty good too.
I've have never consumed anything other than beer at the middle east, but it's a great place to attend for shows.  The downstairs venue (which is my favorite out of the 3 levels to watch live music) is pretty small; yet breathable (if that makes any sense).  I always have a good time there, and so will you.
Steak Wowshi with Add Cucumbers Onions and Romaine lettuce drizzle ( Red Sauce & White Sauce at More Cucumbers) 

Great Spot if you don't have to wait. Sometimes there is only 1 Employee :(

-iamSERGE's Special.
I've been here three times now and only on the last visit did they really make me mad. I ordered a burrito with chicken but when I got back to my apartment, I discovered that the burrito had no chicken at all. As far as I'm concerned, Amir owes me $2.50. 

In the past I've tried the beef and chicken sandwiches and the chicken is slightly better in my opinion but they're both just mediocre. The fries can be good if you eat them immediately, as they can get too soggy when doing takeout.
Excellent tasting chicken, little to high in prices for a fast food restaurant that serves food in styrofoam.
Soooo good I had to go back for more. The service was actually pretty good on both visits. I'm unfamiliar with Indian food and the waiter knew exactly what I wanted. Yay for chicken tika masala, butter chicken and garlic nan.
Brookline is a little neighborhood joint tucked around the corner from the Middle East.  Breakfasts are extraordinarily filling, and well worth the affordable price: coffee, huge omelet, toast, and homefries for $6.50 with tax; $1.50 less without coffee, mind you, but who gets a real diner breakfast without coffee?  The homefries were extra homey, where the chef took every vegetable from his home fridge and mixed it in.  Spuds, spinach, green peppers, red peppers, maybe some onions, a few carrots, mushrooms, and a few unidentified chunks made them a full serving of flavors.

The atmosphere at Brookline is itself a mix of everything.  Walls and tables don't match from one side to the other, but you quickly realize that nobody in the place cares--the charm is in having a comfortable meal with friends.  Sunday morning had a quiet energy with every booth conversing about something else.

Bottom line: the quantity of food for the price is impossible to beat in this city, and I would go back again.

Bike parking is available around the corner in front of the Middle East; not much available along the narrow side street in front of the restaurant itself.
This place is thoroughly meh and kind of overpriced. I've gotten lunch here a couple times and tried both the falafel wrap and the greek salad with chicken shawarma. I've had tastier falafel wraps from food trucks at half the price. The shawarma was pretty tasty but the salad was watery and flat.

Everyone I was with remarked that their wraps were on the small side.
(from a musician's standpoint)

The Middle East gets points for all of the great acts they've booked over the years - I've seen a few of my favorite bands here.  It's in a great location and is one of the only truly decent places to catch a good rock/metal show around Boston.   I was quite excited when my band was booked to play a show at the Middle East Downstairs - the place is somewhat legendary, after all.
Sadly, I was quite disappointed with our experience at the venue.   Many of the staff members are exceedingly rude and have pompous, "why are you bothering me" attitudes.  The stage is a decent size, but not all that big for a band with more than a few members.   The drinks were expensive, and we did not get drink or meal tickets  (although, some of my friends played there earlier this year and got meal tickets..so I'm not sure why we didn't...)
The sound was absolutely atrocious.  There were two people working at the sound board, and both seemed like they could have been college interns.  I requested the vocals be turned up as we couldn't hear them very well.  First I asked the guy there, and he pointed across the stage to a female and said, "Ask her, she's in charge."   Mind you, this was about 60 seconds before the start of our set... the band was already set up... people were already screaming in front of the stage waiting for us.   I walked to the girl and repeated my question, and followed her to the sound board.  She looked at it for a few seconds and says, "I have no idea how this is set up, you have to ask him, he did all of this."   
....wtf.   Now it's about 20 seconds to show time.  "Yeah, I just asked him, he said for me to ask YOU!"   If only I knew anything about audio engineering  (this experience made me want to learn..)   all I would have had to do is locate the correct slider and move it up a notch.  Pretty simple request.

So, we played the show to 200+ people....  it went well, or so I thought, until afterwards.  Every person I spoke with afterwards said, "you guys were great... but I could barely hear you singing!" .......  The guitars were also very low and hard to hear in the mix.
*sigh*.

I don't have much desire to ever play here again.  It's really a shame ... I will return to see a decent show (although there haven't been any in awhile now), but if asked to perform here again?  I would say no thanks.  :/
Kishki Halal Shawarma

Excellent Shawarma! If you're craving this delightful Arab cuisine this is the place to go! I get the Sharwarma plate for $10 and it is FULL of rice, chicken and salad. Completely worth the money and quality food. I'm not sure what their hours are but my teacher showed up with Sharwarma at 8 in the morning! Love it, love it!
Parking around the area sucks.

Food's about $8 a plate, and is ok.  As my grandpa would say, "Nothing Special"

Ambiance is boring/little dirty. 

I dunno if there are any other greek places around, but if there isn't then there is a reason to go here :P
The best med food east of the Pacific.  I go there every week and get the mezze - its a piece of heaven. Couple that with a chicken swharma and you've got a kick @ss deal for 2 people.  The best part is thats is all affordabe!

So, eat up!
These jerks short changed me $10 today. I called them on it and they refused to rectify the situation. These people are money grubbing short changing rude jerks who do not deserve your business. I was once a regular customer, but no more (I should mention the guy who short changed me was not the person who usually works the register when I go). Avoid this place at all costs!
my bf made a good call tonite! we were cutting it pretty close to making it to the airport for my flight home. i was hoping for some chinese grub but we needed something quick so the bf suggested we grab something on the way to the lovely bob hope airport. 

BF: "have you been to zankou chicken?"
me: "what? zan what? chicken? what language are you speaking?!"
BF: "do you like chicken...with hummus?"
me: "i like chicken but is it white meat? hummus is good."
BF: "i'm sure you can ask for it. ok let's go to zankou."

we pulled right in front of this joint and i saw the huge sign that read in big letters "CHICKEN, SHAWERMAS, FALAFELS"

me: "uhh hello it's a mediterranean place. why didn't you say that?! i love middle eastern food!" (tummy is very excited and hungry!)
BF: "oh. oops." (smile)

zankou chicken really does serve "the best chicken in town at any price: moist, juicy, and fragrant." we both ordered the 1/4 white chicken plate which includes chicken breast + wing served with hummus, pita bread, tomatoes and garlic sauce (see posted picture). we also tried some salad with tomatoes, lettuce and yogurt sauce. it was pretty good but needed more greens.

our end of the meal conversation...
me: "this place reminds me of a fast food version of goood frickin chicken or GFC in the mission in sf. i'll have to take you there."
BF: "hahaha i like that name GFC. let's go...you have a flight to catch."

that was our marathon meal. not much talking going on tonite. it was all about "eat and run". then again talking can be overrated at times.
This place has amazing food, amazing service, and overall it's my favorite place where I live. The chicken kebab plate is off the hook, and the falafel is great as well. 

Even when it is busy and the line is long they wait is still incredibly short. They know they're popular in the area so they keep the flow moving. 


Pretty much if you don't at least try here, you're a fool!  Enjoy!
My x~husband asked my hand in marrage @ the Zankou in Pasadena.....ring and all.....tho he's now my x~I don't hold it against Zankou...lol.....But I agree with some of you on the chicken sometimes being dry....so what I did the second time that happened to me,I took it to the cashier and let her know the chicken was dry / over cooked,she took it and replaced it with a fresh moist piece.....so if it happen's to you...just let them know the problem~and they will take care of it....at those price's....they should!!!Don't settle for dry chicken! Let them know...
Algiers is a quirkly little coffee house in Harvard Sq...great place to grab a coffee/tea with a friend. My friend introduced me to it as her favorite coffee house, and I can see why--it's a somewhat eclectic atmosphere inside, and it's a place you can go to just drink coffee and read for a bit.

I normally sit upstairs--they've got outdoor seating, you get a nice view of Harvard Sq. They have a really good mint coffee...I get it every time I go to Algiers!
I feel the forum for this place is kinda like a battle field. When I hit the "write a review" button, a proverb I learned in middle school popped up in my head-  "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." Since I'm Angel, I'll just go ahead and do it. Ashen W., I totally respect your decision and and agree with you. But I just take another route- try them out and write a genuine review on them.

The restaurant is spacious and well designed. I like the colors they used (especially it's next to the horribly colored madam mam's- is it pink?!) and the black/white pop art displays on the walls. It's hip but not over the top.  The cashier girl was very friendly and patient. She explained to us how the menu works. She also gave my friend and I great recommendations.

The food was out relatively fast and they were served to our table- even though we ordered up front at the counter. And their nice dinning sets are browine points to the dinning experience. (check out pics!)

I had a Spinach Salad with one tuna skewer ($6.75) and it was amazing. I'd give this combination itself 4 stars. The salad has dried cranberries, house roasted pecans (yummmm!), blue cheese crumbles, and grilled pears. The dressing is sweet tomato vinaigrette and it balances very well with everything in the plate. My tuna skewer was consisted of 3 chunks of seared tuna- pink inside, tender and fresh; 2 pieces of each of the following: brocolli, onion, squash and green bell pepper. It was grilled just right. While the seasoning was flavorful, it was a little bit too salty on the veggies. Basically, I was very happy with the salad- fresh spinach leaves, cranberries, pecans, blue cheese crumbles and grilled pears danced around in my mouth- who can be not happy with this?!!

My friend had Buddha Thai with a pork skewer. Her skewer has two short corn on the cobs, onions, red bell pepper and three chunks of meat. Still, tender and nicely flavored meat. On the veggie side, the onions were too strong and made both of us shed a tear or two. :'( But the jasmine rice that came with it was just terrible. I'm Asian and I know my rice. And I'm not even a picky one. But it was as dried as the rice I accidentally left in the traditional rice cooker overnight. The "sweet" soy sauce that was poured over the rice didn't help that much cuz it was again, too thick and salty. Which was quite a disappointment.

All in all, my friend and I think we'll come back and try some more items on the menu. This place is defintely not for meat lovers even thought it's a skewer place. However, due to its portion, lightness and the various veggies, it's a good place to go for a change when you've had enough from the two-day tex-mex feast.
As a Penn graduate student who lives in Powelton, I was excited when this shop first opened. I've been disappointed by the lack of restaurants in the area and was happy to see falafel, one of my favorites, open only a few blocks from me.

My girlfriend and I went one night back in February. We split the hummus and each ordered a chicken shwarma.

The hummus was lack-luster at best. It was very bland and oily. In fact, the entire meal was tainted by oil and grease. Our shwarmas were equally greasy and sacrificed fat for flavor. I believe the shop owners are from Egypt yet the food was disgusting. I think they were trying to cater to the Drexel student tastebud and missed the boat on what Americans like. Flavor was completely toned back. It was the worst falafel house I've ever been to. We both felt completely sick after the meal, seriously.

I believe the people running the store a nice, I just don't see this place lasting for very long (unless the constant turnover of Drexel students can support it). In addition, the bland interior and flashing neon lights on the outside are as unappetizing as the food.

Quite literally, even if they paid me for the meal, I wouldn't return.
I think that the food gets a solid 4 stars. My friend and I ordered the Vegetarian Platter with falafel (yummy!), hummus (good), tabbouleh (ok), and baba ghanoush (eh, I've had better). Another friend ordered the Lamb Shawerma which she said was really good. 

The people who work here were really nice; they get 5 stars. These are the employees I'm talking about, not the (lady) owner. I give her zero stars to match her zero personality. Jeez, smile once in a while, would ya? Since everyone says how nice the owners are, I'll give them another shot. Bad attitudes are enough to send me elsewhere.
Love this place! The owner is soo nice- he gave me free baklava last time I was in and he always has a friendly disposition. I love that with all the business they get they also remember customers. THe portions are HUGE and the prices are right- AND CLEEEEAAAAN! This had got to be the cleanest place on THayer!
We had originally planned to go elsewhere (that was labeled as good for kids but lacked high chairs).  So we ended up at Zankou.

The experience was great.  The staff was friendly and patient, since it was our first time and we didn't know what or how to order.  There was plenty of room for seating and plenty of high chairs. It was pretty evident that by far most of their business was take out.  But still there were a handful of other dine-in patrons.

The food was good.  We tried a chicken tarna plate and a shawerma plate, mainly because they were faster than doing the kebobs.  There was plenty of hummus to go with the food as well as their pickled veggies, which I didn't particularly care for.  But our preschooler liked the color. :)  

We had a good experience and would consider going back.
When it comes to falafel, I've been spoiled my whole life. Growing up as a strapping Palestinian lad, I've been given some of the finest falafel around, whether it be from my mother or from delicious restaurants that my family has frequented.

So I came to Moody's with a pretty high standard for what "great" falafel should taste like - and came away mildly disappointed. It was very dry and the tahini was nothing to write home about either. But at the same time, the prices are very fair and they give you a fresh product in about a minute. So I can't really be picky here - this is very much a 3.5 star place, but unfortunately I can't round up here. 

I'll go back and hope to upgrade my rating after.
Ahh, Brookline Lunch.

On a nice day, the line is usually out the door, but it moves quick.  And so does the waitress.  One woman waits on the entire restaurant--power walks to one table, drops off menus, power walks to the next table, takes an order, power walks over another tables coffee, goes back to the first table...takes their orders... Cardio pump.

Cheap and filling.  Strong turkish coffee.  So close to MIT that it was perfect for a weekend brunch back in those days.  Cute, kinda scrubby/shabby place.  They always rotate the art from the Out of the Blue Gallery.

Yum.
The Middle East Downstairs is awesome. It's awesome seeing great bands for practically nothing. Also they feature a varied line-up of regulars that are also must-see. If you're in Cambridge or even boston you should definitely go to the Middle East for at least one show if not more.
When cravings are felt a thousand miles away, 5 years after eating here, you know you've got something special within these 4 walls.

We get the Chicken Filafel everytime and it is amazing. The marinated chicken has just the right amount of char on it from the grill. Its always juicy, well seasoned and cooked perfectly.

The toppings are super fresh and the prices are more than reasonable.

So good...and totally worth the hot burps later.
Great little Middle Eastern place!  Very friendly service; the shawarma and falafel were so tasty and flavorful.  Better for carry out, as the place is tiny.  I will be ordering from here a lot.
Yes they maybe a little pricey, but its a nice place to chill with friends and hookah. They do make you spend money when you may not want to.
Love Love Makkah Market :). I love that its right across the street from Jamia Masjid.
You can grab a bite to eat before or after 
Salatul Jumah. They have a food counter
and a eating area, not to mention the bookstore,jilbab store and barber upstairs. 
Love the groccery store with food from across the globe. Just went there today and brought Beef Mortadella for 6.50!!  The only bad comment I have is the lack of space. Its really cramped and when its full people have a tendencey to bang and bump into one another. They close on Fridays during Dhur for Salatul Jumah. I would suggest visiting before Juma cause its a madhouse after the salat.
When one is in the mood to indulge in the delights of the garlic gods, once must visit Zankou Chicken.  

The warm pita bread,  the aromatic Basmati Rice,  the juicy flavorful chicken, and the really really pungent garlic sauce all complete the Zankou experience.  

I enjoyed a Lule Kabob wrap,  a beef shawerma wrap and a chicken tarna wrap,  all covered by warm pita bread and drenched in that delicious garlic sauce.  

Be aware that all Kabobs, whether in a plate or on a wrap will take an extra 10 minutes to prepare.  The small parking lot can accomodate about 10-12 cars.  There is also street parking.
Had a chicken shwarma sandwich, ate about half and gave the rest to my boyfriend who adores this place.  I'm just not much of a Med. food person though.  I was grossed out by the fact the guy making my food touched it all without gloves.  That's a tough one to swallow when you're someone who works in Public Health.
A fan because its in a convenient location and it's cheap. Good baklava. Good service.  Decent food. Nice mellow atmosphere. Good place for a business lunch. Casual dress.
The four stars are for the kabob dishes I normally order. Usually will get the koobideh (ground beef) or the chicken kabobs. The tomato skin will sometimes be burnt, usually won't eat the charred part. Just a personal thing. Prices have gone up a couple of dollars since the recent remodel, but it's still not overpriced. 
When they've got lots of people inside, the service time usually increases. It's sometimes easier to call in and just pick it up later (20-45 minutes sometimes).
My first post!  This place is awesome and I keep going back for more and more.  Out of all the similar restaurants in the city, this is one that keeps calling my name.  The roll-ups are an amazing deal with tender meat, fresh veggies, and great sauces.  This is definitely the hidden jewel of Central Square!
Trust me, this is the best Zankou location.  

The Hollywood location is really skanky, and the other ones don't measure up.  Yes, the staff can be surly, but you're not here for the wonderful service.  It's the food, baby!  Can't get enough of those pickled turnips...

If possible sit where you can stare at the giant Thomas Guide map and plan your next move.  And look longingly at the photos of 1970's Lebanon while you stroll down the freakishly long mirrored hallway that takes you to the parking lot.
This place is awesome! I've been going for four years, and it's only gotten better. 

The service is always friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed and welcoming. I love their chai tea and their fries are AMAZING. I always order the special - the falafel and fries are delicious and a great price!

The unique array of sodas and candies available in the pre-prepared section at the front have also always been super tempting.

This is a great place for both grabbing a quick meal on to go or sitting around to chat, study, or hang out.
This place is effing dericious. Their labne is perfectly creamy, though the hummus is mediocre, but the bread they serve with appetisers is so white and fluffy and delicious. They have an awesome menu of appetisers. As far as entrees go, it's mostly meat... and I've never liked skewers with chunks of meat. I've had their \vegetable lahmacun, and it was effing delicious. I just went last night, and I ordered the night's special: lamb ravioli with yoghurt sauce. At first, I was skeptical- lamb ravioli? At a Turkish restaurant? Curious, I orderd it. It was so good! It was topped with toasty zataar, the perfect topping that tied it all together. 
Another reason I go abck is the atmosphere: it's cosy, small, and decorated with authentic Turkish items here and there. So many restaurants are mood killers, but this Istanbul is just that restaurant with good bread and an energetic, homey atmosphere.
The falafel sandwhich+hummus is great. The salad toppings bar had a small variety of simple items, but it did the job after multiple visits.  I was full before i even got into the hummus and falafel at the bottom.  Use the tahini sauce, too!
I not a huge falafel fan, but after seeing reviews here I gave the falafel here a try. These were actually good, but not good enough to make me a falafel lover. And they were super cheap: less than $2 for half a dozen. Service was a bit slow, but I got freshly cooked falafel so it was well worth it. What won me over, though, was the tabouli salad. It's so darn tootin' good! I've had tabouleh at other places, restaurants and other quick service places, and none compares to the one served here. It's not oily (I've had some REALLY oily tabouleh in the past) and had a nice zing to it. Sooo good. I could eat it everyday gallons at a time if i could.
Interestingly, I had never tried Middle Eastern food until my first year in college. My roommate, who was Arab, first introduced me to shawarmas. I tried the mixed (lamb  + chicken) shawarma roll-up and immediately fell in love with it. Since then, I've been ordering at this place about once or twice per week on average. I usually get the chicken shawarma rice plate. If you want more rice and chicken, ask them to not include any veggies. I prefer chicken over lamb because the lamb sometimes has more fat and is harder to chew on. Each plate comes with a Tahini sauce and a hot sauce, but my favorite is the garlic sauce. It's about 50 cents per serving, tastes amazing, but can be quite heavy on your stomach. I would give this place 5 stars. However, it's pricey (can cost up to 14 dollars per chicken plate after including taxes, delivery fee, and tip) and the service is not that great. Usually they're really busy on the weekend and on multiple occasions, messed up our orders. So overall, I would give this place 4 stars. We usually order for delivery, but I think if you go to the restaurant and order, it will be less expensive and they're less likely to mess up your order.
This place was great!!  I visited on a Thursday evening and it is in a busy part of the city and at 6 pm I got upfront parking!  

The waitress was more than happy to recommend the cold rice pudding...delish!  It was half pudding and half rice...the pudding was really silky!!  Cold and sweet ...just right for a hot afternoon.

The pita that was brought out before the meal was warm and had toasty sesame seed and was served with an olive oil with more sesames and something that looked like satar seasoning.  The bread was phenomenal - warm and pillow-y soft!

Ok you know the ends of a brisket or roast beef that gets all the seasoning and because it is on the end, you get 2 or 3 bites of that...but the catch is you have to be quick becuase another family member will steal it.  So I got the plate with mixed beef and lamb on rice pilaf.  There were SEVERAL well seasoned "ends" in my dish!! AWESOME!!!  The only downside was the pickled red cabbage serving was kid of little and not much yogurt sauce.
Don't expect much in ambience, but simple food prepared well at a good price keeps us going back. Service is always friendly too.
So I had a friend who kept trying to get me to come out to ZuZu(!!!?) and I kept resisting because I associated it with mediocre Middle Eastern food and smelly hipsters.  And making out with smelly hipsters.  And stale Joseph's pita bread in plastic baggies.  

Friday night at ZuZu!!!!!! was a good time though -- the music was good, the crowd was sketchy.  I met a guy with the same birthday as me who also had freckles -- OMG SOULMATES -- wait no, he was 5 years younger than me and half my size.  But he was awesome.  Also awesome was the old asian man who proclaimed his love to me and may have possibly proposed (it was loud in there).  If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it.

I'll be back.
So as a college student, your choices for eating mainly is limited to fast food. At PCC, you get a wide array of choices from Carls Jr. to Tommy's, and obviously this can lead to an unhealthy lifestyle. Not that I'm saying eating Zankou's is the path of not getting heart disease, but it's definitely better than eating the deep fried stuff that is available. The roasted chicken is cooked to a perfect degree of tenderness and moistness that when paired with their awesome pita bread and garlic butter (WHICH IS ADDICTING) can make you forget that you're eating at a "fast-food" place. This is the dish I always get, and have yet been disappointed. Their side dishes, the hummus, lacked a bit flavor in my opinion, and it can be a bit pricey (around $10 a plate) but it's worth a visit. 

The ambiance gives it a fast food feel, but I do want to try the other dishes that are on the menu.
Were I you, I would stay away from the "ultimate omelet" 

Ordered almost out of curiosity, this monstrosity contained the following (at least): peppers, onions, mushrooms, spinach, zucchini, carrots, celery, tomatoes, broccoli, cheese, a strip of bacon, a sausage link and a chicken breast. 

The vegetables were mushy and gross for the most part. The meat was solid. 

But hey, the coffee was good and it was an experience for sure.
4.5 stars. Algiers makes me want to live in Harvard Square. The location alone is fricken adorable: an old house filled with all kinds of nooks and crannies and different table configurations and really cool decorations, the kind of place I could curl up and stay all day. 

The coffee/tea drinks are excellent... I can't get enough of their mint-anything, but even their regular stuff is tasty. I definitely make a point to travel here for the special mint coffee though... the whipped cream is the icing on the cake, mmm.

I wasn't expecting to really like the food here, but the one time I ordered something to eat I was totally surprised at how good it was... fantastically flavored lamb chunks swimming in a pool of to-die-for hummus. Man that was good. Service can be a little slow (we had a hard time just getting some water), but hey, it's worth it (and adds to the whole relaxed-cafe ambiance).
I love hole in the wall joints - they know exactly how to boil down a meal to its core,  ripping it of the frills and pretentiousness that mark so many other restaurants.  There is something remarkably attractive about a place the lives solely on the quality of its food rather than ambiance, location, and scene.  

Burger wowshii is amazing, be liberal with the sauces and dont be afraid to make a little bit of a mess.  Service is friendly and quick.
Passing through Pasadena Yelp helped guide us to the little Mediterranean gem.  They seriously have your food ready before you even order.  The combos come with salad, hummus, rice, pita and garlic sauce.  I ordered the chicken sharma and the chicken kabobs.  The chicken was tasty and not dry and their garlic sauce is amazing. Goes perfect with chicken. I was not disappointed.  Their menu is limited but what they offer is tasty and delicious (and healthy!)
I work nights at UCLA and my coworkers and I were so hungry. It was past midnight and one of my coworker mentioned that this place close at 2am. We walked there during our break and I ordered steak pita and breakfast wowshi. Oh My... it was delicious!!!!!!! My steak pita was gone within 2 minutes. Hahahaha! If we didn't have to go back right away we would've ordered some more. Definitely one of the best! I also like the fact that you can choose your own seasoning, sauces and other goodies like tomato, onions, cheese, etc
If tasty, cheap middle eastern food served with hippy happiness is your thing, you're going to love this.

This is a very chilledl-out hole in the wall place that has much better food than you'd expect from looking at it.

Is it Cedarland from Dearborn?  No.
Is it lebanese food like haji used to make?  No.

"Authentic" is a word that pretentious folks like to throw around to remind you that they've been there and you haven't.  The only way you get "authentic" middle eastern food (ingredients, etc) is to goto the middle east?  Got it?

So, while it may not be authentic, it's tasty.  It's fast.  And you can watch them make it if you sit at the counter.  I'll take that anyday...
Yelp was right again!  I visited Ann Arbor and I looked on Yelp for good food.  Based on the reviews, I tried Jerusalem Garden and it was fantastic!
It's a small restaurant with yellow walls - hard to miss.  When I walked in, I thought it was a take-out place, but there was seating in the back.  The wait staff was very friendly.  I had the lentil soup and falafel with hummus & fattoush.  Both delicious.  The lentil soup might have been the best I've had.  Very creamy with great spices.
This eatery is a place where laughter and happiness go to die.

It felt like a gulag in there.  Granted, we went on an off-time and there was only one other couple eating inside so it was pretty deserted.  The girl and older dude working there didn't crack a smile the whole time and seemed like they were miserable.  I felt like I had to whisper or I'd get yelled at or something.  It was NOT a fun atmosphere.  

We got  the caesar chicken "sandwich" and chicken kebab "sandwich".  I used quotes because they are really wraps, not sandwiches.  The lavash bread they use is straight out of a store... I could see the bag of it on the counter.  That's ok, I guess; just know they don't make it themselves.

It seemed like it took a really long time for our food and like I said, there were only 2 people in front of is.  It is kind of neat that the grill is out in the open and you can see them cooking the food.  If there were a lot of people in the restaurant, I feel like it would take a really long time to get your grub.

Finally our food came (without a word or a smile).  The wraps were long and thin.  My chicken caesar wrap was utterly bland (I guess I should have known better than to order such a boring thing as 'chicken caesar' anything... my bad) and my bf's chicken kebab wrap tasted the same except there was a tasty pickle slice inside that I liked.  The chicken itself was decent, but there wasn't really anything else to give it flavor.  CAVEAT - we did order both our dishes without onions.  Maybe the onions would have saved it?

Both wraps came with a little container of the yogurty sauce - not sure what it's called in Persian food, but it's similar to Greek tzaziki or Turkish cacik.  Now, that sauce was VERY good... I actually took what I had left home.

Our 2 wraps and a can of coke came to $16.  This was pretty pricey to me, considering I could have made a tastier wrap at home, and it wasn't a ton of food.

Do not despair though........ their menu showed weekday specials that sounded a lot better than what we ordered.  My recommendation is just not to get the wraps!! (sandwiches)!!!  Try something else!
My husband and I love Middle Eastern food, but we felt pretty "meh" about this place. The bread was great, but the rest of the food we had was pretty standard, and prices are significantly higher than Aladdin, La Fendee, etc. Our waitress sold us some of the worst white wine I've ever drunk--$5 wine for $26 is a pretty steep bottle markup, especially for a casual place. The mezze platter had some good spreads, but too much real estate was taken up by overcooked green beans and leeks. I had high hopes for the "Turkish pizza" but all I could taste was raw garlic (plus, please don't call something pizza if it does not include cheese). My husband had the mixed grill, which was OK but a pretty small serving for $16. All in all, I don't think we'd go back.
I like going here for a inexpensive quick meal. I order the quarter chicken with a side.  The chicken is seasoned well and there are a lot of sides to choose from. The pita chips they give out are great with hummus.
I was hooked after I had the Chicken Biryani- love it!  Chicken shawarma is also great.  The full size portions are huge.  Even the half size would be enough for a typical entree.  

Nice service.  Great food.
I tried hard to enjoy my dinner, as my spouse my
friends, and I, all enjoy middle-eastern cuisine.

We had consensus - the food was mediocre.  A Grade of C to C+

Portions were too small.

Prices were too high by 50-100%

Service was satisfactory to good.

They no longer serve lunches.

Avoid the dish consisting of Eggplant with Rice and Lentils.

A few pieces of eggplant with mushy white rice and a few lentils mixed in,
with way too much cassia (not even real cinnamon)  Needed mint.

Only a bare dollop of their excellent garlic sauce on the Royal Sampler.

Extremely disappointing was the baba ganoush - a dish WITHOUT
discernible eggplant, that tasted like the hummus. Both were bland
and runny without any garlic / parsley / mint.
Got moussaka. Instead of bechamel, they put american cheese on top...interesting, cheap and not a tasty choice. So much lamb on the menu, it's hard to avoid. Just because it has lamb in it, doesn't mean its Mediterranean. Friend had beef platter. Beef too dry, too well done. For this price, you could get a lot better. Would not recommend
I love this little Palestinian food shack.  First, the staff is great---I'm known around there as "Chicken Shwarma Dharma."  The chicken shwarma sandwich is killer--I have never had as good as this.  You have to like garlic though as it has a garlic yogurt sauce on it.  I'm not a big falafel person, but they make theirs fresh and it's quite good.  Another favorite is the vegetarian grape leaves!  So good.  
I prefer getting take out there as it is quite cramped.  At lunch, be prepared to wait in line.
I'm generally not a fan of westwood cuisine. You pay so much and get such a dinky amount. BUT, bella pita is one of the exceptions, if you know how to take advantage of the self-serve, one-time visit to the salad bar.

I swear, you could get wowshi or pita you want, you just need the semi bowl-like nature of either to take advantage of the salad bar. They dont give you bowls, so you gotta be careful about overflowing your pita/wowshi all over your rock and republic jeans (trust me, hummus is a bitch of a stain). The falafel, steak, or lamb pita are all tasty, as well as any of the wowshis, except for chicken (a little dry in my opinion).

I usually get a wowshi because it comes with two halves, which equals more possibility for stuffing. Here's how to stuff your pita/wowshi into a five-pound mass of food that will leave the cashier staring at you as you leave the store:

1. when you get your pita/wowshi, snag a fork to open it up fully and expose the meat/falafel inside.

2. pump any liquidy stuff you want in it (hummus included). use the fork to mix it around and compact everything down to the bottom. fill up with any greens or solid food you want, then put more hummus in, mix, and compact. The hummus makes all the stuffing stick together, which is CRUCIAL in the next step.

3. Top off your pita/wowshi with more greens and make sure it is more than double the diameter of the pita/wowshi. Now you have like, a salad on top of your pita, and a fork to eat it with. sweet huh? Don't worry about spilling, the stickiness of the hummus will prevent it from doing so. And even if it does, it's not your problem; the glaring cashier will have to clean it up anyway.

4. If you got a wowshi, give this half to a friend to hold while you do the same thing to the other half. if youre a science nerd like most of ucla and have no friends, then that kinda sucks. you gotta put down your just-filled wowshi to fill the other one, which i GUARANTEE will spill.

So find a friend, or grab a hobo from the street, and get the most of your purchase at bella pita. :)
Simply good ass chicken, affordable, great price, quality food and fast service!  I also recommend the pickled beets (free) and their get that garlic sauce!  Hummus is like buttaaaaaaaaaa.....

Damn I miss Zankou....can you come to the Bay Area?
Great service here. Our food came so quickly and it was delicious! It was super crowded but, the wait staff still made the time to check on us frequently. I suggest getting a döner sandwich and humus.
I go here maybe once a week for lunch/dinner. I also get the same thing every time and do not get bored of it-falafel pocket with nothing spicy and no onions. Their falafel is delicious. They're only getting four stars because I've recently noticed a change in the taste/consistency. If you're doing something new, go back! I also recommend their pita chips and just discovered they have curly fries!
After staring at Zuzu (ZuZu!!!) for years, I finally hit it up for Soul-le-lu-jah (Saturday night, soul and R&B dance party) just after moving back to Boston in December, and 'twas glorious. I was skeptical upon entering - it was WAY overcrowded (made Middlesex look like umm, something that's not crowded. A Scott Brown rally in Cambridge?) and cost five smackaroos. Which is really not a lot of smackaroos, it's just me being cheap. 

BUT, once I put my coat down, downed a few cheap Naragansetts and started groovin', my mind was changed. Everyone there seemed that they were just there to DANCE and have fun. Little to no creepy factor. And the mix of people was (similar to what you may find at the Cantab) a genuine mix of ages, races, orientations, etc etc that's sometimes hard to find in Boston and reminded me why I like Central (and am consistently unsure why people seem to rag on it - did I miss something in my pre-21days?).

The moment that I stuffed in my pocket and took with me from my night at Zuzu was the instant the crowd heard the opening notes of the Jackson 5's "I Want You Back" - the energy turned electric, surged through the sea of people and erupted into a giant, happy-ass dance party sing-along. AND they provide pitchers of water and cups at the bar so you don't have to bug your bartender. Talk about rock and roll.
Okay, the Falafel is good.  I mean, this is not the best falafel I have ever had or something to die for- but they are open late for my midnight falafel cravings and the menu is not overpriced.  And they are some damn good falafel.  (side note: i seriously love falafel and take them a little seriously...  just a little.)

Clean enough for the Ave and even open later than the bars- what could be more perfect.  Plus I do like the music they play its a good mix of anything non-english.  Gyros, Falafel, Foule... Hummus- you really cannot go wrong.  All well cooked and delicious, all priced to afford.  They do to go orders in a snap so if you are on you're way home and just wanted to pop in, easy.  

They're friendly enough and honestly watching them work I just really get the impression that they genuinely care about the details.  All around win.
I love Zankou chicken and the mashed garlic sauce as much as everyone else, but I have to downgrade this location for the inexplicable salad tray we got for $40.  Our usual Thai joint was asking $80 for a tray of noodles to feed 20, so S called Zankou and arranged to pick up the Greek salad.  We handed it off to the hostess of our gathering, who asked reasonably enough if the salad was dressed.  Sure, I told her.  Boy, was I embarrassed when the foil came off.  The tray was divided into three sections:  chopped lettuce, sliced red onions, and cut up tomatoes.  No dressing, no feta ... nada.  Forty bucks for cut up veggies.  Never again.
Sunrise Deli has the best falafel that I've tasted hands-down.  My coworker that is from Israel even agrees on this point (in the US at least).  I recommend the falafel with avocado, which gives it a nice twist.  The line can get pretty long at lunch time, but grab it to go and sit on the grass nearby on campus on a nice sunny day.  The balaclava is excellent too and comes in pistachio or walnut form.
I love falafel.  I love chicken shawarma.  And I love them together.  So obviously a place that serves both should pretty much be halfway to heaven for me.

Unfortunately at the Falafel Palace, the path to heaven leads through hell.   The first time I came here was around 7:00 on a weekday evening, and I had fifteen minutes before my bus came through, so I figured it was a perfect place to pop in and get a sandwich for dinner.
After waiting to order, ordering, and waiting, and waiting, and waiting for them to actually MAKE the sandwich (a process that takes my man the Falafel King downtown all of ten seconds), I was treated to the special sight of watching my bus go by out the window.  And then I had to wait some more.  Seriously... any place that takes over ten minutes to make a falafel sandwich has some serious issues.  And twenty?  Ridiculous.

But I figured I'd give them another try, after some late weekend night shenanigans it seemed like the perfect midnight snack before heading home... no bus to catch, what could go wrong?  I tried to get the chicken shawarma... but they were only serving falafel that night.  So I got the falafel sandwich, figuring that they were probably only making one thing so they could do it efficiently.
Wrong.  Another fifteen minute wait for a sandwich that I had to settle for in the first place.

Sorry, Falafel Palace... there is only one Falafel King in this land, and he doesn't hold court in your house.
I used to come here maybe once a week back when I lived close to the UT campus. The Tom's Special is an amazing deal and always left me completely stuffed. I'm actually almost drooling just by thinking about it right now. Mmm.

Service was always really friendly; once I went in and had a conversation about purses for a while with the cool lady at the counter. 

In the front of the restaurant they have a bunch of random candies and olive oils and stuff, which was always fun to browse while I was waiting for my food. They also have art (local? maybe?) on the walls which sometimes is weird, sometimes pretty, sometimes boring. I considered buying a few pieces but my poor college budget always held me back. 

While there are better mediterranean options in Austin, Tom's Tabooley is really high quality considering how close to campus it is, and it's pretty consistently good. :)
Best hummus in Austin. There is this indefinable, smokey taste to Tom's hummus that gives it so much more flavor than other hummus brands I've tasted. I try other brands on occasion and am always regretful. Their tabbouleh is great too. I love tasting the fresh herbs (parsley and mint, I think).
Aside from Mediterranean Cafe, this joint is one of my top choice to eat lunch/dinner at.  Definitely, their GARLIC SAUCE is the BOMB!  You can slather it on anything and it works magic.  I usually get either the 1/2 or 1/4 Chicken (either Dark or White) it comes with a side of Pita & Hummus with plenty of their garlic sauce to compliment my meal.

It's filling yet doesn't make you feel "fat" after finishing your meal.  There are other locations available, but when I'm in the Pasadena area, I always think of coming here to grab some grub.
I have never had a bad meal here!!!  But I will admit the chicken can get just a little dry. But the lamb on the other hand is to die for. And the falafels are to die for! Fresh in the fryer so expect to wait a few min for them, and the fries are done in the same oil so they even have a good taste.
Is it me or did the sign read off....says, falafel with salad bar ...

so, I thought I would get a falafel sandwhich AND a salad bar....no dearie, you get a falafel and get to pile on a few items they have out on the "bar" to stuff it with....no forks and  no explanation...so a little pricey in my opinion ($5.95)

Minimal  fillings and the hummous costs extra.  PLUS:  The pita is a home made and delish. ...the falafel balls were so little that the over frying of them made them chewy and crunchy so that without the softer center (which I love) they really can't be called out as good.   

Service is pretty good. Not a horrible place, but they need to figure some customer service/business details to stay in that forsaken address....
The best. My favorite lunch place on the planet. Keep it simple and get the chicken kebab plate. Don't forget about the garlic sauce when you're eating, it may be the best part
How did I hold out on trying the chicken schwarma for so long? I am seriously kicking myself.  Although the falafel still rocks my world, it's dang hard to resist the chicken here once you start ordering it.  

It's extraordinarily tender -- most definitely the best I've come across in Ann Arbor/Ypsi.  Oh, and as "Chicken Shwarma Dharma" mentions, it helps to enjoy garlic to appreciate this sandwich. And I do. Oh, I do!

Of course, as soon as you get as far out as Dearborn, well... there are some other heavy hitters, but when I'm in A2, J Garden has my heart. 

I usually end up being the beneficiary of takeout here (as in, my fella picking something up for me), but in the summer, it's nice to take advantage of the patio. Ah, summer... seems so far away!
I've been here twice. The first time i came I hadn't even finished my meal and I had the wooorst stomach ache. Didn't feel good for the rest of the day. The second time I came (i wanted to be fair and give it another shot) i wasn't disappointed! Pretty good hummus, pitas were good and so was the falafel. 3 stars because of the first experience.
ZuZu has three personalities. Anything wrong with that? Nope. Not for me. Me neither. No matter which you encounter, you'll be glad you did. The waitresses and bartenders pay attention to you. The tables aren't on top of each other. Local art dons the walls. A jukebox of music like what's on your iPod keeps things rocking. And you're a stones throw from other stops on your night (say, a show next door The Middle East - who owns ZuZus)

Earlier in the evening, sit down for dinner of nicer-than-the-MiddleEast  middle eastern food. I've been pleased with the veggie tagine but often end up ordering a couple of appetizers instead - the spinach dumplings are tasty and the calamari is delicious but packs a massive garlic punch. If you are feeling super brave, get the whipped garlic spread. Just be warned that you will not be kissing anyone after that. One bite and you're doomed (or in heaven, depending on your taste)! The best deal of all is to get the ZuZu pupu platter (I get the veggie one) and split it with a friend. It's way more food than the two of you can eat and ends up being a bargain.

If you've already eaten, meeting up at ZuZu for a drink is a good Central Square choice. They've got a wide selection of "fancy drinks." Their mojito is my drink of choice for the summer. And I'm a sucker for a bar with swivel chairs/stools. Yes, it's the little things in life that count.

Finally, ZuZu after 10 is a DJ spot - varying from soul on Saturdays to   to 80s metal on Wednesdays to you name it and there's a DJ for it. It's crowded. It's a scene. Sometimes it's for me. A real treat though is when they occasionally have live music instead. To see someone like Mark Robinson in a tiny room like this was a great great night.

Come early. Come late. Come often.
i used to work next door to the original location on fair oaks ( by where Pinkberry is now ) & the owner would always stop in to shoot the shit, drop off some of their yummy hummus & fried pita chips, then i realised this was more than just free food for a teenage vegan like myself ! this was healthy & delicious! fast forward to 2007 & i am far from re newing my PETA membership, but i still can tear up their combo platter of grape leaves, taboulli, hummus, olives, pita & baba ghanoush (dont hate me cuz i cant spell!) like i was protesting JLo's clothing line!! i believe their current pasadena location is less of a sit down/full service type joint, but their smooth, velvety hummus still makes me want to ditch the listerine pocket packs cuz i want to savor each & every olive-y bite!
I agree with others about the very friendly proprietors.  Really made our visit special.  Food was first rate, too.  If I lived closer, I'd be there every week.
Been coming here for a few years now. Awesome Persian food.

I always get the Barg or the Kabob. Rice is perfectly cooked and delicious. The meat is Halal, and is also always cooked perfectly. Don't waste your time with getting a cheeseburger or chicken fingers. They have that stuff on the menu, but their best food is traditional Persian. Oh, and the portion size is pretty large, so you could easily split between two people, or take home leftovers.

They are a family business, so sometimes their service is a bit slow. Everyone is very sweet there though, and I've never had a bad experience.

Parking is in the back, or right on Colorado.
I enjoyed the palace very much.  I am pro-pickle in the falafel sandwich, so I was happy they were included.  I ordered 2 sandwiches and the total came in to just under 9 dollars.  This is a great place for cheap and late night eats when in Central.

Minus one star for the lack of space and slightly oblivious counter help.  I called in the 2 falafel sandwiches and one spinach pie, but when I got there the counter help informed me there was no spinach pie to be had.  

I wish they would have told me they didn't have any when I placed the order over the phone.  I totally would have ordered something else instead, but it is a minor gripe considering how tasty the sandwiches were.

I will definitely be back for chicken kabobs.  I am not too keen on the shawarma mystery meat on a spit deal, so I cannot comment on that.  Overall, tasty and recommended!
2 YEARS went by before I finally checked out the Soul night on Saturday nights at Zuzu's. I finally went not knowing what to really expect. 
.
.
.

***{{{{((((MIND EXPLOSION))))}}}}***

I had sooo much fun! The night is called Soul-le-lu-jah and it's one of Zuzu's heavyweight-nights. I've been attending ever since.
What you'll hear? Soul, funk, roots and R&B. 
What you'll do? Go from sex to sweat machine in less than 2 booty-shaking moves. 
What will happen? You'll end up having a FULL ON dance off with a hot-ELEGANTLY-dressed-black man (you are Mexican...if you are so lucky).
What will happen to those around you two? BRAIN ANEURYSMS.
Even if you don't know the music, I assure you: you won't be able to stop those hips from moving. Just remember to show up early: it gets packed and the place is small! I think doors open at 11pm. Yeh...
The place itself is cozy and very nicely decorated with red walls and a whole wall of mirrors. It works. The bar is small and the bartenders are either slow or impossible to talk to, but the drinks are good (specially the G&Ts and their selection of wine).  I've been to other dance nights equally as fun and I've even eaten there (decent).
Another Malena plus: I haven't been kicked out of this one...YET.
The two girls who take the tickets for the downstairs?  Gossiping the entire time, not taking the time to consider the ticket they're taking.  Checked the ticket, checked my I.D. and didnt have the common sense to direct us to the other side of the club.  Causing me to miss the band I paid to hear, instead listening to house techno-music on the other side for a half hour, thinking the band was taking too long to start.  Long hair, gossiping to each other, fire these ladies.  You're not paying them to be brainless.
Good food, very quaint interior... overall a great experience!

  The food at Algiers is really very good!  I was surprised because I thought it would be a coffee house with a few snacks food type items but I have gotten the falafel, the mergouz wrap (lamb sausage), the hummus and an omelet here on various occasions and they have all been good.  The tea is really nice, especially the mint tea (although the weird green food coloring they use is kind of off-putting).  The warm apple cider served with a cinnamon stick is also really good on a cold fall afternoon.  
  The atmosphere is very North African with a lovely sky light on the roof that fill the 2 floors with sunshine.  The service is a bit slow, this is not the kind of place to go for a quick eat, but if you want to savor your cup of tea and enjoy catching up with a friend it is a great choice!
The first time I've been here was based on reccomendations from a co-worker. I pass by this place walking along Gayley all the time, but never walked in. First time, i ordered a burger wowshi. It took a bit long to get it because it's baked to order. Totally worth the wait. They cut it in half for you, so it's like you have two pita meals! I loove the dressing bar. All the hummus, lettuce, and etc you want. They started charging for the fried cauliflowers, but totally worth the extra charge. They are soo good. It's been awhile since I've been back, and need to go visit soon.
my home for 20 years and counting.
food and drinks are good, especially for a dive bar. staff is half awesome and have assholes. 
place is pretty nasty over all but it is a dive bar right?
CBGB's bathrooms were better than these though.
Great bands and a cheap night out make this a staple.
I really want to like Moody's a lot more because everyone I know swears by them... but this place is always hit or miss for me. While the food is always pretty good, I've definitely had better (just not in Boston... yet?). 

Also, the thing about falafel sandwiches is that they're supposed to be fast. Last time I was here, I waited over 30 minutes! Instead of telling me they had just ran out of falafel and had to make more up front, they just kept me waiting. I was seriously getting annoyed (I had a bus to catch, and it was a Sunday night), but all they kept saying was "oh, just 5 more minutes, 5 more minutes." Everyone else coming in after me were getting their food though.

If only they had explained the situation, I wouldn't have gotten so impatient and snapped at the guy when he finally did hand me my order and explained himself. And I missed my bus. Bad times.
Positive: Clean location in University City with large screen TVs to watch sports.

Negative: Below average quality and taste.

Overall: Good place to visit for halal food if you are a college student in the area.  Otherwise look elsewhere. 

Revisit:  Nope
The lentil soup is a-ma-zing. Cashiers can be a little dour at times and when it's busy at the door it can be kind of stressful even just waiting for a table, but mostly this place rocks. Super fast and super delicious--very fresh, great flavors. Perfect for a quick lunch sitting at the counter by the open kitchen. One of my faves in a city that I find woefully lacking restaurant-wise.
Yum!  I had the lamb with rice and salad and hummus.  The lamb was nicely cooked, perhaps a little overdone, but very tasty.  The hummus is delicious, and next time I'll get grape leaves and falafel.  Great prices and nice people.  AND there's a Berryline next door!
I have been eating at this place for about 3 years now. This place never disappoints!! The food is great and service is very quick.
Found this place right when I was hitting the cranky stage of hunger. Love the fact that they bring you a pot of Arabic coffee. Food was a little bland, and service was extremely slow, but since I was on vacation, and I really appreciated the coffee... four stars!
The place was nice, the service was nice, the food tasted nice.

All in all I was glad I went, but was not blown away.  It was a bit pricy for what you get.

I would return, and I was glad I went and checked it out.  I just might not return for a while.
~3.8-4.0 stars if you want to get specific... quick service although nonchalantly rude and pretentious. 

Food is good, but I like Mediterranean Cafe's better. My friends and I got the order of 1/2 roasted chicken and chicken shwarma (both complete with hummus, rice, salad, garlic spread, etc.). Their garlic spread is amazing and so is the hummus. Chicken was tender and shredded just perfectly. Rice was fluffy and flavorful but not overpowering. The aroma was ah-ma-zing and the combination was great :-)

I really like Zankou but I think I prefer Med Cafe, sorry! Plus parking and service is better and quicker, respectively, over at Med Cafe.
Hubby and I were strolling down Thayer street this weekend and when hubby said he was hungry, I knew the perfect place to take him - Eastside Pockets!

I've eaten here a few times before and knew my husband would enjoy their food as much as I do! I love Mediterranean food and try to eat it whenever the opportunity presents itself! I ordered the gyro and chicken plate (I had enough food for dinner too)! Hubby got the falafel and grilled steak plate and ate every bite! He was satisfied and sold on this quaint diner. The only thing that would have made our lunch nicer would have been if we could have sat at one of the outside tables, but they were already happily occupied.

Although we were full, we had to share a piece of homemade baklava as it always reminds me of the Greek neighbors that lived across the street where were I grew up.

Bottom line, if you are near Thayer street and craving hummus, falafel or a tasty gyro, stop by, you won't be disappointed!
Convenient location, good prices, and a large menu makes Falafel Corner a good spot to stop for a bite on the run. I expected the lamb shawarma to be a bit more tender than it was, some of the meat was chewy. That being said, the portion was decent and the service was quick. Can't wait to go back to try the falafel!
So good.  Fresh and tasty, only problem is that I always eat too much.
Quick, hearty, delicious, and cheap! 

I had my first falafel "sandwich" experience at Samir's. When you walk the first things you see in the menu on the wall. There are combo plates(all with pita), "sandwiches", sides, etc. I also noticed a few dessert- unadvertised- on the counter. There are more than a few places to sit, and the interior is decorated in a cozy Ave sort of hole in the wall way. 

The owner was the only one working and was very pleasant. He took my falafel order, with a laugh at my indecision when I walked in, and quickly got to work assembling the meal. It was under $4- if I wanted fries it would have been $6.50. 

My "sandwich" was actually a pita- wrapped burrito style- with fresh! lettuce shreds, tomato, a very light taziki dressing, and about 4+ large falafel balls. The balls were crisp on the outside, but the tasted freshly homemade. They also had a good spice and were quite addicting. 

Fyi's~ 
*$5 is enough to get quite a stomach full of food 
* The sandwiches are wrapped so that the sauce doesn't get all over- eat it like a wrapped burrito 
* They have pop, snapple, juice, and water for purchase 
* The falafel sandwich was really good!
This place is cheap, but it's also good.  Authentic, who knows, but I'll say I'm half middle eastern and get "authentic" food on a regular basis.  To me this is the place to go in A2 for middle eastern food, especially if you like to keep some $$$.  The falafel is, as mentioned below, incredible.  I usually don't even like falafel.
Vertically roasted chicken that might have been a little too dry gets doused with sawce at the Kendall Square grab-and-go.

But in the end, the massive line that snakes around a plain Jane interior culminates to a cafeteria selection of Mediterranean fast food: shawarma, kabobs and falafel, oh my!

For $10 and in under 35 seconds from time of order, you can plow through what Blair H calls "a nap in wrap," a box of everyFries and a can of Coke Zero (aka Diet Coke for Men). Said wrap is heartily filled with chicken, pickles and other salad toppers, then smothered in a creamy, spicy squeeze that will get goopy by the last bite.

When all is said and done, you'll be full, tired and looking to get back to the grind, but within three hours, the craving to return may hit you. Can't explain, not gonna fight it. Nice work, Aceituna.
Ok so fresh out of shogun tattoo the babe and i wanted some cherry on top. Around the corner i see the infamous zankou. So we decided to give it a shot. Very spacious interior, lots of tables. Their were two girls at the counter that seemed to hate their job. They looked miserable. I ordered the tri-tip wrap. I asked the girl if it came with hummus sauce she said no but i can have it that way if i wanted so i said fasho holmes! The babe ordered the chicken wrap. NO hummus in my wrap!!! Dam really is it that hard??? 

I cant stress it enough how retarted it is when they mess up your order when the computer is right in front of them!!! Anyhoot the tri-tip wrap was yummy! Cool i thought since its beef and their known for their chicken so i tried my babes pollo wrap. Wooow disappointed honestly it was super dry and flavorless! Try the tri-tip wrap and ask for juicy chicken otherwise blah
I'm not understanding all these 1-star reviews; it might be because they're not very descriptive.
The food was good home cookin'. Very relax and felt like soul food from the Middle East. I had a simple and filling BBQ chicken and for only 6 dollars it was a fine dish.
And the decor is... comfortable, in a hippy college way. I can see how reviewers can fault this, but I see the charm.

I'll go here again just to prove these reviewers wrong and to get my noms on.
awful experience here yesterday.

No more amazing pancakes! They are now only doing waffles! The food was mediocre at best. They had a band warming up downstairs and it was extremely loud, was unable to enjoy our food.  Our waitress was inattentive, did not know the menu and was not very helpful.  

I won't be coming back to the Middle East, which stinks b/c I have a $30 groupon here! Argh, maybe one more time then.
Went to the Middle East a couple years ago with friends for a drink. It was just okay. Nothing that impressed me. I recently went back to see a show and grab dinner beforehand. I had the most delicious Lentil Soup, a Falafel Sandwich, and Baklava. No complaints about the food. Talked about it for days afterwards. The show was good; up close and personal with performers because it is a small venue. Bathrooms are dingy and they kind of scare me but the food makes up for it. I returned to The Middle East again for an early dinner when a neighboring establishment was closed. Once again, the food was delicious and cheaper than expected because I was unexpectedly charged the lower lunch prices. Only $3.50 for a large Falafel Sandwich! I probably won't jump at the chance to catch another show at The Middle East but I will return for their generous vegetarian/vegan menu options.
This is the closest falafel shop to my place, and you know what? It's just not worth it.

Exhibit A:
It's tiny. Really, it's standing room only. I can't imagine wanting to eat anything inside unless you have nowhere else to go. And with the amount of time it takes to get you your food, there will be no oxygen left in the place by the time you leave.

Exhibit B:
The falafel's just not good. My vote is for Greek Corner II at Harvard Sq. $0.75 more for falafel that actually tastes good and is more than I can usually finish.

I eat seafood but not other meats, so I haven't tried most of the rest of the things Moody's offers. The baklava and cashew fingers are pretty decent, but not worth making a trip for it. Sometimes I'll pop in just for that if I'm waiting for the 83 or 91 buses.

On the other hand, if you're less than sober and needing a bite at 2 a.m., by all means come here. It's cheap, and it's not like your taste buds will be in full working order at that point anyway.
Delicious, friendly, and fast. Couldn't ask for more. The Shawarmas are really lovely. By default they do not include any hot sauce, so you have to request it, if you'd like them spicy (this is probably due to their location and that many diners may be unfamiliar with the food and/or its level of heat).  The regular (un-spicy) version is still lovely...FULL of flavor. The sauce is one of the best I've found in Seattle.  The waiting/lobby area has a fun design and they're always showing Egyptian TV, which is fun. The man behind the counter is friendly and efficient. And one of the joys of this type of food (shawarma, gyros, etc) is how quickly they can be assembled, as the meats have been slowly cooking all day. Just shave off slices of deliciously spiced goodness, mix with the appropriate veggies and sauce, and VOILA! 

They're great about rolling a tight sandwich, so this works as an easy/portable "To Go" food, as well...always a nice touch. (Also, there's a bottled guava juice in the cooler that I've become quite fond of). And being on the North side of 50th, street parking is much easier to find, which means we sometimes stop to get "To go" sandwiches on our way into downtown seattle. WAY better than fast food (duh!!) with real ingredients, yet the speed and price are pretty comparable. They generally have a tray of desserts on the counter, too. We haven't tried them yet, but always look tasty.
My first negative review was "flagged" and removed by Yelp! So here goes again.  The flavors are not spectacular at all. I said this specifically of the homous. I had noted that there was a marked flavor that usually stems from garbanzo beans that come from a can rather than soaking them. Perhaps this was what was flagged, I don't know. I'm barred from mentioning other places by comparison, so I need to just leave my comments restricted to Pita Pita.  The falafel are just not very complex in flavor, meaning the spice mixture, texture, and overall flavor.  I don't know how else to give a review.
It is physically impossible to walk past this place without your mouth watering for some delicious shwarma.  It may be a lack of insulation in that super retro tiny castle on Western Ave, but the smells just waft out to tempt passers by inside.  Plus, they are open late Wed - Weekend until 3am!

This place is definitely wallet friendly and I am a big shwarma fan dating back to some time I spent in the Middle East a few years ago.  Delicious shwarmas were the amazing discovery of that trip and Falafal Palace has the best representation of those flavors I have had in the US.  Plus, today the guy behind the counter suggested hot suace on my chicken shwarma roll-up.... whoa... that was a total game changer for me.  They keep raising the bar!
I don't easily give 5 star reviews, so this is a 4, but I do love it, and I tend to go through withdrawals when I haven't had it for more than a week.
I don't eat much meat, and I love their vegetarian plate. You get 2 pitas, and you can choose 4 sides from their prepared case (falafel is also offered), and I always get tabouleh, lentils, grape leaves with tzatziki, and babaganoush, which I share with my husband who gets the kabobs that come with a side of hummus. The garlic sauce is much better than Zankou's-- a little more mellow, smoother, just more delicious. And there is always a line, but you never wait more than about 2 minutes! They have a system down, believe me. They are so fast that they seem a little peeved if you fumble with your wallet. 
I go so much that they have memorized my order, which is awesome. And, by the way, I always ask for more garlic sauce and you should too!
Don't go here. The food is not bountiful and delicious and very decently priced. You will not get your food immediately with a smile. The garlic sauce is not addictive. The chicken shawarma is not PERFECTLY seasoned, the meat kabob is not tender and flavorful, and you will not have leftovers the next day even after thoroughly stuffing your face. STAY AWAY.

 

If you can't recognize sarcasm text, you don't deserve this oasis of wonderfulness.
The good- 
it is very very very cheap
homefries that have veggies like carrots and broccoli in them

The bad-
always understaffed  and the staff is really curt and unhelpful
NO AC
Pancakes are flavorless
Syrup does not taste even a little like maple (not even the Aunt Jemima stuff)
Rest of the food is pretty eh

In short, if you are hungry and short on your dough, this place will fit the bill but as the saying goes, "you get what you pay for."
Quick delicious Greek food?  Yes please!  

I've been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed.  Whether it's the schwarma, falafel, or chicken kabob, you can't go wrong - and I'm sure everything else on the menu is equally delish.  The employees are pleasant, the food comes out pretty quickly, the place is clean, and there's always space to stay and eat if you so choose.

Why is this not in other major cities?  I think they'd do spectacularly.
this place is great!! 
i usually get either the tri tip skewls or the tri tip.
never tried the chicken yet.
it is soooooooo good.
no.
its delicious.
pita bread and garlic butter ohhh man....
the pickled radish is ok but way tooo much.
the falafel wasn't good, it was dry and oily feeling, i dunno didnt like it at all.
everything else is great.
I love Mediterranean food, and Ali Baba is the place to get some of that good stuff. Their eggplant and potato moussaka is really delicious which also comes with a salad or soup. Although the bill is pretty pricey ($10.95 for a square slab of moussaka), the food really hits the craving spot.
This is my favorite kabob place because it always fullfills my craving.  

Personally I think it tastes better than Daphnes and Zankou.  

I usually get the beef kabob plate with 1 extra pita ($8 total).  The plates are really filling!  Compared to the Zankou beef plate, this option is much more healthier and I am less likely to develop a heartburn.  Plus the plates here have rice pilaf!   It is too bad they don't open late and on Sundays.

Ample parking.
This ish is CASH ONLY... but, they know how to pack a hookah.
Very light on meat and overdone fries.
This is my go to place when visiting Ann Arbor or after taking a great mountain bike ride on the Poto at Pinkney. Sure there are tons of other great spots to dine in A2. I love Jerusalem! The taboulie is my favorite with a mix of carrots and quinoa...so delish. I love sitting at the dining bar to eat and watch while they are making the fallafel. The fallefel and chicken shawarma sandwiches are so delish! The hummus and baba ganoug are both awesome. I usually end a meal with a turkish coffee and baklava. This is a great place to go to, to introduce newbie to middle eastern foods. Tip: try to get the patio seating in warmer weather. I've unfortunately missed out on trying JG's next door neighbor, The Earthen Jar.
Delicious. Fast. Delicious. 

Best testimony: I had a friend visiting from out of town and made sure to take her to all of Seattle's best restaurants. We ended up at Aladdin's on a low key evening and both enjoyed our meals immensely. It wasn't until months later talking to her on the phone did I realize how highly she regarded the meal. Apparently she still raves about this Seattle falafel to all of her friends and said it was the best thing she ate on her trip, despite the fancy foodie places I was dragging her around to! It really is that good.
What more can you ask for? East side is consistent, inexpensive, healthy and delicious. I always order the grape leaves, garden salad, and falafel appetizer. This whole order is less than $15, can be easily split between two people and I usually have some left over for lunch. I have never had more delicious falafel- made to order no less! The kitchen is impeccably clean.
The only way you could find this place slow is if you're smoking crack.  
Considering how it's always quite packed with people no matter when you go, it's amazing I've never waited more than 10 minutes for my food. And 10 minutes really isn't too long to wait for cook, fresh-made food. If it is, you probably need to plan your day a little better.  

Moody's is the closest thing to authentic falafel stands like I used to frequent in Israel and Jordan.  It's very similar.  Small space, but most people take the food out, so I've never had trouble finding a table if I wanted to stay.  Excellent falafel, and my spouse tells me their schwarma is great too.  Wonderful tahini.
Really good chicken! I ordered their chicken tarna wrap and it was delicious, albeit on the pricey side. Like everyone else on yelp, I really loved their garlic spread. So good! My friend ordered the half chicken combo and really liked her food as well. I'll come back try their chicken plate next time!
I looooove this place, their chicken is moist and flavorful, complete the meal with warm pita, armenian pickles and tomatoes...I'm salivating
I've been to Bella Pita twice.

The first time I went, my response was, "Meh." 

The second time, I was drunk and my response was, "OH MY GOD. This food is glorious! It must have been sent down by the heavens to bless my mouth with its legendary hummus-y goodness!!"

...Take that as you will.

I will say, though, that it's somewhat like Garbanzo (Chipotle-style Mediterranean restaurant) except Bella Pita is basically self-serve with a lot less accoutrements. If you ever get the chance to check out Garbanzo, DO SO. You will not regret it.

That being said, I'll probably go back to Bella Pita and it'll most likely be as I'm stumbling my way home from the bars since that appears to be its best moment.
a great place to go at 3 a.m. on a winter's night when it is too cold to realize you just broke your foot at an insane party at the Greek-American Club down the street.


the great taste and great deal make you feel a little better when you are on crutches the next day.


recommended.
Zuzu is one of the best night spots i've found in my 6 years in Boston.  It's right next to the Middle East and it seems to be a good size for a restaurant, but as a night spot it can get packed... and that's not a bad thing!  The best part about Zuzu is Soul-eh-lu-jah, where they have DJs that spin funk & soul music ON VINYL (not on those fake cd turntables that some DJs like to use now).  When i went the place was packed and the music was awesome-- they were playing mostly songs i wouldn't ever discover on my own, not your run of the mill stuff... really original... literally the origin of music today from the 50s 60s & 70s.  So obviously because of this type of music's uniqueness it's a 'hip' scene.  Don't let that scare you; it's not full of annoying hipsters and it's not like Middlesex Lounge after 11 (full of frat boys and meatheads).  It had a totally ecclectic mix of people. 
 
Also,  you have the option to eat there while it's still a restaurant, then stay for the music and dancing once the food stops being served at 10.
Low quality hookah. Feels like leftovers from another table. The coal was complete ash.

I was forced to order a drink, being told I had to if I wanted to sit at a table. I insisted I didn't want anything yet the server was persistent. Asked for water expecting tap but received a water bottle; $2.50.

A friend ordered hot chocolate, which according to him was terrible. Practically creek water with sugar.
Great kabobs, especially beef and chicken. The rice is extremely tasty, their garlic paste is very garlicky, try to not talk too much afterwards
Important:  Moody's Falafel Palace is one palace in the daytime and another entirely different palace in the nighttime.

Daytime (2 stars) - semi-competent grumpy staff who don't make eye contact with you skimping on the shawarma and rolling up scanty, dryfalafel sandwiches.

Nighttime (5 stars) - really nice, friendly fellow (the owner?  manager?) giving you ample amounts of deee-lishus shawarma and freshly fried falafel with a smile.

So come here for dinner, or after the bars, and you will be happy.  Go to Rangzen for lunch instead.
I never really liked this place when I lived in providence but it sure did hit the spot at midnight after a 9 hour cross country flight. They make their falafel into little donuts so they cook all the way through and their lavash is softer and more structurally sound than most.
Very friendly cashier and waiter. Good selection of Mediterranean food on the menu. Very healthy variety of food.
Came in here for a quick dinner. While waiting for my food, I decided to Yelp the place - the 4-5 star reviews sounded promising and wore my patience. I got a chicken gyro with french fries. Shit was good. Kinda slow (because of how busy they were), but overall - good service, good food.
Great- food was as good as any mediterranean restaurant we've been too.  Great soup, grilled chicken, mojaddra...small inside but a great value.  We're picky, went with two small children, all were happy
What happened?! This place used to rock the chicken tarna (don't bother w/ any beef or the god-awful falafels). But, the last two times I've been there the chicken was disgusting! I know they don't use organic free-range chickens, but come on. The meat from my tarna and from hubby's rotisserie plate was powdery in texture and not flavorful. The hummus, which was never great, now tastes and has the texture of  plain toothpaste. I actually spat it out! Even the pickled pink/purple radishes are now a weird color that's looks like they've used a less expensive and toxic dye. And on top of all of that, they're prices keep going up! 

Only giving it one star because I have to!

Yuck!
I ordered lunch from this place and wished I'd Yelped it before hand. I see this place usually  empty at lunch or with 1 or 2 people while other places bustle with Business. Well, there is a reason for that. I always get bad juju from this joint like if the owner's outside and you walk buy to purchase food from Jose B's he's gonna yell at you. Also I always see their "Rules" for ordering and "fees" prominently displayed.  Pretty intimidating. I've I'd read between the lines these would basiacally say, "your experience is not our priority." Far be it for me to say I am an expert on Middle Eastern cuisine, I am not. But I've had some tasty home cooking (like chicken with sour cherries) and so I know there's good stuff there. Well, I can't quite say it's here. I ordered the Kufta special. It came with rice tons of hummus and cigar shaped ground beef patties. Essentially the rice was weird tasting I think It's sprinklped with ground coriander (which I like) but this was pretty vile, and there's a mountain of it. The beef seasonings were decent but the meat was rather , well chewy. like soggy beef jerky, my guess is it's made with dried beef they grind up perhaps?  The hummus was pretty good and the pita was warm and plentiful. I ordered a baklva like cheese dessert. Not Good. The "cheese" and I use the term loosely is a consistency akin to a bar of soap left sitting in bathtub water, sort of gelatinous but waxy and paste-like with a perfumish flavor. The Filo dough around it is limp and soggy. I know they pour syrup on it but fresh filo holds up. Eww. I've had things like gulab jamun,  cheese desserts are not supposed to be like that. I'm sure this dish done right is awesome. I don't like to throw out food but this was pretty inedible and I can't be held responsible for thrusting some vileness upon unsuspecting coworkers. That's $14 badly spent.  

Note to management: just because the portions are ginormous, doesn't mean the food's better. Seriously.
5 stars easy peasy, I didn't even have to think about that one.

Friendly staff, super fast food preparation, extremely good food, and no hassle parking (most of the time).

I've had quite a few things on their menu. Both their lamb and beef are excellent choices. Their pita sandwiches are inexpensive and tasty. Their chicken shawerma is tasty as well but I've not had the chicken kebab here, I'm generally not a fan of dry and flavorless pieces of chicken on a stick, theirs might be good, but why would I care to find out if the Beef and Lamb are so damn good!

I've not ever eaten "for here". They have a few tables inside and a nice little patio outside, but I live less than 5 min away from there so I go pick it up and enjoy it at the comfort of my own home. I always tell my friends to go there if they're ever in Pasadena, it is definitely a little Gem on Lake Av.
I like how comfortable their little shop is.  It's like a cafe/living room.  The  falafel was really salty but besides that, their taboooley was very refreshing!  They also have italian soda with milk, which I haven't seen anywhere else.
This is my favorite Mediterranean place in Austin - it has good food, nice people, is inexpensive and usually pretty quick.
We made a pilgramage.  Lots of tables with people of all color, class. We are the world, eating chicken!  The skin is golden and crisp and the perfect degree of salty.  The meat is juicy.  Comes with a huge pile of toasted pitas and get the eggplant dip. you're guaranteed to have leftovers but you'll wind up with less than you vowed to take home (because it's so delicious).
For the very best chicken schwarma, J Garden has my heart. However, the closer-to-me Sheesh, despite its sheepish name, does a pretty solid job on chicken schwarma and is an all-around great second to JG. 

A giant portion of fatoosh -- enough to fill up two people, for cheap? Yes, please! Hummous and falafel are also quality, and they have warm bread resembling the old La Shish's (RIP, sniff). Mmm, carbs!
Food is whatever here. I ordered the calamari once and got some kind of stew. Menu descriptions needs some tweaking. No trans fat though... says so on sign.

Hmm so what do you do when you are waiting outside after a Middle East upstairs show and the old Tibetan man leaves you guys in the cold to go mingle with the bellydancers at Middle East corner? You go in the middle of those a.k.a Zuzu... first to stay warm.. next to drink a Bud (hey why not?) and finally to clear all four foreign body contorting dancers off the dance floor. Does the sweet bartender come over to take away your beer? Nope. Does the server come over to take away the daisies from the table that you put on your ears as accessories? Hell no. Does the DJ hate your guts for screaming "watch my feet" five billion times? Nah uh... he instead smiles a lot, plays the Cameltoe song and then thanks you for swinging by. 

It was the best end of a Sunday night of my life and yeah I never had a bad time here either. The key here is Spontaneity, use it wisely.
This place is a gem.  If you live in the Albany area and enjoy ethnic cuisine you should really try this restaurant.  Everything my wife and I ordered was fabulous. The waitress was very helpful.  She even steered me away from an entree' (KIBBE SINIYE) which when I had a little bit on the sampler I ordered was very interesting, but I don't recommend it for an entire meal. 
 
To sum things up, Al-Baraki is a step up from your average little Middle Eastern restaurant. The food is great, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the dining room is nice and it is easy to find a place to park.  

I believe you should support your locally owned businesses when they deserve it and this one does.
Don't ever get a chicken wrap-- it's a waste of money. For $2-3 more, you can get a whole plate and make like 4 wraps with the amount of food they give you. 

Actually, just order whatever you want.. Anything will be delicious if you spread a bunch of the garlic sauce on it. Don't leave without asking for EXTRA!!
Soooo good!! Delicious falafel, the line moves surprisingly fast, and I love all of the topping choices! The spinach pie is actually really good and interesting too... It's almost more like a soft flat bread pizza.
Good food, good prices. I love the falafel at Leena's.
I am a fan, yes, yes, I am!!

Initially I was a bit wary of such a place, but I gave in, tried the famous rotisserie chicken, and now I can't stop raving about it. 

The chicken is so good-- tender, juicy, yumminess. And the skin! Wow. I feel absolutely no guilt when eating it. Is it even skin? Mmm. All I taste is crispy, salty, melt in the mouth deliciousness. What's even more amazing is that I stopped eating chicken because the taste and texture of it became unbearable. But this chicken changed my mind. 

The tarna wrap that folks rave about is ok but I probably won't order it again. I asked the cashier if it had thigh meat and she told me no, but I'm pretty sure that the tarna has thigh meat-- lots of it. 

The hummus is tasty ... and sometimes the pickled radishes are good, but it depends on my mood. Love the side of tomatoes and the pita bread, as well as the canned mango juice and the cute packets of Tapatio sauce.
This place gets three stars for having a nice, varied menu and being open till 10pm. Service is also friendly. My first time there, the girl at the register offered to answer any questions I may have about the menu. I usually order the falafel platter or sandwich. Both of which are very yummy and filling. The hummus is off-the-hook creamy and delicious. The pita bread is also nice and warm. The only down side is that the seating arrangement inside is pretty tight and the chairs make a horribly loud and annoying noise when you pull them.
Best gyros that I've tried in Seattle.  You get a ton for what you pay for, and as long as you're not a piggy, there is enough to save for later.  Their tzatziki goes perfectly with the lamb/beef gyro meat, too.  Aladdin's is well worth waiting in line, so be patient
Hmmm.  Judging by recent reviews, the best place to come here is during the dead-slow time in the afternoon.  We were looking for a snack before a show at UCLA and picked this place 'cuz of the low-slung comfy chairs.  Food was not at all bad (we had the mezza platter and the koushery, we were not feeling particularly adventurous, obviously) and the dude serving us was there - nobody else was, so we were treated just fine.  

Perhaps ill-advisedly, we each had two cups of Armenian coffee.  I tellya, we zipped back across campus like sprinters.  No idea how we sat through the two shows without combusting.  My GOD it was yummy! 

I can't say anything about ambience because they had the game blasting from all the speakers and everyone working there was following it closely.  Fair enough when it's slow.  I was going to try again (dude said they were open 'til 4 or 5 some nights, depending) but I'm not so sure now.....
3am 3am 3am 3am 3am 3am 3am 3am 3am
What?

Yeah it was downstairs, past the cranky door-people. I'd be cranky too if I had to take money from people wearing cat ears and thinking they're trendy. Huh? It was an awesome place to see a band, because you could actually see everything. The stage wasn't too high, maintaining the intimacy illusion people like to have with bands. Easy to throw stuff on them too. (the band)

Come again? Oh yeah there were two bars, although the one on the left closed at midnight. PBR/High life tallboys were $3, not too bad. the mixed drinks came in a thimble though. I drank some and asked the bartender to top it off. She poised the squirter (what is that thing called?) and looked at me, and I shook my head. She topped it off with gin, quite kindly, thank you. Thank you for my $6 thimble of cranberry juice. 

What? Yeah I stood up on the left behind the railing, with a good view of Electric Six, and it was good. Yes, they played Gay Bar. 

Speak up. Um, I was next to the speaker. Huh? Yes you fool why else do think I can not understand one single thing you are blabbing on about? I am deaf and my brain is liquefied. I could hear my cochlea disintegrating whilst I fell into a silent slumber. 
-------------------
The upstairs is good too, we've played there and got free food and beer.
A Delicious Steak Pita and Chicken Wowshi TO GO! 

In my Stomach:
- Steak Pita  -- Meat was medium rare -- AKA JUICY! (Delicious) --$6-7
- Chicken Wowshi --kinda like lite version of calzone since it doesn't have too much cheese -- (Tasty!) -$6-7

In my Mind: I like the "all-you-can-stuff" salad bar that includes, salsa, lettuce, cabbage and a variety of sauces. As a veggy lover, I stuffed my pita until it was exploding with lettuce and tomatoes. Then I sprinkled it with some medium spicy sauce and white sauce that really gave it the "kick".  

Notes:
- The place is COMPACT, doesn't have much dining space
- Wowshi comes in two halves (which is nice to SHARE as a snack)
Chicken and fries were way overcooked. Wouldn't go there again.
I love this place. Last summer I went at least once a week. I always get the falafel & hummus pita. It comes with a bag of chips which always confuses me a little bit but I've learned to like the combo. 

My friend forced me go to the Blue Nile one time and swore it was so much better than Olive House, NO WAY. OLIVEHOUSE4E.
Yesireee bob, I am a fan, the iced tea in the summer and the mint tea in the winter, it has all my bases covered.  It's nice after rushing everywhere to come in, sit down, and relaaaaaaaaaax.  If you don't have the mindset that you are coming in to relax then don't bother, the service will probably irritate you.   

I love the tiny roof deck in the summer, and the upstairs for the colder moments, the food is good but the desserts, I do love me some babousa!!!!

I would recommend that if you are just rushing in and out for a coffee hit one of the other places, if you are looking for a place to study or just relax and you have time to chill this is the cafe for you.
I ordered the chicken shawarma, I think, and it was nothing to write home about. My friend bragged about the falafel, and indeed I ended up lusting after his plate the whole night. I'll know better next time. This place is tiny and disorganized. It felt really hectic inside, everyone streaming in and out, ordering, getting their food after a semi-lengthy wait. The ordering process was also confusing; first you order, then instead of paying there, you pay when your food is called. Except everyone's getting the same thing, so it's hard to tell whose order is whose. 

There was a lot of anxiety involved for a falafel joint. And the hot sauce wasn't so much sauce as it was a chunky, ruddy colored paste., more like pate than something you can sprinkle on your dish. It freaked me right out.
Best. Gyro. Ever. 

Also, the Greek fries are awesome. They're smothered in tzatziki and some sort of cheese.
What more can I say about this gem in the heart of the West University district of Houston?  Service is as good as it gets, the staff is friendly, attentive and cheerful, and the food is beyond compare. While I've been here several times, this was the first time my companion has tried food from the Middle East or western Mediterranean/Aegean region. She was clearly impressed with the hummus and warm, pillowy flat bread appetizer, and we both enjoyed thoroughly the Sultan Kebab platter. The patio was airy and bustling with patron and staff, with the distinct ambiance of what a good outdoor cafe should be.  Even the local pigeons are tame and patiently persistent in their wait for a treat. All-in-all, the experience was as I have come to expect -- as near perfection as one can get.
So the food from here is "meh". Not authentic middle eastern food at all (so don't go there expecting that), but it wasn't terrible either. The chicken in my chicken shwarma wrap was tender but it didn't have any of the traditional flavorings I expected (tahini, lemon, sumac, hot sauce), so it was kinda bland. Maybe having a side of their garlic sauce would have kicked it up a notch.

 I ordered food for a group meeting at USC and they were kind enough to deliver even though I don't think they do normally. However, they got our order very wrong - a bunch of chicken shawarma wraps instead of the chicken shawarma PLATES (which is supposed to include hummus, rice, salad and garlic sauce) and chicken salads instead of the greek salads we wanted. They did throw in a few extras for free (turnip pickles and peppers and a tomato/onion salsa) but I was still annoyed that I didn't get any feta on my salad!

Anyways, the owners are very nice and I like having some food diversity in the neighborhood. Plus their prices are very reasonable - nearly all the plates are $10 or less and the wraps are a few bucks less than that. Just make sure they get your order down properly.
Ahh... FIGHT!

I was enjoying a nice dinner combination plate and all a sudden theres a huge fight... (across the other end of the restaurant)... my hooka was broken, my food was spilled all over the place, and we were still suppose to pay for it! What the... no security... no police... nothing came, the owner just gave the tab to everyone and said pay! 

We were like we wernt even involved in anything... he goes "you were here"... Not knowing I'm Egyption such as he is...  I got really MAD! I shut my ears and I dont even remember what came out of my mouth in Egyptian.I just remember it was bad.... 

Oh' well... thats what happens when you eat at places your culture serves. Very BAD service, rude owner! Never will I ever go here again! 

Oh yeah... the meat was rubbery and cold... seemed like someone didnt eat it and they just put it on my plate instead. Also, the hooka was like water... no flavor or taste. MY LUCK!

Last but not least, I called the cops... explained what had happened... who was fighting across the room... (The WhoWhatWhenWhereWhy). After that, I didnt have to pay for my food or the hooka and I left very angry, yet satisfied that I didnt have to pay for anything and others did.

PEOPLE... its called freedom of speach... TALK! YELL, if you have to. Stand up for yourselves. 
Get Justice for what you believe is right!

F-
1 Star
Even though we were practically the only people here and we stayed for only 30 minutes or so (I cannot stay out on a Sunday night anymore), I am giving Middle East a favorable review for two reasons:

1. There is a painting of two crazy-looking cats on the wall.
2. The DJ played Belinda Carlisle
This is a small modest place owned and operated by a proud, pleasant man who takes interest and pride in what he does.  It's better than it should be, but it's a small cafe for coffee, tea, small desserts sandwiches and small plates.

It's nice to go here, but it's a cafe not a restaurant.
Wonderful! I have to echo a lot of what everyone else says: the food is incredible, and service *is* unusually friendly, but I wish they would get rid of the paper plates/cutlery!

Beirut is in a tiny shop on River Street, and this family-run place has done its best trying to pretty the place up with artwork by the owner, but it's definitely a casual meal out as far as atmosphere goes. Everything is excellent -  
  * falafel
  * tabbouleh
  * garlic sauce
  * grape leaves
  * hummus
  * I was especially fond of the eggplant moussaka and moujadara (lentils) for main dishes. 
  * Zaatar and spinach was good - but not quite as good as the above two. 

It's all fresh, flavourful and it feels healthy to me - there's not much oil or grease used in preparation. I liked the desserts very much. I think my favourite is not on the menu - it was a delicious date cookie. It was chewy and just sweet enough from the rich date flavour.

Onto the nitpicks - yes, it would be so much better with Real plates and real knives and forks. Also, a selection of drinks that was not just from the fridge. And get rid of the Liptons tea bag in a styrofoam cup... it's just not cool.

But overall the place is a delight and an incredibly good deal for some wonderful food :-)
I can't help but feel like this place and Samir's across the street have some sort of long standing walk-up window gyro-related feud. Cedars has better selection but I like the falafel better at Samir's.
I finally decided to take my fellow tellers up on the highly recommended International Market & Grill on Sat 11/21.  It did not disappoint.  I ordered the delicious chicken kabob plate.  For $9.99 it's well worth it and plentiful.  I definitely recommend upgrading to the herb flavored basmati rice for $1.00 extra - it kicks up the plain basmati rice that comes with the plate up a few notches.  The flavor is incredible.  I agree with the other reviewers about the yogurt, it's really good, especially with the chicken.  The food is healthy and delicious.  You can't beat that!
Decent Middle Eastern/Meditteranean restaurant located on the drag right off UT Austin. The gyros, falafels , shwarmas etc are ok and this place is fairly popular with students. The food is not the greatest but since this is the only restaurant around campus serving Middle Eastern food I guess you don't have much of a choice.
The wowshis are wowshi but the pitas are a bit of a pita until you figure it out.  Sorry, that was bad..

When you get your steak pita, just take out half of the steak and put it somewhere (I don't know where, just do it... and careful, it's really god damned hot).  Then throw the steak in a little at a time as you fill up your pita with the super-awesome-fun-time ingredients from the bar.
Don't be scared to use the purple pickled cucumbers (those are cucumbers, right?)  They look scary but they compliment the pitas perfectly.

Super mega good time tip: Use the stuff in the bottle labeled "REALLY, REALLY HOT SAUCE".  It's not even remotely hot.  It's just delicious and full of flavor.  Thanks Suren and JB!
I'm giving Moody's three stars for the chicken shawarma plate, one star for the hot sauce and minus one star for the dude wearing the blue tooth behind the counter. 

With that said since moving to NYC I've found that Moody's could learn a thing or two from the cart on Crosby and W. Houston. I've since nicknamed him "the meat artist". 

Regardless if I'm eating at 2am-3am I'm willing to look over much worse, shame on all you 1 and 2 star reviewers.
Love this place!  I love ordering the veggie plate so I can have 3 (or 5) different options.  And there is plenty of food so you can eat the rest for l lunch the next day.  I'm also a huge fan of the schwarma plates and wraps.  Yum!  It gets very busy during typical the typical lunch hours but the line moves quickly.  I don't mind the counter service because the food is so good.
Probably my favorite restaurant ever! 
Great food, great prices, great place, and service too! Plus, the guys at the counter are very friendly and welcoming. 
But the greatest thing about this place after all the previously mentioned greatness.. The food comes out to you unbelievably fast! 
The only thing bad about this place is when I can't decide what meat I want to get because they're all so good! Chicken, lamb, beef... (mouth is watering just thinking about it..)
The plate combo is amazing. It comes with creamy, delicious hummus, rice, pita bread, and a little salad too. The side orders are also good. I really love the tzatziki. It's creamy, flavorful, and i love that it's not watered down like how some other places make theirs.
I crave Moody's Falafel and my favorite the lamb shawarama! 
This place is quick, fresh, cheap, and it's open late night for those walking through Central Sq after a couple of drinks with some cravings! Stop in this little corner whole in the wall is a central square yummy treasure! I am half middle eastern and this is the spot! LOVE LOVE Moody's!
I had a good experience with Olive House. I started with the lentil soup, which had great flavor but was a bit too peppery.  For a side I tried the falafel and it also had good flavor but was a bit too crunchy and the sauce that came with it was gross. The shining star of my meal was Chicken Nihari which was a sweet and spicy broth with chicken served with rice. I ordered pita with it to dip, and it was great. I will be back for that dish!
came here today cause my friend said it was SO good! and it really was!!!!
the shop is super small and only has 3 seats at the booth but honestly..... who needs chairs when your food is this good!
i got the chicken wowshi and WOW. CAN I JUST SAY WOW???? WOWOWOWOWOWOW it was poppin for real!  the chicken wowshi is basically pita bread stuffed with seasoned chicken.  
THEN you go to the salad and condiments bar next to the register and customize your pita! the  guy working there told me i need to put the white sauce and the tahini(something like that) sauce on the chicken then put veggies then put the white sauce and the tahini sauce again on the veggies so everything is distributed! then you put hot sauce on it and BAM. you have JUST created a masterpiece!!!
when you first look at it it doesn't look that filling but TRUST ME, after i finished the first half i was satisfied already.

i can't tell you how much i love this place, you all just need to go try the wowshi yourself and you will say WOW too!

my new have westwood hotspot!!

def bringing all visitors !
Delicious!

I got the vegetarian grape leaves and the portions were generous and so yummy! 

Don't skip dessert, the treats here are worth every calorie.
I discovered Moody's this past summer with a couple of friends. Moody's is my favorite late night food spot, period. The falafels and baba ganoush sandwiches are absolutely delicious, and the hot sauce hits the spot. Service is a bit slow, but totally worth the wait. Anyone I've brought here has had nothing to say but positive things. Oh, and they are open till 3 AM.
I love Bella Pita because they offer an inexpensive, delicious, and hearty meal that is not greasy fast food.  As someone who eats out everyday, you get tired of the same drive-thru and sub sandwich places.  Bella Pita wowshis are quick and cheap, but actually taste like a real, hot meal.

Forget the pitas - you can get any sandwich as a wowshi and it is WELL worth it.  My favorite combo lately has been the lamb wowshi with feta cheese.  My favorite sauces are the white sauce and lemon dressing.  

Overall, I highly recommend Bella Pita wowshis if you are in the neighborhood and looking for a quick meal.  Their sandwiches are well-priced and tasty.  Bonus points since they are open until 2am everyday!
Obviously there's something wrong with me and/or my taste buds 'coz while I absolutely love falafel I was rather disappointed with my sandwich today.  I came here solely after reading the preceding awesome reviews.  Hmmm... 

The people who worked this afternoon couldn't have been nicer.  The lady apologized more then once for our wait - which really wasn't a big deal at all - we could see the crazy line before we were seated.  In fact, we were quite pleased to see the line 'coz it meant people like them.

My falafel ball was moist and yummy (not the best but better then I have had in awhile - I grew up with the best falafel in Toronto!) but the sandwich was very dry and bland!  Where's the tahini!?  It was more like a lettuce sandwich!  Really, I'm not being difficult here.  I was a very hungry camper and I would have been quite happy with just the hummus and pita (not warmed) appetizer... I'm also more used to falafel sandwiches with at least lettuce, tomatoes and onions - they lack the third (my favorite) and the taste of lettuce just kept getting more pronounced every bite :D  Arrgh!  

Yes, I will be open minded and return one more time and update this review.  But until then, I'm afraid it's a mere 2 stars for me for the very nice people who worked this afternoon.
I like the food at this place but I am terrified of the "efficient" (maybe mean??) employees.  Last time I went, I ordered a falafel wrap with baba ghanouj and was handed a warm little roll-up that tasted quite delicious, but lacking something.  A few bites in, I realized that it didn't actually have any falafel in it, and was just baba ghanouj and lettuce and pom. seeds.  My boyfriend, who is part Lebanese, approved of the something animal-product-wrap thing he got..  There were 80 people in line and I was already worried about getting back to work so I just munched on my falafel-less falafel wrap and wondered if I'd be returning to this place-- I think I will.  Maybe not at lunch time.
Of all the horrible middle eastern food I've had in my day, Zankou Chicken is the only one that comes to mind. I ordered the Chicken Kebab plate and the noticeably indifferent--bordering unwelcoming--food cashier informed me I'll have to wait 15 minutes. She wasn't kidding! As I watched several parties come and go, those ordering many minutes after me and leaving well before me, my anticipation heightened. I've heard of this place from several people, and though I used to attend PCC some several years ago, I had never ventured to this place. Now hungry and still waiting, 20 minutes elapsed before I actually got my food and left. 

Let me just say that even if I could give them zero star, they earned the one star by sheer weight alone. The thing weighed a good pound heavier than where I normally get my chicken kebab, which is Sahara's a few miles east. 

The food, however, was horrendous. The chicken, I don't know if it was undercooked (even though the had PLENTY of time to cook it) or rotten, was inedible. The garlic sauce, which came in a pre-packaged container, tasted like garlic-seasoned butter--not tasty let alone an appetite enhancer. Needless to say, I won't be visiting Zankou Chicken... ever.
One of my favorite spots in A2.  Made a point to eat there a few weeks ago during a short trip back to good ol Michigan.  The restaurant itself is small, rushed, and cramped, so I tend to just get carry out.

Had the fattoush, which was crunchy and delicious as always..but this time I also tried their mujaddara (caramelized onion, rice, lentils) for the first time and now I am obsessed!  Theirs had an interesting flavor I haven't picked up on before at other middle eastern joints (maybe it was cinnamon?)  It was super filling and also very cheap.  Also, be sure to grab the small containers of hot sauce!

Anyway, we ate our JG feast on the steps of Angell hall while the sun was setting-it was quite magical.
If you've partied in Westwood you probably know this as a popular late night spot, but let me tell you, I graduated from UCLA 2 years ago and the only thing I come back to Westwood for now is Bella Pita. I do it often and in broad daylight. 

Ask for a little sauce container and mix 1. really hot sauce 2. hummus 3. herbal dressing. My friend and I call this "The Trifecta". 

It sounds weird, but if you're going to make it a meal, try the fried cauliflower. If you're a fry lover, don't mistake this for the healthy option; the cauliflower is better.

I haven't tried any of the meat wowshis since I'm veg, but I have converted mannnny a meat-eating friend to the black bean wowshi. It's flavorful, filling and leaves a lot of room for the toppings, which are the best part.
Love Zankou but they need to be more on top of what they pack in to go orders, They forgot half my order when I called a few minutes later they gave me attitude and made me explain my story over and over. I got so annoyed I hung up with only half my order. They need to understand what an inconvience it is to have to go back and get the rest of your order  (that they failed to pack) and promptly issue a credit, After all I DID PAY FOR IT.
NOT going back.
Sooo fast.  If you work downtown or in the Lake shopping district in Pasadena this is a great place for fast, fresh, delicious food.  It is hard to believe that something that tastes so good and fresh can be so quick.  The prices are very reasonable and you can tell that they don't skimp and use cheap ingredients then cover it up by over spiceasizing everything...only the best here...the lamb is wow!!!  
As for the bad service complaints.  I went so often here during my pregnancy (baby loved lamb wraps) and never had a bad experience. However,  I can see how someone might think that the service is less then desirable...if you are expecting it to be sit down restaurant friendly you can forget it!  They are not here to dote on you and ask about your day or help you with planning your days agenda.  They are there to serve you up quality food as quick as possible so that you can get back to your day and they can get to the next hungry person.  You can go elsewhere and pay extra if you want to be treated like someone cares about you.
I gave it a high rating and good review before, but now I am changing it. The food is now bad :

1. One day they served koyal, which smelled like old dried fish.

2. Another day they served us too salty mixed grill, and no salt in another  kabab that I can not remember right now, at all.

3. The rice used to be better before.

I will miss their good food :(
Let me just put it this way: no other fast food place in Mass does  falafel better.  It is simply true.  Some restaurants are possibly better, Ill admit that much.  Every time Im in central around lunch time I go to Moody's.  No other place is even an option.  That place is a central sq landmark - check it out.  Oh just make sure you take it to go, or eat outside because the inside is tiny and they dont have a/c.
Different bands very night, decent food, fun atmosphere, nice people...what more could you ask for? If you love the music scene you already know about MIddle East....and if you don't...go there tomorrow...its so much FUN!
This place is delicious.  I returned to the restaurant today after 4+ years and it still tasted just as good as I remember it to be.  The hummus and garlic spread are amazing...throw in some tender beef kebabs plus warm, fluffy pita bread and you have loads of mouth-watering deliciousness.
I love this place. Having said that, my experience with shwarmas is fairly limited. I say this because I recently recommended this place to a friend of mine who is Lebanese and he thought it was terrible!

Their menu is quite limited, it's basically chicken shwarma with different condiments in a wrap or as a salad. I always order the full flavoured wrap. It is huge, fresh and delicious. I keep coming back and would recommend this place to anyone. Well......as long as they are not Lebanese.
Fresh ingredients.  Fast service. Delicious! Great prices. I LOVE THIS PLACE! Next time I will ask for vinegar or lemon because the gyro sandwich lacks acidity.
I'm rating the food at the Restaurant.  I must say I was very disappointed with the food.  I ordered a Chicken Shawarma sandwich and it was really unappetizing.  It came out a little cold and just didn't taste like sandwiches I've had from other restaurants.  I'm guessing that their tahini sauce is different from what I'm used too.  I would definitely not recommend taking someone on a date here.  The bathroom was absolutely disgusting!!  I probably will not be dining here again.
Worest resturant I've been to  in my 22 years in the states, who's serves Kebob with beans, my kebeb wasn't cooked red as my Audi it was pre-heated nasty me and my wife didn't eat the food asked for our money back which I've never done. By far the worest place
Place simply rocks! Non-greasy Mediterranean food! Fresh, great chicken and vegetarian selection. I eat here few days a week and never get tired of it. Great shwarma and tabouli!
Rami's has great falafel and sells Arizona Green Tea. I don't know anything else about Rami.
Literally the best and inexpensive MED food in Pasadena. Sorry Zanku! Ha! It can be very addicting for sure. Be warned! Chicken and Lamb are out of this world.
My friend and i were walking around Westwood last week trying to decide which of the restaurants we should eat at....out of the fifty bajillion.. haha
I finally chose Bella Pita because i love Middle Eastern/ Mediterranean foods and this place was DELICIOUS!!!!

They have something called the Wowshi. and it seriously is WOW...shi
The texture of the pita or wowshi is simply amazing. You put in your own "toppings" and sauce(s) from the side bar. This place is underrated. I've known people who attend/attended ucla, and they don't even know about this place. They're seriously missing out.

Thank God i'll be going to UCLA this fall! Imma be coming back to eat her FOR SURE!   can't wait!!!
Keeping it simple, the food is good but not mind blowing but the ambiance and excellent friendly service more than make up for it. 
I would recommend stopping by to study/work and grab their excellent Orange Mint Hot Chocolate. It's delicious!
BH and I decided to have a Mediterranean food exchange - I'd bring Mediterranean Cafe (he had never tried!) and he was going to introduce me to Zankou (I have never tried!).

He got the chicken plate with the chicken meat already stripped off the bone.  The meat was hard, chewy, and dry.  The hummus was better than Med Cafe, and for less money you got a LOT more food . . .but the meat, at least for this plate, lost hands down to Med Cafe. 

They both had garlic sauces - Med Cafe's sauce was very garlicky and pungent (all the better to transform burps in the middle of night to a noxious gas) and Zankou's was a little sour.  But they gave us two huge heaping discs of the stuff.  Med won out due to their spicy sauce - that shit is fire in the mouth!  I saw BH start sweatin' in the middle of the meal.  The sauce seriously burns your mouth and jolts your senses.  It can't possibly compare to Zankou's lame packets of tapatio!

Overall, I'd say Zankou is more worth it in terms of your money quantity wise, but for quality wise, I would go to Mediterranean Cafe.  The meat there is just too damn tasty compared to the jerky strips of meat they call chicken at Zankou!
Good food, they are jsut tight with the garlic sauce.  So now when I order I pay the price for extra garlic sauce at the register instead of trying to ask for it later.  

It helps to pretend to like the older mean lady.  I got 3 extra garlic sauces last time.  "very special for  u, bro"
I'm also leaning more towards a 3.5, but I guess I'll go with a 4.

This place is small, so I'm glad they have a walk-up window for people who want to order and go.

The service was pretty good, but it seemed like the waitress was in the back most of the time. I'm guessing there was something she need to do back there, but it was slightly annoying when I was trying to leave and I had to sit around for a little while before she finally returned to the dining area.

I got the gyro plate. It was half salad and half rice with a few meat slabs on top (topped with what I believe was tzatziki and herbs) and some pocket pita on the side. The salad had a nice dressing (olive oil and herbs?) and plenty of tomatoes, but there was (as usual) more lettuce than I could finish. The rice was fine and the gyro was pretty tasty. The pita was a little dry.

Cost: After tax the gyro plate was about $9.25. I just drank water so that was free. Overall it seemed a little pricey for what I got (and for the U-District). I'll probably eat there again, but I'm not going to be rushing back.
good. cheap. breakfast.

awesome hole-in-the-wall type diner and one of my top go to places for breakfast/brunch... filling portions, very good omelettes and home fries, tasty home-made jams...

service is a bit slow sometimes and lines can get long on weekends, but all in all, a great bang for your buck!
I went to Aladdin's last night. We ordered a falafel and a chicken shawarma. They took 25 minutes to bring us our to-go order on trays for eating in; and another 10 minutes just to put them in a bag. We got home and ate and it was good. Then I spent the entire night getting up to be sick. I will never go back. Ever. Remember, you get what you pay for. You pay for hole in the wall cheap food and you will get sick.
Went back recently to find that they have expanded their menu and added discounted combos when you add on fries or fried cauliflower (which is really good btw). The combo is allowed to even include mexican coca cola.

I still love this place.
The wife is mollified and that is, indeed, a feat. Excellent food that actually uses spice, as opposed to solely fat, to flavor the meal (indeed this is a rarity in Chapel Hill). Portions are large enough to share. Particular kudos goes to the Baba Ghannouj - smokey but not acrid.
We were really really really hungry when we got here for dinner and Algiers did not disappoint. We got a spinach salad type thing and they delivered it to us along with pita bread post haste. I spent an entire day at a seminar, my friend spent the entire day writing a grant application and her boyfriend just rode 8 miles on a bike. None of us really ate lunch. So we went all nom nom nom nom nom nom and there was still salad left so we nom nom nom some more and oh my god more salad nom nom nom okay finally that was delicious.

And then our entrees arrived.

I had a giant plate of lamb and cous cous. It was amazing. Possibly the best cous cous I've had (not that I've had many from real Middle Eastern places; also, I was real hungry). My friends' sandwiches and kabobs looked good too! We were definitely very, very happy with our meal. The service was great; we were sitting on the top floor but our waitress was definitely around to refill water and stuff pretty often.

The atmosphere is wonderful. It feels like a real Turkish-ish coffee house. Not that I've been to one; I've only seen them in a documentary in a museum exhibit on the history of coffee. So I guess my standards are pretty low. But! The ambiance was still fantastic.

So yeah, great place.
If you're ever on 38th between Walnut and Spruce, you can't miss this van painted in hues of pink, yellow, and green. Unknowingly from the outside, a whole bonafide Middle Eastern kitchen is housed within this sixties-esque food truck.

Hanan's an allright place for a snack, but not so great for a meal. Their falafel sandwiches with feta, hummus, baba ghanoush, etc. are always made fresh, but never truly fill you up, unless you get two. Chicken sandwiches are also pretty good here. The platters are also made on the spot, but I always feel that they mainly consist of rice & veggies while lacking in kebab. But, perhaps, I'm simply a glutton used to the giant portions of our modern-day restaurants.

A good place though for vegetarian eaters because they have a very wide range of options. It's inexpensive and orders are almost always filled within 10 minutes of ordering.
Rami is a wonderful man, and a mainstay on the Penn campus.  As he hands you your food after paying, his famous words are: "Have a beautiful day!"  How can that NOT make you smile?

For Middle Eastern food from a lunch truck, it's pretty damn good.  As mentioned before, the falafel isn't the best (travel 5 blocks down on Walnut if you're looking for falafel greatness), but the vegetarian platter, I think it was, was lovely.  Filled with excellent baba ganoush, hummus, tabouleh, salad, and pita, it's plenty to fill you right up.
from the weekend visitor's perspective, college park seems to be a bit of a food wasteland, definitely pleasantly surprised to A. find the mosaic cafe and B. discover that it seriously rocks. the falafel was delicious, the homemade pita amazing, and the baba ghanoush super yum. the menu's extensive, and they have a large tea list, as well (major points in my book.) our waiter was very patient and very kind.
 hidden in the corner of a strip mall, the mosaic cafe isn't easy to see from the road, but definitely worth pulling into a random parking lot to find. yum x 100.
This is my kind of food, but this was not my kind of restaurant. I have eaten there two or three times in the last couple of weeks, and each time confirms what I don't like: the service and the food. The last time I went, my friend and I really only wanted to sit down during the work day, have tea and talk for a short time. We ordered tea and some pastry and sides (only becuse we felt badly just ordering tea). However, the tea took a very very very long time to arrive. In fact, we went back to the cashier several times to ask for it until finally they realized no one boiled the water for it. Then, once we got the tea, we had to wait again for the milk. By time that arrived, the tea was gone. The pastry was mediocre, and the sides were too dry.  Do not get falafel there.  It is much better at several other places nearby.  The grape leaves similarly are not the best you can find in University or Center city.  I'd go again but only if I was already in the area and desperate for something they offer.
Brilliant - huge tasty gyro packed with fresh veggies, lamb, beef and a curry-esque tzatsiki.  The Greek fries were perfect with feta and seasoning.  What a slice of heaven - I'll be back soon.
Even as a loyal frequenter of Bella Pita, I have to say that this place really was the perfect place for my falafel fix. While you don't get the unlimited refill self-serve option from the salad bar (they fill it for you), even the normal falafel pita that I ordered was more than enough for dinner. The fried eggplant chips are an amazing topper that you get regardless, and the pita turned out to be so full of deep-fried goodness that I could barely finish. A great place to go if you're looking for a one-stop, one-shop kind of falafel meal!
BEEF KABOBS! Wow, yummy.  Tender and surprisingly, pink in the center.  I am lovin' it.
With as much time as I spend at the University, I don't eat much on the Ave.  I was there picking up some graded finals and wanted something to eat.  My littlest chose Samir's Mediterranean Grill.  As much as I'd want to think it was because he loves hummus as much as his Dad, I think the proximity to the Haagen Dazs Shoppe was what really drew him in.

The food is pretty cheap and good sized!  We got two sandwiches (a falafel and a gyro) and a hummus appetizer and we were both full after eating.  The can sodas are a little more expensive than elsewhere, though.

There is a walk up window and sit down tables inside, which appear to have table service, even.  I can imagine that the lines can get long at lunch time when school is in session.

Samir was talking it up with every one!  The guy who stopped at the window got a long chat, we got a long chat, but the service never seemed slow.  In fact, he even gave my 6 year old a reminder to keep the bottom of the sandwich wrapper closed tight so the  yummy tahini sauce didn't drip out and make a mess!

Samir's is fast, cheap and good.  If I'm in need of food on the Ave, Samir's rates high in my book.
Boston doesn't have an abundance of late-night food establishments, so the Falafel Palace in Cambridge gets 5 stars from me simply for being open (the fact that its tasty, honest, and trustworthy are also good attributes).

Other reviewers are right: this place is at its best after a night of moderate to heavy drinking. It's cheap, quick, and far better than pizza for a 2AM snack. 

Still not convinced? Hit up a live show at the Middle East, then wash it all down with a $5 shwarma before hitting the hay. The Palace will feel like Heaven.
Whenever I'm at work, my supervisors would always bring food back from Med Cafe and they are always raving about how good it is.  So one day, I decided to try it with my boyfriend and boy were were BLOWN AWAY.  I immediately began to understand why they ate here so much.  This is the BEST Mediterranean restaurant in town.  I especially loved their rice and sauce.  Their salad is really good too!  The only bad thing is that it is a little pricey for the amount of food you get.  

All in all, a MUST try in the Pasadena area.
Great for a quick lunch! Eat in or take it out to the large seating and shaded area in front of the building. 

Large selection of vegetarian option and good Kabob too! 

The price is right, service was fast and the food good.
This is almost like the book "Like Water for Chocolate," however instead of Tita's tears in a wedding cake and making everybody cry involuntarily, its Samir's smiles in a gyro that makes everybody spontaneously happy.  

What sets this place apart from other gyro sandwich stores on the Ave is that Samir adds a secret ingredient to his food.  It's... JOY.  I always come out of this restaurant smiling because Samir has this positive energy about him that just uplifts your spirit (but of course the food helps a lot too cause I can be crabby when I'm hungry...)  

I highly recommend the Gyro Sandwich or the Shawarma Sandwich if you're grabbing it on the go, but if you have time to stick around then order the Baba Ghanoush or perhaps even upgrade your sandwich to a platter.   Everything is good here especially since Samir will tailor your food to your liking by asking if you like onions, spices, and etc.  Since he makes it front of you, it is guaranteed your food will always be piping hot.  Samir takes very good care of you here and he makes sure that you are completely satisfied with your meal... he wouldn't have it otherwise.    

You can get a nice sandwich, a nice conversation with Samir, and a high dose of joy all for less than $5... hence why I keep coming back.   

P.S. He has the best shirt EVER.
This place has decent food for the price.  The hummus is great - once you get used to proper hummus, you can't go back to regular store bought.  The salads are fresh, the tabouli is full of parsely and tasty, and the chicken is full of flavor.  Try their fries and dip them a little in the tzaziki.

The employees are cool- very down to earth.  I have never had a problem with having to wait, although that may be because I realise it's real food, not McDonalds.  I've never had a bad meal there.  My only complaint is that the kibbeh have gone downhill a bit since they started leaving out the pine nuts.
Food here is awesome. i love it and I am glad that I didn't just walk past this little treasure. From the outside, it may look iffy, but wow...food is amzing. It will get crowded here, but the food is worth the crowded-ness. Though parking may be a pain, since it is PASADENA, be patient. Just think about the food you will have in a few minutes. haha The savory flavors of Zankou Chicken. haha now I sound like i'm advertising for them. Anyway, give them a chance and EAT lots!
Pretty great.  It's like a Middle Eastern wrap assembly line.  I recommend the chicken, it's amazingly tasty and juicy.  Kafta is a close second.

Don't be confused, they call wraps "kabobs".  First time I was there, I expected meat on a stick or something.

I love that they choose prices that work out to even dollars after tax.  I respect an optimized purchasing process.
What a great place for some gyros!  My boyfriend got the gyro and I got the gyro platter with hummus.  The lamb meat was seasoned very well and it went perfectly with the hummus and the tahini oil.  Bliss!  The pita was fresh as well.

The place is cash only.  Be expected to wait around 10-20 minutes for your food, depending on how many people ordered in front of you, since it looks like it's just one guy taking orders and cooking the food.  Also, the interior is kinda grungy, so I wouldn't take anyone here for a romantic date, but some quick eats, definitely.
Update 6/06/08

I tried calling in an order and the gal said they don't take phone orders. Gah! Bastards. But it's cool. 

I got back at them by stealing 20 Tapatio packets. ;D


Update 4/19/08

It's just not as good as it used to be and now it costs even more. Their bags of pita used to be $0.50/bag now it's doubled to $1.00/bag. I hardly go because it's just not as good a deal as it used to be, regardless of the fond memories.

*************************************************

i prefer the tarna plate whenever i go.  it comes with tomatos and salad.  the shawerma plate only comes with red onions. hence - eh.

i think they upped the price here too, but that's understandable.  i remember when it was a Cash Only biz and it barely cost 7 clams for a plate.  if i'm in a piggish mood i can finish the whole thing, but  for most or normal eaters it's easily 2 meals.  don't get me wrong when i say "normal eaters" i'm not being condescending watsoever.....*smirk*

p.s. when you order the plates, you can tell the cashier you'd like an extra piece of pita and it comes free of charge all nice and toasty like the others.  but even a whole bag of the pita is only 50 cents last i checked.
went here today for lunch...falafel wrap with salad & tzatziki dressing. Sooooo good!
Can't wait to get back here!
I got hungry and wanted something quick to grab. I looked at all the good reviews, picked up the phone to order, and went to pick it up right away.

I ordered Beef Kabob sandwich with extra Flafel patty. It hit the sweet spot of my taste bud and happiness. I wish i have more time to check out different items in the menu.

Currently there's a construction right in front of it, to a visitor to Ann Arbor like me can have little hard time looking for it but it was definitely worth the hassle and extra search.
I went in here the other day, and I got to speak to the manager. He was pretty friendly and helpful in explaining the menu to me. I went for the cheesesteak combo, and it was pretty good although nothing too special. The fries were nicely seasoned though. 

Gonna have to come in here for the gyros sometime, they looked good. They also deliver during lunchtime if you don't have class during 11-2.
I love this place's lamb shawarma roll-up. Literally, the best shawarma I've had anywhere in Boston. It's something in their sauce. They recently raised their prices within the past few months, but it's still worth it. They're one of the few places open until 3am on weekends, which makes it all the better (esp. for late night munchies).

They would've received five stars if they were faster about delivery. Every time my friends and I called during college (we only lived a 5-minute drive, 15-minute walk away), they took 45 minutes to deliver our food. Also note that they only take delivery orders above $15.
Got the chicken shawerma sandwich. The chicken ok, nothing special. Came with a bag of potato chips. Pretty dry meal. Should add some lettuce to the wrap or some veggies.
I've been coming to Algiers for over 25 years - since before they were in this location and in a small, cramped spot nearby. So, my five star rating is in part sentimental. This has been one of my favorite coffee houses of all time, even though my sense of nostalgia may, to be honest, be coloring this view.

Anyway, Algiers has great Arabic coffee - which is an extremely rare find. They also have cool sweets, like tasty cookies with date filling.  The baklava is rather mediocre, to be honest and, yes, the service can be nonexistent at times, but this is still one of the coolest places to hang out. It's in the middle of Harvard Square, so the conversations you overhear can be anything from discussions of art criticism, to religious history, to artificial intelligence.  

For something really unique, give it a try!
Holy eff... this place is so shady. When Gypsy is packed I go here. Wait let me fix that. When Gypsy used to be packed when I was under 21 I would come to Gypsy. Now I'd rather not smoke hookah and just get a beer.

Every time I come here I get sodomized by the bill. I don't know if they think I'm high or drunk or whatever, Habibi always tries to charge me extra. And not like a few bucks. I once got overcharged $75. This place is so shady. I came to a point where I leave how much I owe at this place and just peace out.

Shisha is not good here. DO NOT try the cognac. Also they'll say that you're a VIP member, but trust me, even with the VIP card, it means nothing after the bill comes. 

Side note: they'll also try to offer you "black magic" which is supposedly keef weed, but don't order it. I have reason to believe that it's actually something a little more sinister. 

Come here if you want to be asked by a rich older man to be their "thursday night" girl, get cheated on a bill, and smoke bad hookah.
I try not to review a place before going at least twice, but Moody's was too bad to go back. I went midday and got a kebab sandwich. It's cheap, and there's a reason. The place is dark and nasty inside and I waited nearly half an hour for one lousy kebab.

When I peeled the foil back from the sandwich, the thing fell apart. The meat inside was cold, probably from sitting so long while I waited, and the watery tzatziki dripped out everywhere. The overwhelming flavor was of pickles and pungent raw onions. I could only eat half the sandwich, then realized I needed to change because my clothes stank from the experience, like at the college dining hall.

Night and day from the Boston Kebab House. I probably made the mistake of going sober. The whole thing left me feeling dirty and indecent.
Feels a little dirty but I keep coming back! The food is really great and the price is right for a poor college student :-)

Seriously, you can't beat the falafel. It's legit!
This place is VERY popular.  That being said, the interior is quite small and cramped.  They really don't have anywhere to expand to being in this location.  So be warned if you are claustrophobic.
The food is pretty good - I had the hummus salad and it was all pretty fresh.  It even comes with a warm pita (White or whole wheat).
I'd recommend trying it - Would be best on a warm day (I think they have outdoor seating which would help the crowding situation)
The Middle East club is the best place in Boston to hear new music. Grab a great meal at Zuzu before you go listen to one of the hot up and coming groups before they get too big so you can't afford a ticket. You can dance, drink, eat, and all around have a good time. A great singles scene as well.
A little pricey, but this place always seems to hit the spot when I'm having a gyro craving. Although it has a great vibe, the service is so-so and it takes awhile to get the food -- definitely worth the wait though.
The best Mediterranean Armenian takeout food! Their rotisserie chicken is moist, crispy, perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection! 

You can taste the extra care in their food....all their meats, salads, sauces, etc. are seasoned better than anywhere else. As for the garlic sauce/paste they give you, it is serious garlic, and be careful how much you use - I love their garlic sauce/paste and its easy to overdue it. 

If you have not been there, I recommend you study the menu on the web site and be ready to order when you get to the cash register. The service is efficient and fast! 

Also the parking in the back is awful if you go at the lunch or dinner hours.  So I do recommend parking in front and on the same side of the street as the restaurant.
I thought the food was ordinary - not awful or great.  A little on the bland side.  They were out of a lot of items although I went in during the early afternoon (not sure if they were out for the day or out of back stock items).  The food was really cheap and the guy behind the counter was nice, although he gave me the wrong change.

Seems to be better for pick up/take out.  The downstairs eating area is very small, and it's impossible not to hear the conversations of the people sitting next to you as they're just a few feet away.
Friend and I decided to drop in on this place for lunch after wandering around Westwood and discovering that there weren't alot of choices besides pizza and cheesesteak. Guess that's what UCLA students live on.

We both decided on shawerma sandwiches. When the guy was putting them together, they didn't seem that big, but they were pretty huge after we got a good look at them. Everything was pretty tasty but I was confused by the chips that they give you with it. Potato slices dipped in batter? they just taste like deep fry. The hummus also had a peanut butter-ish-ness that I didn't really care for.

It does the job if you're craving a pita sandwich but I don't think I would actively seek it out again.
i like it
This shick is on point!

I ordered the super falafel sandwich, which comes with a lavish bread wrap, falafel, hummus, potato, eggplant jaunt, tahiti sauce, lettuce, and tomato. I highly recommend it!

This falafel is the best falafel in Berkeley, as far as I am concerned. My life is dedicated to the pursuit of the world's best falafel, and this place is in my top seven! The best falafel is located in New York City for all of you "falaphiles."

The super falafel sandwich costs 7 dollars and 6 cents.
This place sucks. 

Pros:
-- Fast service
-- VERY clean, very professional decor (in stark contrast to Falafel Corner, but maybe that's because no one ever goes here)
-- Wide range of food
-- CHEAP

Cons:
-- Bread could be better quality (was cracking!)
-- Falafel was too crunchy at times
-- Tahini and hummus tasted SO BLAND
-- Hot sauce was not nearly as good as Falafel Corner, tasted like buffalo sauce
I like this place (despite its flaws), and I eat there a few times a year. The sandwiches almost never disappoint - I am particularly fond of the kafta - and I always take some ayran with them. It's reasonably priced.

There are a few downsides. The small restaurant (3-4 tables) is sometimes hot and stuffy during the summer. The plastic tablecloths are not always cleaned after the previous customer. And the people working there don't smile too much. 

It would also be nice to have a few tables outside too.
The food's OK. Nothing amazing but OK. The baked hummus was good. I ordered the cheese plate, though, and I didn't receive the advertised goat cheese. Also, it's overpriced. I agree with the previous reviewer who said just go to Med Deli. You will seriously save at least 50%. 

Be warned: At night during special events it turns into a meat market. If you don't like being hit on by creepy people, stay out.
I LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! I have tried other Mediterranean food and none of them beat this restaurant. Their Chicken Kebab plate is so yummy and full filling. Chicken is not dry and its season well, the rice is very moist and the humus is very good. The dressing that they put on their side salads is so good and how could I forget the pita bread with the garlic spread! OMG it's the best Food I have ever tried. Best part is the price is very affordable.
You know what, I don't care that this place is a chain, it's amazing! This is why all the locations i've been to (pasadena, glendale, burbank, montebello) are always packed! My absolute favorite dish here is the CHICKEN TARNA PLATE. It comes with a mountain of marinated chicken, fresh diced tomatoes and lettuce, hummus, tahini, pickled radishes/chillis, garlic sauce, and pita bread. The price is cheap considering the portion size they give you and the quality of the food. 

Note: You WILL smell of garlic...but it's totally worth it! :)
Probably one of the worst meals I've had in Boston. We have (unfortunately) eaten here several times because my boyfriend would get a discount when playing shows there, but the food isn't even worth the discounted price. And the service is essentially non-existent.
I had the falafel wrap and kufta kebab entree. Great flavors, although the wrap was a little too heavy on the tahini. The rice that accompanies the entrees was superb and a perfect compliment to the kebab. 

Definitely heading here again to try more. :)
Now this place really is bollocks.

Here's my sob story saga:

A few months ago, I was having major gyro cravings so I picked up a gyro from Cedars from their fun little pick-up window.  I had to walk a long way across campus to my office.  Silly me, I trusted the flimsy paper bag the gyro was in, which I carried in my hand during my long walk...until I got to about 100 feet from my building and the bag broke right in front of Thomson Hall and gyro went everywhere and I was mortified because a lot of people saw what happened and blasted crows started descending upon the carnage and for one split second I thought about salvaging what I could, apply the 5 second rule,  pick up the carnage off the ground and carry it to my office and eat the remains.  But I didn't.  And I almost starting tearing up when I threw the remains in the garbage because I was intensely hungry and I really wanted that gyro but I didn't want to walk all the way back to get a new one.  Bollocks.

So a few weeks later, I picked up a gyro at Cedars from the cute little window and safely carried it in my backpack, got to my office, started eating...and was totally disgusted with it.  The meat was undercooked and I had to throw it away.  Bollocks.

I should have learned my lesson right?  Wrong.  Well a couple days ago, after months of avoiding Cedars, my friend and I decided to go and do sit-down service in the tiny restaurant during the lunch rush just to try something new (because we go to Aladdin Gyro-cery a lot b/c that place is GOOD).  We ordered the big ass special platter that had 3 kinds of meat, veggies, rice, pita, and hummus.  My friend asked the 13 year old flat-affect waitress if we could replace some of the meat with lamb and she literally said "no, i don't think you can."  and then my friend asked her if she could ask the cook and she responded "i can ask him but i don't think he can do it."  hello?!  don't argue with the customers.  so that set the tone for a most unfortunate experience.  We waited half and hour for our food, which i didn't think was very good, and we got the worst service I think I've ever gotten at a restaurant.  Ever.  We didn't get the lamb and we suspect that the 13 year old waitress never asked the cook about our request.  And when people would call out to her she would say "huh?!" instead of something more polite like "yes, can I help you?"  I don't care if it was lunch rush and Cedars is a laid-back casual retaurant and you are a 13 year old waitress.  You need to know basic manners and customer service!

I'm sticking with Aladdin in the U-District, believe you me!
I am really in love, and that's no joke.  

Picture this: It's like 1 AM, you are drunk, maybe with some friends, calling it a night and you need food.  Not something that is going to make you sick, vomit, or just plain nasty.  You want something that will help you go to sleep, right?

I bring to you "Bella Pita" and OH EM GEE, this place is the frikken BOMB!  You walk by and think, "Oh, a little hole in the wall pita joint.", right?  Yeah, you just failed.  This is some legit, cheap, and fast pita and it's the shiz while you are replacing the z with a t.  I am not even lying.  Test me?  Yeah go get plastered and come here after... then buy me my first round when we meet at an Elite Event.  That or come sober and just thank me when you get a chance.

This pita place is BOMB (and I know I already wrote that)!  Part of what makes it so cool is that they have multiple "homemade" sauces for your pita or fries or whatever you order.  From your basic oils to a full blown "secret white sauce" that is made from egg whites and some other stuff that just taste like pure smex in your mouth.  Super hot red sauce and of course "fancy sauce" [ie: Step Brothers plug].  

Fresh fixings on the side just the way you like it.  They cook it up and hand you a pita with your meat inside.  You now do it up the way you like it.  Spicy, ok.  Veggie, ok. Weird with shit running out the side and all kinds of yumminess drooling out your fingers as you eat it, yeah CHECK on that too.

BOMB BOMB and I'll say it again BOMB.  Oh did I mention it's cheap?  Stop reading, go now, open till 2 AM 7 days a week F T W.
My first review, and it's a scathing one. This was my second visit. Ordered a falafel sandwich both times. The first time was at 2am (I was not drunk), and so was somewhat understandably dry and awful (though, if you're going to stay open til 3, make the falafel fresh to order and don't skimp on quality assuming everyone coming in is drunk and indifferent). Second time was this afternoon. I ordered my falafel spicy, and with extra mint and parsley. 1 minute into my wait, I reminded the surly sour-faced woman: extra parsley and mint. I got the sandwich, drove off, parked, and ate the sandwich. Not only was it rather stale and obviously not freshly-fried again, but there was not a single gram of parsley or mint on the sandwich: nothing. It was overall one of the worst falafels I've ever eaten, second perhaps to the last one I had there. Sure, I knew better than to try them again, but I'd heard good things from a friend, and decided a second chance was in order. 
Oh, and I am not a fan of businesses that illegally post a minimum charge for cards. 
Never again.
5 stars!  5 stars because they have gluten free pita bread and falafel!  My husband and I randonmy stopped in and I figured I would have some hummus on a salad since I can't have pita and can almost never have falafel.  I asked the waitress if the falafel had breadcrumbs or crackers in it and she asked if I was celiac and then told me she knew all about it!  WOOHOO! And then told me that yes, the falafel is gf and so is the pita.  It's made from rice flour.  And it was delicious.  I live in Baltimore and I will be making repeat trips to College Park for this food.
Delightful food, Samir is a great guy, and the prices are fantastic. 
This is my favorite middle-eastern food spot in Seattle.
This place doesn't come together.  

First off, the atmosphere is that horrible collegetown restaurant-as-cafeteria.  If you're going to eat here, get your food to go.

Second, the naan--which seems to be the center-piece of all the dishes--is terrible.  It's bland.  The texture is more like pizza.  And mine was a little underdone and doughy.

Third, unless you direct them otherwise, they throw a bunch of different ingredients and sauces together with no mind to any particular combination.  

The individual ingredients are okay.  My chicken was tasty.  And I didn't add too much else other than rice, sauce, onions, and cilantro.  (Trying to achieve something like the promised Mexico-Mughlai fusion.)  But I actually ended up unrolling the "burrito" and just eating the filling since the naan swallowed up any flavor.

Not recommended.
Is next to PCC, the service is quite slow. it does has nice interior design, has no tv. no discount for pcc or cal tech.

Food portion is quite big for lunch, however the quality isn't as good as portion suggest.  The lamb koobideh isn't that great, is ground lamb meat basically, doesn't tasted like a lamb more like a ground beef, the grill tomato isn't cook probably, the pita bread is not warm.
In downstairs venue
feels like an old basement show - 
rockin' at the front!
Loved the wraps and they are VERY affordable. The only real downside I can think of is that it's not a place to visit if you are in a hurry. Took around 15 minutes for them to get two wraps ready for a friend. I sat there just staring at my wrap, holding back my bad manners. Ordered some hummus and ate about half right there. Wanted to keep going but figured there will be another time...
Chicken Tarna with extra garlic spread!!!


Recommendation: EXTRA GARLIC SPREAD
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
6 Food
9 Service
8 Atmosphere
7 Value
How rude!!

I called for the first time to put in a delivery order.  The guy said they don't deliver.????

I called back to let him know that on Yelp they advertising "Delivery". 
Just trying to be helpful.  Then he just hang up the phone.
this place used to be the bomb. i'm sure the whole roasted chickens are good, but their shawarma and chicken wraps are horrible. dry and tasteless and the pita bread is worse. zankou used to be a reliable inexpensive lunch stop when i was in the area and it's too bad that both this and the hollywood location are serving such weak food
I had a huge craving for some hummus and found this place on Yelp. I'm so happy I did! I got the Mediterranean platter (I think that's what it was called). Fresh and tasty hummus, excellent falafel (seriously - totally awesome, fresh and crispy), fresh tabbouleh, and a dolma (so so - not something I'd go out of my way for). Also came with tahini for the falafel, a chunk of feta, olives and pita bread. YUM. 

Go there!
Husband LOVES this place. I had the cheese wowshi and he had the lamb pita. It was pretty good. I really want to give it a four stars, but I think it's more of a 3.5 stars (and I always round down).

The food was good. It's not my typical food that I would get. So, maybe I'm a bit biased. I don't like the sign that said, "you can only visit the condiments  box ONCE!" I guess you need that kind of sign when you open a food joint in college town. But I thought it sounded kinda rude to me... Huh...

The place is too small to eat indoor, and I think it's a bit pricey for what you get. It's definitely better than a lot of places in westwood. But it's only 3 hours later, and I'm already hungry again. I don't find it filling... =/

Maybe I was ordering the wrong thing. But I don't share the same type of excitement as husband does. I'm gonna give it another try another time. But for now, it's a 3 stars.
After much anticipation from my friends and fellow Yelper Emily M.'s rave reviews about this place, I finally found time to try it out for lunch today.

The verdict? 

As much of a 5-star joint as you can get!

I ordered a Beef Wrap and a Chicken Shawarma Plate to bring home for me and my fam. Both were damn good. The Beef Wrap consisted of warm, fluffy pita bread wrapped around moist and flavorful, LEAN strips of beef with lettuce, tomatoes, and garlic spread inside. 

The Chicken Shawarma Plate came on top a bed of rice with warm pita and hummus, and a small greek salad on the side. So flavorful and yummy.

What I love best is that both things I ordered were not incredibly greasy or oily, yet everything was very well-seasoned and flavorful. 

The line that flowed out the door when I arrived made my heart sink a little, but c'mon, that's not going to stop me! In actuality, my food was ready within a minute tops of me ordering it. 

Definitely a must try for EVERYBODY! I cannot wait to come back!
They are closed down.
I really enjoy Brookline Lunch for breakfast/brunch. The restaurant is a hole in the wall with funky and cool artwork on the walls, a relaxed vibe and cool clientele. The staff is friendly but never fast......Who staffs only 2 servers for a super busy Sat. morning? 

The homefries are awesome! I love the veggies mixed with the potatoes and the hot sauce (homemade?) is lovely. The salmon eggs benedict does not disappoint...tasty hollandaise sauce, cooked salmon (not smoked--thank you!) and toasted english muffin= delicious brunch on the cheap!! 

The prices are amazingly low! Breakfast for 2 for well under $20 with a generous tip! The food is a bit greasy but very tasty, super slow service..you have been warned. It gets really busy during weekend brunch hours so try to get there early. Overall a great value for brunch on the cheap!
i LOVE this place.

It's my go to place for lunch when I have no idea what to eat, because here, I'll NEVER be disappointed! The parking is great, the food is phenomenal and the owners really care about what they do!

When people are telling you it's fast...you really have no clue -it's like instant gratification! I love getting either the chicken or beef kebabs...the hummus is amazingly perfect.  Please go try this place and support local business owners while eating fantastic grub! :)
I went here over the weekend because the place rated pretty high.  To my surprise they dont even serve rice here!! What?  I ended up getting a chicken pita which was pretty good, which came with FRIES.  Yes you read correctly, this is a mediterranean place.  I also had fried cauliflower and falafels which were good.  Nothing too special here.
Falafel was kinda mushy, won't be going back.
This place could be so great, but it's not. 

The sound sucks, and the staff has terrible attitudes. Good luck trying to find out when a band is hitting the stage, they usually won't pick up the phone and if they do, they either don't know or just make something up. 

There are positives-- they get good bands. It could be worse. And there aren't many other options.
good hummus & pita, great kafka sandwich, awesome fries!!

we were a little crowded seated in the middle of the restaurant, and the chairs felt like they were about to fall apart, but it's almost part of the place's charm.

UPDATE: i just went to the middle east again for a late lunch and fell in love a bit more. my girlfriend and i were seated in the tiny little booths that are perfect for a date. we split an order of fries, i got the baba ganooj sandwich (would definitely get again!) and she got the chicken schwarama, which she also recommended

topped it off with a sam adams seasonal (summer). a refreshing and tasty lunch after walking from downtown, over the charles river bridge, into cambridge!
The falafel sandwich is officially the best falafel I have ever eaten.  EVER.

Not a place for the self-important, impatient or the snobbish eater.  This is more like the Cheers of diners, with an awesome family running it and devoted customers.  The dad cooks, and he makes all the jams and the hot sauce himself!
uhm. 
I ADORE BELLA PITA!!!!!! 

seriously. for a "college town" Westwood has some seriously sucky dining options. by that I mean that there's not anything that's particularly healthy and at the same time, also a good deal. Bella Pita definitely fills that gap. 

You can't go wrong with either the bean and cheese wowshi (incredibly filling contrary to its initial appearance) or the lamb pita (which is incredible and totally worth the $7).  The fried cauliflower is a nice treat to pretend that you're eating healthier, and the greek salad is no big deal but definitely a good deal if you feel like purging from Gushi, Mr. Noodle and Chipotle. Not to mention, they have Mexican Cola, sweet cane sugar, how real you taste! *edit* I can't believe I forgot to mention the Falafel Pita. (Someone should stop me before I start adding more !!!). It like, everything else, is made fresh when you order, and it is freaking delicious as well. 

I believe they validate parking for orders over $20 and ditto for delivery.  Staff are nice. Met the owner there once, and we talked about the best vegetable bar process. 

I'm so freaking glad that Bella Pita exists!
So I probably shouldn't have entered Falafel Corner in Harvard Square two hours and a half before closing nor compare it to the food I had in Morocco. Either way, is it such a wrong thing to ask for made to order fresh food?

I went there on a Sunday night like I said 2.5hrs before closing. I don't know if it was because of that or another factor (i.e. running out of rice), but I was upset that their rice wasn't cooked well. I ordered the Chicken Falafel Plate, and the rice was mostly hard and crunchy. The chicken was dry and barely had any flavor, but the salad, tomato, cucumber mix was AWESOME! This was the freshest of the three; the cucumbers and tomatoes were fresh and crisp, all sitting on a small bed of shredded (iceberg) lettuce. It cost me about $7.50 for the whole thing, and it comes with 3 or so thin pita triangles. For the price of the entire package, it's a favorable deal however I just wasn't expecting the rice to be so darn crunchy. 

My friend also purchased an order of grape leaves, which were so good! I like how there was a nice hint of spice to them, just can't put my finger as to what that spice was as of yet... An order of grape leaves has 4 of them all on top of a cucumber/tomato/shredded lettuce bed.

Overall the guys I met there were nice. They made conversation with me as they were putting together our dinner plates. I'm willing to give the place another shot, just hoping that the rice isn't crunchy the next time. Will keep you guys updated on my next trip back...
I LOVE Falafel Corner. Cheap, tasty, quick. Their falafel are really good and they put just the right amount of tahini on the sandwich. Their pita bread leaves something to be desired but it doesn't ruin the sandwich at all. I want to say I'll try other things on their menu, but I love the falafel so much that I can't see myself doing that in the near future!  Check this place out.
Yummy! Zahra (Fried Califlower). They are good, fast and inexpensive. Great for lunch!
Just like everyone else has said this place is LIGHTING SPEED! Dang! By the time I got my money out my food was ready to go! I can't speak for all the food since I've only had the vegi combo, mmmmm falafels fried to perfection with a side of salad and hummus and rice!!! ohhhh my

At first I was a little confused and overwhelmed upon walking in, it was around lunch time and it seemed like this little place was busting off the seams with people, I almost walked away because I saw such a huge line but I was craving falafel so I stayed and BAM! In a line of about 10 people I was first in line in about 3 minutes. Too cool. Plus the people behind the counter are always friendly :]

All in all I love me some fast food, friendly people and delicious food. Yuuuumm, definitely worth going back over and over.
Eh.  I would probably not come back here.  The portions are huge, true, but when half the plate is covered in rice, that's not saying much.  I got the Kufta Kebab, large size, for $8.99 and felt like the amount of meat I got didn't really reflect the price.  If you really, really like rice I guess this is the place for you.  The kufta kebab itself was well-spiced but kind of dry.

The falafel appetizer was really good, and some of the other dishes posted here look like a pretty good deal, especially for vegetarians.  If I did come back, I'd probably stick with the falafel sandwich.
I was going to go for four stars, but then thought to myself, "why?  When have I ever not had a good time here?"

The answer is I've never not had a good time here (double negatives rock!).  Off the top of my head I can think of three epic shows - Beck, Parliament, and Asobi Seksu - which were amazing.  The club has an indominatable Rock'n'Roll aesthetic and energy that is conducive to rocking out with abandon.  

The restaurant...well, that's where my four stars might have come from but I'm willing to bump it up.  I'm sorry, but the food ain't that great.  It's OK.  But the service is always great and more importantly, I always have a great time here even though the food is meh and it commits the cardinal sin of being too bright.  The vibe is just as raucous and crackling as the club, leading to gleeful conversations and lots of giggling.

If you're going to see a band here, show up early, so you can stake out a good spot by the stage (or the bar).  Definitely eat at the restaurant beforehand to get in the mood for the show, or just eat there when you're feeling grumpy to get a boost of energy from the crowd.
Alright, Pita Pita is on Colorado, in between Mentor and Lake on the north side of Colorado. Now parking isn't that much of an issue; there's plenty of street parking and sometimes I'll park far away or in the Rite Aid parking and walk a couple of blocks.

This place has a good selection of Mediterranean, Greek, Middle Eastern, and Armenian meals. Along with the usual staples like falafels, gyro wraps and greek salads, Pita Pita also has a breakfast menu.

Now, this place opens up very early in the morning. 7am to be exact, 8 am on Sunday. So if you need something different other than coffee and a bagel, try Armenian sausage and a coffee. You might like.

Now for the menu, some of the pita wraps don't have much of a taste. It tastes a little bland and they don't seem to stuff it full of meat, lamb, etc. To me, it seems like the pita is 50% pita, 30% veggies and 20% meat. But they make it up with the chicken plate. You can get 1/4 to full chicken dinners...and you can choose dark to all white meat. 

Good stuff, filling food, it will hit the spot, the staff there is very nice to me whenever I walk in. Good food whenever you're in Pasadena.
How do you satisfy three indecisive girls at once...

1) Be close to the next venue
2) Be reasonably inexpensive
3) Have high multiple small snack/low large entree potential
4) Allow loud conversation and laughing
5) Have no wait to sit down

All requirements met by Zuzu.

Red walls and bar stools, glass front cabinets - and! Pay attention!  Pictures of wolves (that's right) adorning the walls - made for a laid back atmosphere.  Additionally, I rather enjoy watching hipsters stewing in their own juices.  Last night, for example, there was an abnormally high scruffy beard per capita ratio, which I filed in my sociological observations drawer.

The lamb Kebabs were tender and tasty, but if you get them, don't even think of trying the "yogurt" sauce, unless you like ground up raw garlic.  Baba Ghannoush mmm good!  But missing the roasted flavor I generally like.  Also, superfluous use of curry powder made the otherwise perfectly chopped and dressed fattoush unnecessarily spicy.

Service was a litle slow, maybe, but then, we were itching to get our trivia on.  In actuality, we were in and out in under an hour.

Whaddup Middle East.  Thanks for Zuzu.
Very homie !!!!! Delicious :)
Why haven't I visited sooner?  What a great place.  

Jerusalem Gardens is located off of Liberty Street and very accessible to downtown (except for the ridiculous construction of yet another parking garage - not their fault!).

We were quickly seated and our waitress was right over to take drink orders and answer questions.  The food came quickly and was out of this world.  Kris had a chicken shwarma and the tabouli that came with my falafal plate (it had cucumbers... I didn't notice that on the menu.  I don't do cucumbers).  I had some of the best prepared falafal and a creamy hummus with a spinach pie that was perfectly prepared.

The waitstaff is unobtrusive and friendlyish.  Things are kept clean, the quickness with which they handle everything should be something other restaurants are taking notes on.  I took off a star because the kitchen could be slightly less cluttered.  Everything appeared clean but it was still distracting when walking by and made me think that maybe they need to pay a little more attention to it.  But, honestly, a few more visits will most likely change this 4 rating to a 5.  The only other complaint?  If there's enough room, seat people with at least a table in between.  We were the only once there when another table walked in and was sat directly next to us.
This place is a quick trot from my work, so once in awhile, when I'm craving a mjaddra sandwich and don't have time to run to Jerusalem Garden, I go to this place.  It's a place I would recommend to someone who is broke (because it's filling) or a student in a hurry (just a trot from Angell Hall).  They are also open late during the school year, and have outdoor seating.

It is ok, inexpensive Middle Eastern food.  The chicken schwarma is really cute because the potatos in it are French fries.
Bella Pita = all you can grab pita bar.  great falafel.  reasonable prices

Gets crowded at meal times.  really nice owner.  I love bella pita
Mmmmmmm great chicken and of course that garlic paste that you can put on almost anything.  The only gripe I have with this place is the parking in the back, I dunno who designed that, but its horrible.
Tried this place on a weekday evening, as others have mentioned, the owners are very friendly. 
The restaurant quite small, but the food is very good, I tried the baba ghanoush, and the shawarma platter, the salad has a good lemony taste to it, overall a pretty good place and definitely worth visiting, I would be repeating to try other dishes.

The dessert selection is allright, but the bakalava was a little dry for my taste.
Best shwarma around.
Really delicious Turkish food, great service, nice atmosphere, decent prices.

Bread that comes with the meal is high quality, perfectly made, served hot with a dipping sauce. 
I got the Mezze Plate and the husband got the egg+sausage pizza. 

The Mezze Plate contained the best tabouli, best red lentils, best baba ganoush, best grape leaves, best hummus and best tzatziki I have ever had. Really. This plate knocked all of them out of the park. Amazing. 

The Pizza had a great crust and really nice flavor. 

In short, eat here and eat here often. yum.
The Algiers is a great cafe. Too true what everybody says about it being a wonderful place to sit and have meaningful conversation**. Get a pot of tea, some baklava or a hummus/veggie plate, and chill with friends or a date for an hour or two. Great because it's open 'til midnight, too!

**meaningful is actually very subjective--every time I go to the Algiers there is a least one nasally voiced nerd telling some poor unsuspecting date about how he decided on Harvard because it has such a rich history and the people are just *smarter* here, it's just the prevailing mentality, even more so than at Andover, which was great but the emphasis wasn't sufficiently on...
The service was slow, but the food is yummmmmmmmmmy. I don't smoke, but I do love to come here and have a hookah. My fav is the passion fruit mojito. Don't go if you are in a hurry. No one seems to be in a hurry here. Sit back, relax, have some sheesha. Mellow out! Seriously, the food is good, as is the hookah, but don't expect speedy anything.
First time here? Get the plate. Don't bother with the wraps. Get the plate. Get the Tri-tip Shawerna and Chicken Tarna combination plate.  

It comes with juicy delectable rotisserie chicken, tender, savory beef, creamy, olive-oily hummus, tart and tangy tahini, delicious tangy and not-too-garlicky garlic spread, tomatoes, pickled radish, lettuce and 2 pitas. It has everything you need to make a wrap if your heart desires or you can even eat the different items individually to taste the separate delicious items.  All for $10. Enough for two.

I love this place.  So much I want to marry it.  

So get the plate. Get the combination tri-tip and chicken plate. You might fall in love with it too.
Get it? Got it? Good.
Great authentic Arabic food, good value, and the most delicious fresh tabboule I had in the US. LOVE!
Habibi is a solid three star place.  the shisha is good, the food is decent. and the service was just fine.

Yes, there are some shady business going around there, and rather very confusing reading their menu.  extra charges for 2+ people, min. drinks on certain nights, and bla bla bla.

Overall, the place was clean, a bit pricey, and has a nice outdoors area.  I would go again, next time i'm in the UCLA area, just have to pay a closer look at their menu.
Its Friday or saturday night in Cambridge-Boston. Maybe you're hang-over, depressed, broke or simply sick of bad hip-hop, second-hand club mixes or the summer top songs.. The thing is, you need a boost, but really don't want to have to dress up or spend a lot of money. All you want is to dance in a place where music is king.

That place is ZuZu. Soul, Funk, an occasional pop-rock song, the music is the most consistent I've seen in the Great Boston area! It's fresh and simple, and people super friendly too!

The place isn't super big, quite on the contrary, so try to be there before 11h30 or you might have to wait over 30minutes!

$5 at the door!

An absolute favorite.
I've been coming to Bella Pita since it opened about a year and half ago and I am mad at mysellf for not reviewing it sooner. It is probably the restaurant that I frequent most often in Westwood. The food is fresh, the owner/workers are friendly, and the price is right. What more could you ask for? It is definitely one of the gems on the westside. 

I think the beef woshi has improved since I first tasted it but vegetarian is the way to go (which is rare for restaurants in my opinion). I generally order the black bean woshi or the falafel pita but occasionally I mix it up with a beef woshi.
Best place for a quick and affordable lunch in Westwood. Fried cauliflower is highly recommended
Before any of you "yelp police" attack, let me begin by saying the following: I live in the Bay Area, but I was in Austin over Thanksgiving, staying with my fiance's family and planning our wedding there.  In between countless meetings with potential photographers and DJs, we fit in a quick bite at Stix.  And I really liked it!

I had the Texas salad with chicken and it was really good - I just love pecans.  Maybe it had a tad too much dressing, but I can ask for a little less next time.  The decor of the place is cool, and the staff was friendly and quick.
my favorite falafel of all time. i've never tried anything else on their menu because i always, never-fail, get their falafel wraps every time.

the falafel makers are a bit cold and impatient with you, and don't really make much effort to pronounce their words english-like, but its more amusing than insulting. just say "everything" when they ask you a question.
I like whole Village area. 
I like their patio, full of plants and blocked the street view. Feel more romantic.
I like any lamb dishes they made, lamb chops especial $17, lamb sis kebab with yogurt $10. Very tasty. 
Don't like their pizza. The thinnest crust I've ever seen. But not much stuff on the bread. I feel they just added some sauce and herbs on the bread, but not much meat. I won't recommend anyone to order that.
Usually I would have gotten a gyro, shwarma, or kebab of some kind, but a friend recommended getting the Turkish pizza, and so I did.  I was skeptical at first because I thought how different could a Turkish pizza be?  It was probably just some pizza dough with some Turkish spices to fool the people who don't know or are not willing to try their other food.  I guess what came out was kind of that, but it was pretty awesome.  The dough was not the typical pizza dough.  It was more fragrant and with really good texture to it.  It was fluffy and chewy all at the same time.  I got the one with Turkish sausage, which was denser and had more bite to it compared to the typical sausage.  It kind of reminded me of the Taiwanese sausage in terms of texture, but with more spices...  "Turkish" spices...  because I don't know any better.  It was pretty heavy and dense, and could be split into 1.5-2 meals, which is always a plus!  The pizza dough was pretty similar to the bread they gave at the beginning of the meal.  So if you are not trying their Turkish pizzas, I would definitely recommend, and not be shy, about trying their bread.  Yum!

Service was kind of a different story.  A friend ordered something after specifically checking and confirming that it would be completely gluten free.  However it came out with rice and noodles as one of the sides, and the noodles contained gluten.  That's okay because sometimes people just don't know if they are not familiar with gluten free food.  The problem was when she asked to switch the rice/noodles for something else gluten free like a salad or hummus, they would not swap it for free.  She would have needed to get them separately at full price.  Really?!  The waitress did offer to pay for a salad and such out of her own pocket, but I think the chef/restaurant should have just offered something else to exchange for free, and honestly it did not even need to be the same portion as a regular order.  We were all quite stunned over this.  It was not that we could not afford to pay for a salad or hummus.  It was more that we could not believe they would be so stubborn and willing to lose customers over something so small.

Overall, decent food, but this experience has left a poor taste.
The main attraction of Algiers (aka Cafe Algiers) is the decor upstairs - a charming constellation of little tables around the stairwell.  Proximity to the Brattle Theater and the music they play (usually classical) add.  You can order a sweet sludgy Arabic coffee and the picture is complete, if you like the look of whoever you're with or whatever you're reading.

Cons: It's expensive, the food tends to be mediocre, service is slow.  Hmn, I guess that sounds like a lot of cons.  Nonetheless I keep this place in the roster.
I ate here several times a few years ago because it was convenient. But the grime, the lackluster and possibly grimy food, and the sullen staff just turned me off. I went back again this week because my husband insisted on trying it. Our tap water came in styrofoam cups... mine was stained with dirt. The service was still sad and the space was still grimy. The falafel was fine but not made with love, and I'm actually just hoping it doesn't make me ill. I don't trust that place.
We were greeted with menus and an incomprehensible complimentary appetizer plate of two radishes, pepperoncinis, some old pickle spears, some basil, a quarter raw onion and a couple pats of butter.  I mean, I like radishes, but they should make up a platter that people will actually eat.  How about shirazi, olives and hummus?

Only tasted the shirazi, hummus and barley/lentil soup. The shirazi is simply diced cucumber, tomato and red onion with olive oil and vinegar. The vegetables were fresh and good. The barley lentil soup was very good, with a slight mint taste.  The hummus was really bland and needed more garlic, salt, lemon juice and olive oil.

My friends got the ground beef shish kebab, the chicken and the lamb shank.  All were reported to be good.  The amount of rice they give you is a bit much. Some might complain that the meat portions were too large, but not me.  Leftovers are a good thing.

I am happy to report that the service was very good. Everything was good, but not outstanding. There are too many Persian/Middle East places that have memorable food.

Go try it for yourself though. These reviews are so mixed that personal taste or even the day might make a difference.
My prayers are answered!

You need cheap and delicious and healthy? Just come here.

This place is absolutely fantastic. They really take care with the ingredients and serve up some great, simple Middle Eastern food fast. I live in Harvard Square, and it won't matter to me if they drive everybody else in the Square out of business. From now on, I'm only eating at Falafel Corner. It's that good.

They are open late (really late, on week-ends) so if you want to take advantage of Charlie's Beer Garden next door, you can drink there. Then, when you are hungry (the food at Charlie's ain't so hot) you can walk to steps to the Falafel Corner and pig out on really delicious shawarma and then return to drinking next door. I used to think that Harvard Square was dying, that only the Brattle Theatre and Algiers would be left for me. But now there are some green shoots--namely, Falafel Corner!

And the owner/manager(?) is really cute and friendly!
The best thing about this place?  They are open until VERY late!  When the bars close... this is the spot.  You gotta get the jumbo- if you don't you will be very sad while your buddy is still working on his.  At $5 you can't really go wrong here. :)
Normally I'd choose beef dishes over chicken, at ZANKOU's it's all about the CHICKEN. I tried the tri-tip shwerma and it's aight! tri-tip was dry and needed some kind of seasoning and or dipping sauce. Basically, it lacked flavor. 

The chicken though, yup... that's something else.. It's the business!! I've never tasted chicken as tender and as juicy as ZANKOU offers. 

I know the garlic spread is the icing on the chicken, but it's pretty heavy, so smear it thinly and let that tender chicken melt in your mouth. 

Portions are sharable!
I'm rating the restaurant.

The atmosphere is great!  How can you play when they've got classics like Duran Duran playing in the background?    

I ordered an eggplant dish - and it tasted extremely bland.   I was disappointed.    I ordered the wrong thing I guess???  But, how could they mess up eggplant?  Go figure. 

Annoying thing is that we were two people, and they added 18% of gratuity.
ITS SOOOO GOOD! I love zankou chicken. The garlic butter sauce is sooooo good with everything! The portions here are big so I shared with a friend. We got the half chicken and it was delicious. It includes, veggies, 2 pieces of peta bread, and hummus. If you want more peta bread, you can just ask and they will give it to you for free. 

There is parking in the shopping center and it can get busy so be prepared to wait in a line for like no less than 5 minutes.  The prices are reasonable and portions are big so you cant go wrong here.
Their food is quite tasty and yummy! I had the tri tip wrap for lunch today and it was great!
I've really only tried their falaful sandwiches which is super tasty.
their friend rock as well.
I love the environment, location, and people there.
Sometimes the wait/service was long, but on s sunny day out on their porch, I didnt care.
From what i know, their cafe is delicious.
One of the best places around for Middle Eastern food. The Monday special of roasted chicken is reminiscent of the rotisserie chicken sold at most shawarma shops in the Middle East. The shawarma is good, packed with meat and vegetables. I would have preferred the tahini sauce to be more garlicky, and the version with diced tomato, and coriander leaves but regardless, it's still good shawarma.

The service is good, and a bit slow at times due to the busy lunch hours. I'm a regular, so I would certainly recommend Blue Nile as well as its incredible daily specials.
If you live in Pasadena or a neighboring town and haven't experienced Pita Pita you are missing out!  The food is always fresh and they have so many healthy selections.  One of my fav's is the Veggie Combo, it has hummus and baba ghanouj that are the best I have ever tasted.  The garlic chicken wrap is yummy too!  You can't go wrong with Pita Pita, I have never had a bad meal there.
Good, cheap eats.  Their garlic butter is one of the Seven Wonders of the World.  Awesome tarna, shawerma, and roasted chicken.    Wish they hadn't jacked up the prices recently, but it's still a great deal.  One of these days, I'm gonna buy one of those hideous yellow t-shirts and wear it with pride...
My first experience with Moody's was much less than satisfactory. Venturing in during a lunch break I'd ordered a lamb shawarma, and literally every other bite of lamb was un-chewable. After half of the shawarma, I tossed it. I was very displeased and it took over a year for me to return.

The second time around was under very different circumstances. Stumbling all the way back to Central Square from Porter at 2 am on a Saturday night, post awesome party, my friend asked what sort of food was available in the area. Moody's was the first place to pop up in my clouded consciousness, so in we went.

We spent a few minutes looking over the menu carefully deciding what to order, only to be informed that falafel was the only thing being served at that hour. Fair enough. We got our falafel shawarmas and proceeded to finish them rather quickly. Good news, the falafel was much better than the Lamb - tasty and moist. Perfect food for coping with excessive inebriation.
Come hither children and let me offer you some sage advice and instruction. Now listen carefully - I'm going to offer you secrets to a perfect summer afternoon and evening. Listen closely - I'll only tell you this once...

Arrive at Algiers around 5/6 on a Saturday or Sunday and you'll notice the downstairs patio area seems crowded. Disregard - you can't imbibe there anyway.  Move on in, say "hello" to the charming staff, grab a menu, and walk on upstairs. Exit the staircase but keep going - look for the natural light. Ah, here you are. The roof deck.

Grab a seat, wave down a server, order up some provisions (I'd suggest a pot of gunpowder green tea or the adult beverage of your choosing and a plate of baba ghanoush). Settle back (don't lean against the building though - little green and red beetles will take kindly to you). Go ahead, lounge, and spy on the happenings of Brattle Street below.

Ease back, settle down, and take some time to unwind and recharge before moving back into the hectic summer routine of barbecues, parades, parties, concerts, grilled babies, and other affairs...
I actually think the falafel here is rather good. I can only speak for the hummus falafel pita and grape leaves. Grape leaves (dolmas) I can do without, but the falafel was never over-dried or over-spiced. Very quick and place seems clean but they were CLOSED BY THE HEALTH INSPECTOR for about 2 weeks. I'm a bit ruined since then, I can't decide whether to go back or not. There's nowhere else nearby to get falafel this far UWS. 

Pitas are cheap, but anything else gets pricier.  Only counter space and a couple booths, but not really too much room inside, more a take and go place.
Their pizza is probably the best I've had in UC of the 1-2 dozen places I've tried here.  That really isn't saying much, considering the next best thing is probably getting a frozen DiGiorno from the 7-11 down the street, but Ed's pizza is the closest thing to a real pie you'll find this side of the river and is sufficiently palatable drunk or sober.  Their hoagies are average at best but their other bar food type stuff (chicken fingers, wings, fries, etc) is above average to good.  No alcohol.  Get to become somewhat of a regular and you may get freebies here and there.

FYI this is the same place as Rana Middle Eastern Cuisine, they're just marketed as separate (styles too different?  who knows?).  Never got anything from that menu.
One of the hottest places to catch a live perfrmance uf you are looking for cheap tix, up-and-coming acts, and intimate atmosphere.
Lentil soup is good. Coffee is middling; way better than Espresso Royale, probably not as good as Starbucks (both of which are near by). Sandwiches are OK I guess but too much money for what you get. Crepes are fine, but there isn't much competition for that in A2 that I know of.  Staff is somewhat incompetent. There are often like 3 guys behind the counter but 1 of them is doing everything, from taking orders to making all the food, while the other 2 just get in the way and argue, slowing everything down. It's kind of comical actually.

Don't go out of your way to go here by any means, but if you're already on South U, you could do worse.
I always get the falafel pita and pile on as many toppings as I can possibly fit on there. It's fresh and delicious and cheap and quick....what more can you ask for. I did get an awesome coupon once while walking in the village that made it buy one get one free. I might ask for more of those coupons. 

I will say sometimes the waiting when it's busy sucks. People get confused and take your order or they didn't make enough falafel pitas and so you have to wait longer and there's never anywhere to sit. But if you want something quick, cheap, and go for on the go, this is the place!
Their wraps are SO good... even better with the price they come at. I always leave satisfied when I com here. I'm not a big fan of dining in here though... it's a bit tight safe-wise and I always end up sitting smooshed against a corner or back door or something.
I am shocked to see all of the bad reviews here because I had a great time. 
Maybe I just know the right people ;)

My habibi & I came in on a busy Saturday night and were seated at a table right away. Manfriend went to try to find his bouncer friend but he wasn't working that night. 
Before we ordered, the owner came over and asked us if we'd like the booth in the corner. I called it the lovers booth. It was a great spot for people watching!

Double apple hookah -- I can't comment on the quality of this since I didn't smoke (stupid throat problems!) but it smelled delicious.
Mezze platter was a huge plate of food with a side of warm pita. My favorite part was the babaganoush.
Mint tea is a must order. 

Across the street from Diddy Reese and a few blocks from the W that we stumbled home to.
The dining room decor may be smallish and understated; the outdoor patio area smallish. But, free wi-fi, fresh squeezed OJ (you can see the vintage (?) commercial Kyocera from the order counter), and panini with perfectly melted mozzarella cheese make this somewhat hidden joint a gem. While the order counter stayed busy, the dining pace stayed aggressive, and I never once felt rushed, bothered, or crowded. Also, the staff all stayed focused, active, and tasked; Which is why I felt that the spot was clean and well-maintained. P.S. I did overhear a patron asking for the restroom location, to which the reply was met with a long answer that perhaps meant one had to go hunting for the restrooms location. (Maybe also a secret Fa La La handshake?)
My first impression was, "Their menu is so big it's hard to decide...let's go to my handy dandy yelp app!"

WOW sheesh, these wowshies are one of the most creative ways to eat Mediterranean food that I've discovered yet. Take a look at the photos, it's colorfully intruiging. The best part is, it's fast food, cheap eats on the go that still makes me feel healthy AND hits the spot. Very few meals can fit both those criterions! It is  very affordable, and they keep the portions hearty to keep a college budget happy. Bella Pita is the result of a creative idea of a UCLA professor, and we are all thankful for her accomplishments the food field of study. The pita bread is baked to order and really puts it all together. I could definitely just be satisfied with the pita alone. The meats are so tender, yet not too heavy. Topped with your selection of veggies and sauces, it's a guaranteed success. They are not joking around with the spicy sauce. It's a delicious kick to top it all off.

The lasting impression? "So good, you'll go wowshi."
Kismet is my go-to place for falafels.  I always get the lamb falafel and it's delicious!  Definitely something to get if you're in West Campus and in a hurry.  Service is relatively quick and it's pretty straight forward.  I don't really like sitting and eating at Kismet just because I'm not really a fan of the actual place itself.  The food is great and I have no qualms with anything else minus the place being a little dodgey at times.
Got item #13 Tri Tip kebab. It came with hummus, rice, grilled onions, two pitas and pickles. The portion was enough for two. Overall everything tasted good. Reason for 3/5?  kebab was slightly overdone and the place was not very inviting, looks rundown.

I'd go back again based on the food but request the tri tip be medium rare and share the meal.
My first of many trips to Tom's Tabooley-
not sure why I hadn't even considered eating here before... possibly because I have never had taboouleh that I really liked, perhaps because it's location is just far enough from campus to make it an impractical lunch stop.

Food:
I got a few falafels, fries and a thai salad- everything was hot and fresh and flavorful. The falafel were crisp and salty, the noodle salad was garlicky, and the fries were hot, salty and fresh-cut. Yum!

Store: 
service was fast, though to be fair, mine was the only order being prepared when I came.
NPR was playing in the spacious seating area.
There is ample seating, booth (wee!) and chairs and a wall dividing the room for privacy.
Well lit, circulating air and colorful art increase the comfort
AND free wi-fi and outlets at every table- wow.
Wow!  I had a chicken gyro from this place today for the first time and I must say it was very good!  The chicken was moist, flavourful and very tasty.  I loved the combinations of the flavors of the gyro, chicken, salad and the different sauces!  

I got a very generous amount of food for only $4 sooo this is my new favourite place! The restaurant is very small but cute, however, the music, I did not like! 

Service was excellent and quick!  

Highly recommended! Now the only restaurants missing in this area are a Chipotle and a good Indian restaurant!
One nice summer afternoon not long ago, I sat at a little cafe table on the sidewalk eating the best veggie wrap ever, and I was completely hooked. East Side Pocket, this little unassuming place on busy Thayer Street, became a family favorite. Now we try to go whenever we hit Providence. The ingredients are so fresh, everything is affordable and it's filled with friendly people. Since my inaugural experience, I have been back many times, sampling just about every vegan friendly item on their menu. You can customize everything- have it your way- and the portions are so generous you may end up bringing home some leftovers for a healthy late night snack. Filled with college kids and professors on the go, this spot is a whirlwind of activity but I've never had a problem with the service, which is always quick and professional. 

Do yourself a favor and drop into East Side Pocket when you are in the area. If you have never had Mediterranean food before, you are in for a big treat. And if you have, I hope you like it as much as we do!
My favorite falafel in the Boston area. I am very lucky that this close by work since it's one of the best places for lunch. The falafel roll up is my favorite, jam packed with homemade falafel, Lebanese pickles, pink pickled turnip and lots of tahini sauce. Only drawback is that it will kill your breath for the rest of the day so be warned. Another highlight is the array of sides that you can have put into a 'combo plate'. Falafel salad, baba ghanoush, roast cauliflower. It's all good. 

It is a tad on the pricey side for what is really a fancy cafeteria but since this is an occasional treat and the quality is so good it is worth it. Some Lebanese friends claim it is their favorite place in town so it definitely gets authenticity points with that recommendation.
I started going here because my friends do. Most recently there was a way-too-hip DJ spinning and some dudes vogue-ing on the floor. One girl traipsed about in a black too-short jumpsuit thing, too. I like the couch against the wall. I really like the velvet print of the wolf near the restrooms. I like how there's one bartender for cocktails and one for beer.

One star short on account of my Sapphire and tonic being served in a plastic cup reminiscent of my dentist's office.

I swear I'll order food there sometime.
Tom's Tabooley was closed for Memorial Day, and I had a craving for tabouleh, so I checked Central Market.  They sell containers from The Mediterranean Chef.  I bought about a pound (two containers) and ate it over dinner and the following lunch.

The tabouleh was a little dry.  The parsley didn't taste fresh.  There wasn't much tomato in it either.  I ended up adding some olive oil and some lemon juice to get it closer to what I'm used to.

I didn't grow up in a middle-eastern household or marry into a middle-eastern family, and I don't spend a substantial amount of time hanging out with Mediterranean immigrants, so I am no judge of whether the tabouleh I bought from Central Market is authentic.  What I can tell you is I probably won't buy the Mediterranean Chef product again; I prefer the tabouleh from Tom's Tabooley.
I wish I would have read the reviews on here before going to this place for a takeout.
The place looks like a dump inside with all kinds of old junk all over the place.  The pastries look like they were just dumped into the counter.
The takeout menu that I got had stains on it.  
I ordered eggs (came with toast and potatoes) and a pancake and it was all put into the same container with syrup.  I asked for a bag and got some wrinkly plastic bag that was probably already used 10 times.
I come here often to pick up bread, meat, spices, etc. Always good. Can't complain. Wish they had more meat selections, and maybe an open olive bar (OMG that would be BOMB) but one day....have never tried the food but it does look and smell good! The pastries are really good! Especially the knafa! (the one with the shaved orange dough with pistachio on top). Highly recommend!
I gave 3 stars only because It was my first time trying a hookah. A friend and I went here during the day when they had $10 hookah specials. We had the hummus which was great and a few birthday drinks.      I would definitely go back again once I get my hookah skills up!
I had the absolute worst hookah experience I've ever had at this cafe.  The service (except for one incredibly kind waiter named Tyler) was AWFUL, not to mention incredibly rude.  Instead of apologizing and offering a helping hand when the hookah coals spilled on top of me and burned my leg, one asshole of a waiter basically told me it was all my fault and went back to eating his dinner.  What kind of a restaurant does that???  My group of six friends was charged $48 for ONE HOOKAH, three cokes, a bottle of water, and a coffee.  Such a rip off and a horrible way to spend your time and money.  Never going back.
i like this location better than the glendale one. it might just be me, but the chicken tastes better here? parking is better too. i pay cash and rarely have to wait for a whole chicken. it's always still piping hot and juicy when i get home!
YUM. hidden in old town pasadena, such good mediterranean food for such a good price! I was stuffed for only $9. 

I had the chicken shwarma and my roommate got the beef kabob so we could split it. Plates come with salad, rice, HUMMUS, pita and the meat. Everything is so good. The service is freakishly fast ...we order and the food was ready right away. Don't know how they do that, but I was happy. :) 

I wish this was closer to UCLA, I would come here allllll the time.
Thank you ZanKou Chicken. I love Mediterranean food because of you. Yum!
I moved to Ann Arbor back in February after securing a new job up here.  One of my coworkers highly recommended Pita Kabob so we started going there for lunch every once in a while.  We are now completely addicted to their Crushed Lentil Soup as well as the Cajun Chicken Pita (both of which I'm eating while typing this review...).  Yes, the place is small but that just adds to the experience.  The food is always excellent and the owner/staff are very nice.  Do yourself a favor and give them a try!
This is the spot.. The food is good, cheap, and the guys who work there are cool.. Only reason i give it four is beacuse of the location.. Late at night theres a lot of drug addicts on that part of the ave.. It dosent scare me so much but i woulndt want my girl to stop there on the late night.. Open till 3am
The food is ok, but it's both more expensive and not nearly as good as Zankou down the street.
I've been there twice in my many, I mean MANY years at UT, and I realized why I haven't been back. I had forgotten how my first visit went, and I just went there about two days ago right before my class; it definitely renewed my distaste for this mangy hole of a place.

Right off the bat, it 's obviously dirty, but I wasn't about to judge the establishment by the cleanliness of its exterior. I mean, some of the best local cuisine are served in hole-in-the-wall dirty dives! 

Service was amazingly slow even though there was only one couple in front of me. I think they were of the same ethnicity with the cashier (a shady looking guy, who in itself made me lose my appetite) because they were blabbing to each other in the same language like they had all the time in the world. It took what could have taken about 5 minutes for me to order, take about 15-20. This inconsiderate act resulted in my inevitable tardiness to class. 

The chicken schawarma that I didn't order was the worst of its kind that I've ever tasted. They obviously switched up my order of beef, but I doubt that it could have been any better. The pita itself was soggy and there was some sort of sour aftertaste that reminded me of wet socks and armpit. I advise you not to take a chance.
This place is phenomenal. I've been looking for decent falafel and shwarma since I came back from traveling in the Middle East. The meat (chicken and lamb) shwarma is very tasty and well-cooked. The restaurant itself is small, but well maintained and clean. I sat down and ate there and found the atmosphere and music to be very amiable. Didn't try the falafel but will definitely be back soon to try it. Much better than Rami's or Shwarma King.
I  am writing based on only 1 visit .  quite familiar, to say the least , with this genre of food. being from NYC where there are dozens of these places for decades. ordered combination plate - grape leaves, hummus , falafel , tabouleh. $5.85   also have been to israel twice. on the plate was 1 mini grape leave, 1 falafel, bunch of lettuce ,  a liitle hummus & tabouleh.  i even commented to server about only 1 falafel. bottom line WRAPRO wouldn`t stay in business 1 week with such a paltry offering in NYC.  ridiculous.  the menu signs should say grape leaf not leaves. i don`t like to make hard working folks feel bad but COME ON!!!!!!!!  my friend also complained about mostly lettuce in his order. and the horrible cold pita , tiny n thin was  total minor leagues.
I unfortunately did not have the four/five-star experience that some have lauded this place for. As far as coffee goes, its a bust. This is not the best place for quality coffee, but rather a nice, cozy place to enjoy it. I haven't seen it packed before, apparently people really hunt for seats during peak hours.

They're food is a whole different story. Next time I go (if), I'll be sure to sit down and sample their menu, because I've heard great things about their hummus and sandwiches. Perhaps my review will deserve an update after that.
I love East Side Pockets!

I took my beau a few weeks back.  He had the chicken Caesar pocket and I had the felafel pocket.  I love that you can walk up to the counter and have the sandwiches customized to your liking as they are being made.  Pita bread - the basis to the sandwiches - a staple...is absolutely  delicious at this restaurant.  It is very fresh - soft and tasty.  

You may have to circle for parking and put a few quarters in the meter but it is totally worth it.  Whether you stay or go the sandwich making process is so efficient you'll be in and out in no time.  You'll leave satisfied and with a full tummy.
As I continue my prowl of cheap tasty and healthy eateries in the Westwood area for lunch, this definitely is worth mentioning.  I mean for less than $5 you can get freshly made to order delicious falafel on tasty warm pita...PLUS the fixins bar just how you like it.  It's hard to find places that put that level of trust in their customers these days.

Kudos to this little whole in the wall place who caters to its customers and gets it done the right way.
I went to this brunch spot after a few people recommended it to me. My friend Nick and I heard the homefries were great, so our expectations were high, and for him, the homefries hit the mark. I like my homefries a little less busy (these came with peppers, zucchini, tomatoes) but they were still nice and crispy. He had the Mediterranean omelette while I settled on 2 eggs over easy which were cooked nicely. The best part of this meal was the jam and hot sauce they gave us. We were so curious as to what was in the jam that we asked what was in it... they told us it was a combination of pineapple and banana. Now let me tell you something, this jam was red and had some interesting flavors, so obviously their chef was not giving away any secrets. We were really just curious! So overall, definitely a good breakfast, curious jam, but filling and scrumptious all around.
Yummmmmmyyyyyy. 

My friend brought me here on a day when I was feeling under the weather. I am so glad she did. I felt so much better by the time we left, my tummy wasn't hungry anymore, my spirits were lifted and the tea they serve gave me just the right amount of 'umph' I needed to get through the rest of the day. 

We both had the Greek salad with chicken. Then we ordered a house kabob on the side. The salad comes with a whole pita and taziki sauce on the side. All of it was sooooooo good. I can't believe I have passed this little hole in the wall a multitude of times and just now learned of its existence. 

Aside from the great food they have a fantastic little market too. I wanted to buy a little of everything but refrained because I have no idea how to cook with any of it! The prices on the market stuff seemed very reasonable and it's nice to know this market is here so if I ever do learn to cook Mediterranean food I will know where to come get my supplies.
Great food , huge portions and enough for a second meal usually.
My boyfriend is obsessed with Greek and Mediterranean food, so we checked this place out while on vacation in Pittsburgh due to the Yelp reviews. I just have to say that it was a truly incredible experience. We both had the falafels and they were simply the best in the world. The owner talked with us for a good portion of the time and he just added to the experience, because he was completely badass and hilarious. I'll have to second the other reviews by saying he is awesome and his food is too.
when the person making my food was almost done before i had finished paying, i knew i was in for disappointment. and that is exactly what i got. 

i had the avocado falafel wrapped in lavosh rather than pita. first, i was not there at a busy time (i was the only person there) so i was expecting fresh falafel, as someone mentioned earlier. instead i got what was sitting there from the last fry. that might have been ok if they were still warm and fresh tasting--they weren't. the lavosh was also dry and the falafel, tahini, humus, lettuce filling did not deliver the flavor delight it should have. i actually didn't like anything about what i was tasting but ate most of it because i was starving and would've felt guilty about throwing away $7. i instead ended up with a stomachache for a few hours after. 

from now on, i'm really going to have to keep my falafel cravings in check for those days i can make it to the city and get the falafel burrito from blue front--that's the only place that's done right by me.
First of all, it's cheap. Good luck finding a falafel sandwich anywhere for less than $9.00.  The food is good, not top notch, but you get what you pay for.
I love the fact that they are open late, it's the only place in the square with good food that is open after 10 pm(other than the Market). You can go in after a night out, and gobble up freshly made sandwiches that are made right in front of you, YUM!
It was my first time (hookah)!  So I don't have anything to compare it to.  Although there was something I really didn't like--how stuffy it was.  They placed us in the corner and I had the perfect view of the back of a stranger sitting against the glass outside.  Mm delightful.  Screaming across a tiny table to be heard also got annoying.  They do have some interesting waiters though who like to dance for the customers.
Love this place. I don't know what they use to season the beef and lamb, but it's amazing. All fresh ingredients, never disappointing. It does get crowded and it's tough to get a table sometimes. They make the best kebab's I've ever had from a takeout place. The outdoor seating has a great view of the parking lot and once, while sitting there, I saw this big dude tackle a female cop, shortly before being maced and getting his ass kicked.
Very tasty food and lightning fast service. Your food literally arrives before you pay the cashier. I attribute this to their standardized menu and I think pricing includes tax.

I tried the chicken shawerma (spiced and roasted chicken) and the kafta (ground beef) kabob on another occasion. Both tasted good. The rice is buttery and the food in general is very comparable to what you'd eat in a medditeranean/Lebanese household. Plus their hot sauce is very tasty--I took it home.

The only comparable place is Zankou Chicken--they have these kinds of plate lunches. I prefer Mediterranean Cafe because they include salad, rice, and hommus with every plate. Zankou's portions are bigger but you'd have to spend $15 to include rice & salad with your main dish.
Pretty good & cheap. The falafel is a little overcooked, but hey for the price who is arguing? I think this building was probably a White Castle in a former life.
Horrendous in every way.

Service was non-existent. Food was by far the worst middle eastern food I'd ever had in my life--eggplant hummus that looked that dog vomit, slapped on a plate like dog vomit, and tasted akin to sour cream of wheat. 

Pita bread was cold and came in a plastic baggy. I examined mine for mold it was so bad.

Burger tasted like cafeteria food; beef shwarma sandwich was tough and lacking.
I'm surprised I never reviewed this place because I've been eating here for years and years. The place is known for their chicken for obvious reasons but it's all about the garlic paste that comes with it. If you like white meat go with someone who likes dark and vice versa and order the half chicken then split it. It'll save a few bucks. 

The only thing is sometimes they get all moody when you ask for more garlic paste. I'm telling you, I can eat 3 of those in one sitting and stink for the rest of the day.. but it's all worth it.
A great little spot that undercuts Ann Arbor prices by a bit, yet gives you the quality you expect in this town. I loved the Falafel, the Turkish Coffee, the Kafta, the Tahini Salad, even the atmosphere. It's small, and sometimes crowded, but it just feels cozy. I'll be back for certain.
last time i was in LA, i actually found this place on yelp. my boyfriend and i had 14 friends in town from hawaii who had never tried hookah before since it is nonexistent there. so we tried to find a place that was closest to where we were staying.  upon getting to habibi cafe, the atmosphere seemed pretty cool. the one thing i like about hookah cafes in so cal is that they can be outdoor and have lots of decor and music, which is very different from the indoor hookah cafes in nor cal.  

++ pros:
- even though we had a rather large group, the waiter gladly gave us a huge outdoor couch section. and he helped us open the section up, plug in the lights, etc. it was nice since we could give our tourists a great experience in a nicer setting than just getting tables along the sidewalk.
-- damn, the hookah here is strong, and i feel like i got my money's worth! and the flavors were good too. maybe it's the cap they keep over the hookah. or maybe hookah in socal is just better than in norcal. the flavors were yummy and the hookah even got me lightheaded and it was strong, like i like it.

++ cons:
-- they make you order one drink per person, which is ridiculous. we ordered 3 hookahs, which cost about $25 dollars, which is actually pretty good pricing. however, one drink per person at about $3 dollars each, made our tab come out to about $45 dollars more.
-- service was good when we got there. but when we tried to get help and get our check, it took about a day and a half.
I've been to is Istanbul several times, and tried several different things. We ended up finding a favorites of the chicken Adana sandwich, eggplant w/sauce appetizer and rice pudding for dessert. The food at istanbul  doesn't disappoint, and the service is always great. This is a great place to take people who are visiting Houston!
This review is solely directed to weekend evening outings.  Late-night.

Help!

I paid the small cover charge and walked into what seemed like a tornado - jackets and personal belongings strewn about in all sorts of places, sticky floors from the evening's various drinks that did not make it into one's mouth, lots and lots of people dancing and macking on one another and having themselves quite a rager, with music pumping so loud that thinking straight was not even an option.     I made my way through the crowd after a lot - and I mean a lot - of work, and waited in a bathroom line that took 25 minutes.   Par for the course.   

When my friends and I finally decided that we just weren't having fun, we had the joy of having to play a game of 'find where your coats are now', as mentioned before, personal belongings tend to shift during flight.

We reach safety outside only to see that a party almost the size of the one taking place indoors is hanging out all over the streets around ZuZu.  Screaming girls, drunk people falling on themselves, glazed eyes a-plenty.   This is my neighborhood, I thought to myself.   These are the people in my neighborhood.   Mr. Rogers would find this to be a FAIL.

I chose to take a cab to Brookline and hang out with my friends instead of walking the two or three blocks home because I was so creeped out by the happenings at ZuZu that evening.   I am sure it's a great place otherwise, but this was a little much.   I love getting saucy, but ZuZu had the sketch factor going on and if I wanted a buzzkill, I wouldn't pay a cover for it.
This is hands down the best place to go in Providence for a meditteranean wrap to go! 
I am in love with the tabouli with cucumber sauce, and hot sauce. It is deliciously sweet and spicy and it manages to hold together with all of that lovely sauce.
I am not a huge falafel fan, but several of my friends rave about their falafel.
The ingredients are always fresh and the service is always friendly.
I was yelping for a mediterranean restaurant in the area that wouldn't be too expensive or too far away from home, and good ole' Yelp pulled Saca'd Mediterranean Cuisine out of its magic hat!  So off to Claremont we went!

First of all, I can't believe we've never seen this place before, we're in Claremont all the time, but somehow this one has escaped our attention.  Parking can be somewhat of a challenge there, but Claremont doesn't have a huge downtown, so you can pretty much park anywhere and walk to Saca's in a minute.

On my first time there (yes, I have been back since...hehe), I ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken, I opted for salad on the side instead of fries.  My husband had the shawarma plate.  We also ordered the falafels for an appetizer as we always have to taste the falafels wherever we go, especially if it's home made! 
The falafels were really good, I will definitely try it for a main course in the future.
The rotisserie chicken was ohhh so delicious... but be warned! They sell out!
When we went there last week, there were no more rotisserie chickens left and the wait for the next chickens to be ready was 20 minutes, so I opted for another choice.  Anyway, the rotisserie chicken was a delight to the palate, accompanied by a really great garlic sauce and the traditional pickled turnips.  These are an acquired taste, but now that I'm used to them, I love them and look forward to them whenever we visit a mediterranean restaurant.   So to those who find these turnips strange, keep nibbling at them and you'll soon be craving them ;-)

Their shawarmas are also very good, either in sandwich form or as a plate.  I like getting the plate because you get 2 pita breads plus the salad and of course, that delicious tahini sauce (or garlic sauce).  

The prices here are definitely affordable as the food is high quality and the portion sizes are good.  

Saca's is definitely on the map now! Can't wait to go back for some more falafel ;-)
Wow did this place end up surprising me.

I remember when Bella Pita opened and thinking it was awful. The second, third and fourth times were awful too. I don't know what happened, but it seems like sometime in the fall of 2009, this place turned itself around and became the #1 drunk food spot in Westwood Village overnight.

I regularly order the lamb pita (huge fan of lamb, btw), which they prepare very well. The sauces are all very tasty and of high quality.

Biggest complaint: price. I understand that you're going to charge more for lamb, but for a relatively small pita, $7.50 seems a bit steep. Definitely coming back though.
Summer in the udistrict is fun.  Nice sunny day to walk the whole street and angst about which place to try this time.  I saw the sign for Cedars Middle Eastern Food outdoor take out window just off the main drag and was taken in by the thrill of ordering and receiving food through a window...
Now that I think about it, I suppose that happens everytime we go through a Macdonald's drive through but this is different...you walk to the window...there's a certain charm to that.
Anyways, the owner is friendly and the lamb gyro was decent:  I would liked to have given 2.5 stars but yelp doesn't let me.  But I couldn't give it a 3 because the window service wasn't as fast as I thought it should be...waited about 12 mins. with one other person's order ahead of mine and the portions of the gyro was much smaller than I've had at other gyro serving settings.  To boot, the gyro itself wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked.
All in all, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here but it's decent food from a fun window at an economical price ($4.50) .
This place is amazing. The inside is small but not dark or unappealing.  The back gets a lot of good natural light and only has a few tables so its not very loud.  They have a good assortment of Teas (I think its Tazo).

I ordered a appetizer of Tabouli, it was incredible fresh and delicious.  It was a bit messy however with juices finding their way all over the table.  Anything ordered here will be absolutely amazing.
I stopped by here to grab lunch to go. I didn't find the service to be rude; the guy at the register was friendly to me and the customers before. Maybe it's because it's still early? I got here little past noon on a Sat. Anyway, I ordered a Kefta Plate and it was delicious. The only thing I didn't really care for was the salad. I think next time I would ask to substitute it for something else. I must say the pita bread was very fresh. It's not as thick as other places (like Zankou) and still soft when it has cooled down (+1 star for that alone). I'll be back for sure.
We came here during a lazy afternoon. Almost no ppl in the restaurant. 
We didn't know what to order, the boy was kind and patient. I enjoy the 'soybean ball' (I forgot the official name), it tastes good.
Also the bread was good too. Overall the food we ordered was good.
And I enjoy sitting in the soft sofa!!
I still am not sure which place I was actually in, this was the first place to come up with the check-in proximity evaluation device.

So I asked the girls next to me, and they didnt know- all they said was there was an "upstairs", which was "back there" and a "downstairs" which was "out there" and also a "next door" which was "over there"... 

so Im still clueless, but they did inform me that the band on the rather regular def flatscreen above me was not the band playing the music becuase "we are from Weymouth and thats where they are from" -  I still dont know whom they were referring to .
p.s. 
I think I saw Aesop Rock here 6 or 7 years ago somewhere in this abashment. It was Loud.
My husband and I do love us some Sabra. We always get the Chicken Shwarma plate and for $10, you can't do better. The parsley salad is great, the garlic is amazing and the grape leaves are perfect. This is our fave go-to for fast food that is consistently good. While the ambiance is nothing to write home about, it is what it is. We generally do takeout and enjoy our chicken in the comfort of our home. But seriously, where else can you get a big plate of delicious and healthy takeout for $10?? I maintain that this place rules.
No bad, not bad at all. 

I know nothing about Lebanese food but my wife does....we both left saying "damn that was good". The toum (garlicky goodness) was one of the best things I have ever eaten. 

The place has  a lot of seating but my impression was this is a two person operation; husband and wife. Don't go here expecting fine dining. Do go expecting very friendly service and amazing food.
Average Mediterraninean Cuisine. A great place to grab food on the run. They'll pump out your order hella quick. I insanely crowd @ lunch and recommend avoiding it unless you're ordering to go.
Definitely a fan of this place. I've only eaten here and have never done the music thing. Regardless, the food is good (forgot what I had; it was something I've never seen before, some kind of lamb sausage) and I think this was the first time I had good cous cous. The service was pretty good; not super, but good enough.

I think the only thing that was slightly unsettling was that the bread came wrapped in plastic. Other than that it's all good.
The food here is good and filling... The location is great and convenient, right in the village. I got the lamb shawerma plate and my wife got like a half chicken plate... everything was good. The salad had fresh lettuce and arranged nicely. The meat was moist and tender. Everything was good. Food takes a while to come out though.

I do agree with Giao T. in that the atmosphere of the place needs some modifications. Styrofoam plates need to go, unless they're selling $5 plates... the tables/chairs seem very fast food like, makes the whole place look cheap.
This was the first place I ever ate in Seattle. They were really nice to me (maybe bc they knew I was some type of middle eastern) and the food was delicious. It was so cheap too!
I had high hopes for the Thai falafel based on other reviews but the pita was tough, the lettuce was wilted and there wasn't any particular "Thai" flavor to it that I could discern. I ended up eating the noodles, cabbage and falafel as a salad.

There is a variety of seating...some tables for two, some larger tables, a couple of booths and even a sofa. They sell a variety of candy. $.23 for one red Swedish Fish...perfect when you just need a tiny sweet after lunch. 

I'm generally a fan of Tom's falafel, tabouli and hummus. Although today's Thai falafel was a big disappointment (and I'm still hungry), I'll be back.
Honestly, the best falafel wrap I have ever had. I miss working so close to Thayer and being able to run down during lunch. If you work in the area note that they take call in orders and the service has always been quick and friendly even when the line is out of the door.
Coffee & tea are great but service is questionable.  The waitress bumped our glass of water and spilled it all over me.  It took her a moment before she (1) placed the check on the table, (2) apologized, and (3) finally asked if I'd like a napkin.  I understand that these things happen -  I am fairly clumsy and spill things on everyone myself - but I was surprised with her reaction.  If earlier that day, you had asked me what I would expect a classy place like Algiers to do when this happens, I would have expected some combination of: (1) comp my iced tea, (2) bring out a free muffin or something, or (3) proactively give me napkins.  Fortunately, it was sunny out so I didn't catch a chill, and my jeans dried quickly.
First time eating falafel. Absolutely worth a crowded bus trip to get to it. The falafel roll up with everything on it, especially the sauce, is really good. Not for those that need a spic and span clean place to eat.
An absolutely divine place in Harvard Square.

Enjoyed the decor, a bite of chocolate cake, and shared some house mint tea with peeps. 

DEFINITELY returning very soon....

lovelovelovelovelove it....
Tabloule, hummus and grape leaves were good.  This is ok for fast food Mediterranean but not the best.
eating my cambridge breakfast at brookline lunch, it occurred to me that there are few places like this in the city: cheap and yummy comfort food located a mere block away from the central square t stop. the service is slow, but friendly. 

came here with friends that i hadnt seen in months, so we didnt notice that it took at least 15 minutes for our waitress to bring the check after we asked for it. and they get extra credit for displaying paintings from out of the blue gallery.
This place is FAST and friendly. Definitely a great place for a quick lunch if you're in Pasadena. I went toward the end of the lunch rush, and it was packed, but I still got my food in less than a minute. By all means, to get the best of this place, you have to get some meat. I eat a lot of mediterranean food, and I'd have to say that the hummus, grape leaves, tabouli, and lentils are no more than average, and I wasn't impressed with their falafel. BUT the chicken schwarma was pretty good, and I love generous portions of garlic sauce. So put it all together and you've got a fairly tasty meal, especially if you're in a hurry. By the time I was about to leave, the lunch crowd had died down and there was plenty of seating available. Ah, if only I had timed it differently I could have been eating outside on a nice day, but instead I was inside at the last space on the counter, staring at the wall. I ate some of my food there, and got a pita sandwich to go, which is great if you sometimes eat while you're driving, like I do. I really only think this is 3 star food, but the quick and friendly service make me want to rate it higher.
For shows - it is okay. But my friends and I came in here tonight for drinks and had less than great service. Luckily, they were able to seat 10 of us. Unfortunatley, we did not realize sitting in the seats would make it so we could not order from the bar. When the waitress informed us of this, she walked up, and said we would have to leave if we ordered from the bar. Then she immediatley walked away. Considering the way she practically ran away from us, I thought we had been kicked out at first. I was not the only one who thought as much. Luckily, she did come back, and service was okay after that (minus the fact she missed one of my friends ,who kept trying to get her attention). At one point, I was going to the bathroom and overheard her talking about our table. She was like, "They're 'buddying' up." She quickly stopped the convo after I got in line, but I had asked her earlier if it was okay if we got seperate checks since I wanted to make things work out. She said it was fine. Hearing the end of a conversation with your waitress talking about you? Not so great. Anyway, I left over a 20 percent tip - my friends accidentally left less. Well, a lot less, which I got pretty angry at them about. But it was, in reality, probably what she deserved. Upon recieving it, she came up, slammed the money down, and started yelling at them. I know it was their fault, and totally an accident.. but keep in mind, this is coming from someone who has never tipped below 15 percent.  I would have hoped for her handling the situation better.. especially considering the service and the fact that 2 of the groups had overtipped .
I am a huge fan of the Taste of India. I love that joint. I love the little fried donuts (Gulob Jamin! As fun to say as it is to eat!) Their Tikka Masala is freakin' awesome. The chai? Forgetaboutit.

So when I heard that this place was run by the same crew, I got pretty excited. I mean, twice the love, right?

Wrong.

A group of friends went here on Friday and the place was packed. I don't think we got there before 8, and it was still packed. We had a large group, and they seated us without issue, so bonus, but the place was super tight and it was hard to maneuver around. I have been a waiter, and I worked in restaurants for years. There is a secret art to dealing with large tables. For one, you bribe your drink people to pay extra-special attention to them. For second, you bribe your bus-boys to pay extra special attention to them. A healthy table of broken ticket parties will get you a fat tip if you play them right. These guys need some lessons.

The first round of drinks came out just fine, even though we waited a bit to get them ordered. However, those of us with the endless chai (delicious, by the way) only got 2 refills during the whole course of the meal. And I think water was refilled maybe three table-wide. The apps took a while to order, but they were delicious once they landed.

Now, what is normally the course of action for empty appetizer plates when the main course comes out? Yeah... we were staring at those damned plates all night. Also, when the waiter took the order, he didn't bother to label the person who ordered what. Normally you'd assign a chair a number and then go clockwise or counter-clockwise or something when writing down. And when the food comes out, the waiter that wrote that crap down would come with it to point out what should go were. 

But no, not here my friend. No-no...

I learned a few valuable lessons at this visit. One, the food is indeed just as good at Cedars as it is at Taste of India. Two, Butter Masala, Chicken Masala and Tikka Chicken Masala are all almost the same. And three, it is way better to go to the Taste of India for maintaining sanity.
I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The falafel wraps, shawarma, greek salad, salty french fries - it's all good.  I've worked in Kendall Square for a few too many years and there isn't another lunch option that I like even half as much.  

The special of the day usually looks appetizing, but I've yet to ever try one of them because they're never labeled.  Some day...
Absolute comfort food for whatever mood required comforting.

Healthy portions, fresh condiments, everything to order and as per your request, and quick quick to boot.  Everything is delicious, but I pretty much alternated for 3 years between the gyro and kafta which were just laden with awesomely (is that a word?) seasoned and grilled portions of meat.

Don't overlook the splendid variety of baklava nestled by the cash register.  Try one, try many - but hey, why even bother trying to choose at all? Get one of each, they are all sublime!

East Side Pockets, how I miss you!
I liked this place.  I had the falafel plate, which turned out to be a good choice, as it was one of the tastiest falafels I've tried in my life.  I was satisfied with the baba, which I had as a starter, but I was mildly disappointed in he hummus and rice "pilaf" (which was actually more like yellow rice and less like pilaf).  I thought the service was great....the waitress was very helpful in helping me choose something in my moment of indecisiveness.  The prices were very reasonable, especially given the generous portions.
I live about a block away from this place and wanted some to-go food. They have a window on the side of their restaurant for quick orders. However my falafel and gyro took forever to come out.

The food tasted good, however the portions were way too small. I expected bigger falafels and gyros for 4 bucks a piece.

I would come back to this place if I'm in the mood.
A very popular place among the college kids for a good reason! This place serves delicious fresh falafal and kebob wraps for a great price. That's why there is always a line! A good place to try if you're making a trip to Brown's campus and thayer street. There is a decent amount of seating in the back.
Very nice hookahs, but the waiters don't know how to put tobacco inside (stuff too much inside). very nice place though. no alcohol served.
really damn good. 

I had to pick up a reader for school at cal copy, and this is in the same plaza so I finally stopped in! It is a small place, not really good for going with a group of people or anything. But it is definitely worth it to stop in and try. I've been meaning to check this place out for a while and finally did and I'm not disappointed. 

I got the house special kabob plate and I would definitely recommend it to others. the meat is so tender and seasoned very well, the rice is yummy too. and theres a lil salad and grilled veggies (i got grilled tomatoes). you also get a side of cucumber yogurt. 

It did take them like 10 minutes to make, so I waited and read a book, but it was really pleasant to smell them cooking everything right there and being able to watch them if i wanted to. I will definitely be going back.
A nice place for coffee or brunch, a little noisy though.
Their middle eastern food is actually very good and authentic, though the portions are usually pretty small. A little over-priced, but a nice experience overall.
my husband had the shawarmi gyro and it was very tasty.   i had the chicken gyro and it was also great.  cheap eats that satisfy the taste buds.  no beer, unfortunately.  
cozy lebanese atmosphere, but i see how it can get crowded fast.  for that, i will say not family friendly.
Note: They don't actually deliver even though Yelp says they do.
Consistently good food.  I love both the Adana kebab and Tavuk (chicken) kebab.  My friend loves the pide (Turkish pizza).
In the heart of college life, Kismet Cafe provides you with all aspects of simple food that you expect: affordable, fast, and no-frills. I will say that the delivery here is fast and efficient. I placed my order online, and it was at my door in approximately 27 minutes.

The mezze platter was fairly small for ~$10, but it was certainly satisfying. It came with a few dolmas, some tabbouleh , tomato salad, hummus, baba ganouj, kibbe, 2 falafel, and a pita to round it out. Backwards: the pita was a bit dry, the falafel and kibbe were a bit too dense, and the baba and hummus were OK--though I did not particularly enjoy the canola-looking oil on top; I really enjoy the pale green olive oil so many Greek restaurants use.

The tomato salad and tabbouleh were OK, nothing special.

College kids, take note. This is certainly your cup of tea. It is open to 4AM, so any time you have the munchies for something mediocre but affordable, head on over!
So, after 6 years in the area, and three right near Central Square, I was embarrassed to have never visited this place. I made a pilgrimage on a sunny spring day, and it definitely met my standards.

The falafel was just about right - not too dry or greasy, and pretty much the right mixture of stuff. Maybe not the perfect falafel, but it was darned good.
This is basically Med fast food, and it does that incredibly well. The prices are average-- not expensive, but not what I'd call cheap-- but on the other hand, they give you an absolutely enormous quantity of really delicious food. My friend and I could have easily split a platter, and we were both ravenous when we came.

The building is quite small, but the decor is cute and the overall impression is clean and pleasant. The staff were friendly and joked with us when we ordered, and the food came out pretty quickly. You order at a counter and bus your own tables... which adds to the speed. 

It seems like every meal comes with hummus and pita, both of which were extremely good; the hummus creamy, the pita soft and warm. The falafel (they give you eight, which is crazy) are delicious but very fried, which is probably why they're so filling. The tahini was decent, not amazing-- same with the potato salad and cucumber/tomato salad-- but oh man, the falafel and hummus. Fries also quite good. And you can get tons of crunchy pickles for free!

I wish we had something like this in Columbus-- quick, tasty, and filling.
I am drooling thinking about this place.
I always get the #9 - beef and lamb gyro.
It's amazing.
You can get it spicy if you want.
A can of Coke goes so well with it.
Their french fries are good if you want more food.
Awesomest gyros ever.
I miss this place so much. :'(  I've moved out of Westwood and have not been able to go to Bella Pita, but I crave it very often!

Their chicken wowshi and kabab pita are so delicious and are my favorite.  I always get the same thing when I go!

Although there's not much seating in this little establishment, I would go out of my way for it whenever I'm in the area.  In fact, I'm going to be in Westwood tomorrow and I am for sure going to Bella Pita to get my kabab pita and chicken wowshi!

This place is amazing.  Such great food for cheap!  I wish I had found this place earlier, but I never paid any attention to it because it was small and almost hidden and unnoticeable.  One day, I just decided to try it out because a friend told me that I MUST go, so I went with my bf.  We went there several times. :D  mmm mm so so so good!  I wish I had more time in Westwood so that I could go to Bella Pita at least once a week and get my Mediterranean cuisine fix!
Walked in on a toursity whim. One guy, for dinner please. Staff seemed to be well loved by regulars. Lots of hugs and smiles, funky ambience mixing sports bar, body canvas people and spanish restaurant architecture. BUT- As a restaurant, get a clue! Lost my order for 45 min. Brought me the wrong stuff. I wanted to order Harissa on the side, I was told the grape leaves came with it. They come with yogurt. I like yogurt, and this one was home made, but harissa it aint. Check was wrong, too. Food- middle of the road. Have had better at my grocery store hummus bar. I should have gone to the vegetarian place down the street. My bad.
Great place for a casual lunch or early dinner. Vegetarian options were a little limited, but the falafel was easily some of the best I've ever had. Samir is an awesome, friendly guy and it's a wonderful family feel inside. Definitely nothing fancy, but its fun, cheap and delicious.
Since writing this review, I'm going to update my rating to 5 stars. I have indeed found a veggie option here that rocks my world: the Mjaddara. It rocks my world. Lately I've been pairing it with the equally awesome lentil soup and having a filling healthy-ish lunch (we won't count the baklava which by itself is worth a 5 star rating and a billion calories). Possibly my favorite dining locale in the A2.
A great spot across the street from the UC Berkeley campus. I've eaten here several times and tasted a few things on the menu, though my favorite (by far) is the regular falafel. The falafel is nice and crispy, the bread is warm and the pita is stuffed with fresh veggies, hummus and tahini. The hummus was a new addition to falafel for me-- I thought all those garbanzo beans might be a bit much. But it was delicious!

I've also tried the dolma (great, especially after sitting the fridge for a day), a pita with lamb in it (eh) and the avocado falafel. The avocado was a nice addition, but it wasn't particularly ripe, so i wouldn't drop the extra cash for it. The regular falafel is definitely enough food/flavor.

The guys who work here are also pretty nice. They take their time preparing your meal, which gives you time to read over all the reviews and awards on the wall. There are a few tables inside, but I strongly recommend taking your food to-go and eating it somewhere on campus. Great meal for a beautiful summer day!
No need for me to add more than what other Garden fans have written other than yum.  I love the food.  Also, big kudos to my favorite server Martin.  He rocks!
I've actually never had Moby's before today so I can't compare this new location with their stand-alone establishments, but this place is easily the best meat-lovers place to eat in the Stamp Student Union.  Today was their second day open and they were running pretty smoothly, even though at times ordering felt a bit frantic.  I ordered the spicy ground chicken kabob platter, which options include either salad, rice, or 1/2 salad 1/2 rice.  I opted for the 1/2 & 1/2 combo to try a bit of both.  Their platter also came with a little serving of yogurt cucumber sauce and 1/2 a large pita.  I was shocked to see a man actually baking their pita on a stone in the back, especially since it's a food court place and I assume these things would just be brought in.  The pita itself was slightly chewy, fresh, and pretty hardy.  The real winner of the dish, though, was the chicken.  The spicy ground chicken wasn't spicy like hot spicy, but had a lot of spices and flavor to it, not to mention the fact that it was incredibly tender.  It reminded me of a chicken version of kofta kabob, actually.  The portions were huge too - two long pieces of chicken that I couldn't finish all of, even though I was really hungry.  The salad was standard but had a couple blocks of feta cheese in it, which, we all know that cheese makes many people very happy.  Thank goodness the Stamp decided to bring Moby's to UMD - it makes eating on campus a little more worthwhile.
I loved the falafel. It was so good and flavorful... Seasoned perfectly. The fries were fried the perfect amount. I'm totally into their beer selection and how friendly our server was. I asked him a bunch of rando questions not having to do with anything about our meal and he was more than happy to answer them for me. I also liked the music playing in the background and the atmosphere in general. I'll definitely go back.
I was originally going to give this place 3 stars but after seeing a situation with a customer and the staff willing to make them a brand new wrap they deserve that extra star. You've got to love a place willing to give you exactly what you want the way you want it if you're not happy, even though it wasn't their fault.

For a number of times I've had to elude this place. Central Square though vibrant with various dine-in eateries actually doesn't have many places open for takeout after hours. And I've many a time gone in and leave because of the sheer volume of people who want a schwarma at 9PM. Most of their wraps are decently priced at $6. Sometimes I like to imagine a place open at 2AM and not next to a bar might very well be selling some crack. But no, this place just sells some really good food. (Those of you looking for crack should probably eat here too. It's cheaper but can be just as addictive.)

I've had the lamb, chicken and kafka roll-ups. I was a bit disappointed in their falafel. That's supposed to be a staple food and the one time I did try it seemed hard to chew and the salad that comes with it was not that good.  In all though this place is good for lunch, dinner or that 2AM hangover when the bars stop pouring and you don't want pizza. While I praise all food that comes in wrap form you can go without if you're counting those carbs.
Ate here only once. Didnt quite like their vegetarian stuff. Ok taste.
my friends loved their meat stuff...so it is probably a great place for the meatatarians.
This place is seriously delicious. It's fast, cheap, and filling. It's a great replacement (almost, but not quite) for New York's Halal Cart on 56th and even the hot sauce tastes similar to it. 

I got the Chicken Shawerma Wrap for $5.25, which includes sliced Chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, garlic spread, wrapped in a warm pita. FYI, I asked the man what the difference between Shawerma wrap and Chicken kebab wrap was, and he said Shawerma is a mix of both white and dark meat. Kebab just includes white meat.

In any event. this is a place to go if you crave good (and cheap) Mediterranean food. Make sure to ask for lots of hot sauce and the white sauce!
Falalfel and lamb sandwiches....so juicy! Also freshly fried and piping hot, perfect on a chilly day. One of best and flavorful ones I've had! One man running the show too! I wish I came here for lunch, I'd order 2!!
Went downstairs to see buckethead.  It was a little bit crowded and felt somewhat claustrophobic especially for a 6' 3" guy like me.

Buckethead was great as always, however as always my complaint in Cambridge are the pint prices.

In addition the sound was ueberloud and I had a tinnitus for the next day.

But, thats all what you have to take into consideration when going out.  I would go again if the band warrants my appearance.
I love it when I find cheap good eats.  I was with a group of coworkers trying to find a lunch place.  It's right in the thick of the university area and you could tell it was good when you see a lot of students come in to grub.  I"ve only been to this place once, but I ordered the gyro wrap and at first I thought this isn't going to fill me up, but I was full at the end and that yogurt sauce is pretty good here.  Now I'm wondering if they have a super spicier version of that.  I haven'tr tried anything else, but if I'm back here I'll try everything else.  I saw someone order one of the combos and they give you a load of food.  it's probably enough to share with another person.  Thanks my new Providence gyro place.
so i have been driving by this location for years and finally decided to stop and grab some food after 3 straight hours of bikram yoga. 

i had no clue what to order so the girl at the counter told me to order the combo plate. holy smokes...so for like 11 bucks you get a few meals in one tray. luckily i ordered it to go because this portion of food was for a giant. i couldn't even finish the food after i had it for lunch/dinner. 

the chicken tarna is unbelievably yummy. the yogurt dip and the hummus..amazing. the hummus was one of the best i've had and would prbly just get a bowl of this with some pita and eat away. the garlic spread, should've asked for more. i only got one and wished i had
the best falafel ever!!  even better--this place stays open late.  If you are starving and on something of a budget this place is a good bet for a great meal.  There's not much seating and they can get crowded, but the fast service ensures this is usually not a problem.
Sabra is a close comfort near school, where I'd get some food whenever I have late night meetings.  They're a small family business.  I typically get the chicken plate or the beef plate, and haven't branched out too much.
I've had the following on various visits:
  * Chicken Shawarma pita wrap
  * Falafel wrap, with grape leaves side
  * Veggie feast

Each time, I'm amazed at how fast they get the food ready.  These guys should teach a course on JIT manufacturing ;-)

Great food, great service, nice ambiance.  Hidden gem.
Everything was good.  Affordable prices and the portions are pretty big.  My favorite thing that I always get is their Eggplant Marinara Stew (comes with rice, salad, etc)
I went to pick up a couple to-go orders for friends and when I got back I found out they'd charged me for (and sent with me) food that none of us had ordered.

When I asked for my money back, they suggested they give me a store credit instead.  I insisted that I wanted my money back and they refused to send a delivery driver to get the food/bring my cash.  I had to travel all the way back to the store (with the extra/unwanted food) and that was my last experience with Ahmo's.  No friendly apology when i got there either.

I know they're cheap, but you can spend your dollars elsewhere and get the same caliber of food.

I just started my yelp account or else I would've posted this long ago.
ok, i really don't understand what's so great about this place. i love mediterranean/middle eastern food...but no, not zankou...i really wanted to like this place. it's relatively cheap, fast and not absolutely terrible for you. the hummus or garlc sauce or whatever on my chicken shwarma made it almost inedible for me.  i won't be going back anytime soon.

that being said, a lot of people swear by this place...
At one point I was a steady regular. Back when I lived in West Campus, I ate here at least every week. It's one of the few places on the drag I still go back to.

The pitas are great for lunch. My personal favorite is the fried kibbe. And the french fries are pretty good too. But the P-3 platter is the bomb. Mixed lamb and chicken with jasmine rice, hummus, tzatziki, and pita bread. A bit pricey at $8-9 but well worth it.
I love hummus for many of the same reasons as other yelpers.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  

Added bonus, their delivery service (although slow, be prepared to wait up to an hour) is awesome.  Tonight I ordered delivery but when I opened my pita sandwich I saw that it was the wrong kind of chicken.  I simply called them directly, explained the situation, and the driver was back at my house in 20 minutes with the correct sandwich.  No hassle, no problems.
The food here is a 3.5 to 4 stars. As others have said, it's not real original, but it's well done. What really gives it the 5-star rating is the people and the prices. 

Every time I've been in there, whoever's behind the counter has been nothing but welcoming and helpful. When you're there, you feel like friends of the family. They actually cooked up a sample of something for us to try since we weren't sure about it. 

Normally it costs about $20 when my fiancée and I grab dinner at a less-expensive restaurant. At Tom's, we end up spending $15 with at tip. The Falafel wrap is an easy $4.50, and it's only $0.50 to add a good portion of fries to that. Iced tea is $1.35, versus the usual $2. 

* Note: Tom's and the neighboring businesses have a PARKING LOT so you can actually find parking here, which is nice when you're at lunch and need to hurry back to work! *

GoLocal cardholders, you can get a free side of fries with your order!
Had the vegetarian platter for two. It had falafel, hummus, tabouli, grape leaves, salad, and pita. It wasn't quite enough food for two people. At $10, probably should have just gotten two individual plates for a few dollars more. The hummus and falafel were both very good. My falafel was not microwaved, but she gave us only two falafel balls. One per person is not really enough. I'm not a huge fan of stuffed grape leaves, and next time I'd ask for more falafel instead of the grape leaves. The baklava was outstanding. Drippy and syrupy like I like it. It had a strong rose water flavor, which I don't often find in baklava in the US. Very convenient and inexpensive.
The suicide sauce is under the counter and really spicy. If you're lucky, they're playing Arab music videos on the TV. Man, this place rules.
I grew up in Providence and was raised on scrumptious wraps and falafels from here! Whenever we got takeout, it would be from this immaculately clean and friendly shop. 

Waits can be a bit long when college students are in town. You can always call ahead for takeout! Generally very quick service though. 

I would recommend highly: falafel with pita and various sauces, the signature chicken wrap, the chicken caesar wrap, the falafel wrap, and the chicken-fingers-with-fries meal!! Fresh and delicious ingredients all-around.
The garlic sauce paste makes everything taste good. I'll dip anything in that paste. Tad bit of advice, don't go on a date after eating there.
Dropped in for a quick early dinner on a Saturday night and the place was not packed. I did notice the numerous awards that Ali Baba has been recognized for hanging up in the entrance. Ordered the humus to split for an appetizer and I had the stuffed beef eggplant with a side salad. Generous portions, good prices and delicious foods. I intended to not eat so much but I ate up everything! Waiter was attentive and friendly. I do feel like the decor has brought me back to my nursery school days though I'm glad I stopped on by.
After Sasha, Tarah and I gchatted for HOURS (seriously) about where to eat in Central, we landed on Zuzu's. Good choice ladies!

I liked: 
The decor - love the lighting and the atmosphere it supplies. For some reason, the layout reminded me of Brown and Brew at Tufts (well spaced out but still cozy). 
The bartender's hair. Awesome. 
The crowd - if there is a "Cambridge flavor" Zuzu's has it in spades. Very hip. 
The food - SO good. Our babaganush had these great feta undertones. My spinach feta thingies had a subtle lemon flavor to it. My falafel was very good (albeit a big over friend, but still delicious) and Sasha's salad was tasty (I think I am getting that next time). Everyone enjoyed the spiced pita as well.
The service. Our food was a little slow to come out (maybe it felt like that bc I was starving, not sure) but after that, not one problem. Glasses were filled, jokes were made, cards were split, change was made.

There really wasn't much to complain about. The menu is kind of limited, but I don't really see that as a problem. Maybe if you were a vegetarian, you could only get a few dishes, but I tried some of those dishes and they are really good.

I will be back for the salad and the tangines!
I used to really enjoy Habibi's. but that was when we would always get the VIP lounge. the VIP lounge is twenty dollars a person, but it is the only way you will have a good experience at this place. if you spend the 10 or 15 dollars to sit in the main room you will be treated like livestock. when we sat down in the main room, we were asked to move tables, and they finally put us down at a table where i literally had to put my elbow on the next persons table to sit comfortably, the the waiter who was way too busy, forgot all about our food and hookah orders, and to top it off the jerkoff owner actually came up to us and asked us if we wouldnt mind leaving because he needed room for a large party that had just arrived, this was after us only being there 30 minutes, and he tries to kick us out for his friends. 


my reccomendation is to drive a bit further to winnetka and go to the blue nile in winnetka on winnetka ave. the owners are great, they have the nicest waitresses around, better food, and much much better prices.
The atmosphere is super fun, was treated by a friend and really enjoyed the Middle Eastern music and club mixes. We were able to try different hookah flavors, and sipped on mint tea. Probably not the best parking (meter or lot) but enjoyed the communal seating and watching everyone interact.
Hands down the best chicken shawarma I've ever had in my entire life!  This is one of those places where you totally feel at home and never have a disappointing experience.  The staff is super friendly and are always willing to go the extra mile to make your food unforgettable.  My family and I have been fans for the past 6-7 years at least.  I've had the chicken shawarma (obviously) and the falafel, both of which have been amazing and super filling.  The garlic spread they use is a MUST on any item (you can even order a side of it and take it home).  If you're a spice fiend like me, get the chicken shawarma with extra garlic spread and spicy - you will cry tears of joy with every bite.
It may be run by a Turkish dude but the waiters and cooks are Jordanian and Egyptian, which means pretty authentic stuff.  This is some of the best shawarma I've had in Manhattan, and their mezze/appetizer place is the real deal.  Ample servings of tahini for your falafel, which is of course the best accompaniment for any good falafel (something other falafel non-truck joints seem not to understand).  Their ful is also about as good as it gets, and desserts abound and are very tasty.  You may find better falafel outside of Manhattan, but as far as this borough goes, you're not going to find better.  And trust me, I've tried.
One of my go to lunch trucks on Penn's campus and definitely my favourite.   The falafels are perfect and I recently tried the vegetarian platter which also had hummus and babaganoush which were also very good.

Best thing about this truck is the owner now.  He's so friendly!  He always greets me with "Hello Pretty!" and when he gives me my order he tells me that he made it just like me, fresh and nice!  Although this sounds slightly creepy, it really isn't!  He has a very loyal following on campus and it's easy to see why.  

Great food and service, definitely one to try if you are in the area.
Came here a few weeks ago for book club. Same great coffee and good service. The food was very tasty - simply and flavorful. I great place for good food and not too much money. Good for a long lingering lunch or a quick pit stop when you are running around the square.
This place is cheaper than the Boston Mission! 


Some lazy friends from Somerville, had me drag my ass across the river for brunch ... and I'm glad. I think the breakfast menu topped out at about $4.95, and not $800.00, like the Centre Street Cafe (boo- hiss!) I had a delightful omelet with toast and home-fries. It was great, but I would have liked a heads up on the menu, saying it would be covered in some GROSS grilled vegetable medley. I fucking HATE Mushrooms!

After picking those off, it was super.

One of my friends ordered her eggs "over easy", and they were near raw. It looked like someone cracked an egg on a hot plate, and folded it over. I told her to take it home, because I was going to make cookies later ... :( **** Plz cook them longer, thankiez.

There wasn't a long wait to to be seated (at 2:00 pm on a Sunday). I think there was one waitress, though. After about 10 minutes, she asked what we wanted for drinks... we wanted to fucking ORDER! We were STARVING at that point. 

The menu also has a variety of salads and sandwiches that are double cheap!

I'd totez go here again! Our total was $16 for 3 people + beverages... oh, shit... I don't think they had ANY kind of liquor (mimosas or bloody marys) ... :( don't forget to flask it!
One of the few venues that is not part of the Lyons empire.  Great place to see bands upstairs or down.  The belly dancing shows in the bakery are fun, but the space is so small it's hard to watch the dancers.
The food was very good and the service was good too.  The only reason I only went there once is because I am a poor college student and the prices are a bit expensive.  The food is very similar to Bombay Grill (I've heard it's the same owners) but the prices were a little high for me.
Ordered the falafel sandwich two weeks ago. 

The good:
- Nicely portioned
- Good accompaniment of tomato & fixins -- what I want & expect 
- thin pita bread

The bad:
- Falafel a little mealy and very oily -- definitely not cooked in hot enough oil

The ugly:
- Server went back & forth from working register & taking money to handling & prepping food. Without washing his hands. 

Patrons seemed to enjoy their meals, but don't think I'll be back unless some hygiene 101 is incorporated ...
this place is just delicious! and fast..the hummus is one of the best i've had. thanks for the reviews that led me here.
- Locale Destination - 
It's on Gayley Ave and Missouri Ave in Westwood. 

I can't write anything about this section since it was brought to me as a To-Go order. It's nice that they are open very late. 


- Gluttony Expedition - 
** If you read other reviews, basically you can pick and choose your toppings like "Subway". The spicy sauce is supposed to be very spicy but I didn't see any of those ;(

Chicken wowshi: The pita was a bit softer than normal pita. (Not fluffy like the ones at "Daphne's".) Chicken itself was moist but a bit "chicken" odor. No garlic. It definitely lacked in flavors. But I didn't put any sauce nor hummus (due to my friend got it for me).. But still I prefer the chicken from "Zankou Chicken" to this. 

The side garnishes: The beets were light and tasty, though I'm not a fan of beets in general. It's not as pink as the one at "Zankou". Sliced pickles were a bit too thin and looked sad. Meh. 


- Conqueror's Deduction - 
I googled the definitions of "wowshi". But it seemed like "the chicken/lamb/beans/ ground beef sandwich" with a pita. But you have choices - either a "pita" or "wowshi" when you order.... I don't know what makes the difference between them.

LA Weekly called it "BEST wowshi in LA" - Shame on you. Neither this pita nor sandwich is impressive at all. What's the hype all about?! I don't know. I won't come back here for sure. You can get a way better "WOWSHI" in OC for sure.
as far as persian food goes, i'm like a california roll eater for japanese food. i barely know anything about persian food, mediterranean culture, whatever... but i think this place is pretty good. good lunch spot for under $10 in westwood. i know a great falafel place, literally hole in the wall falafel joint in east village in NYC - falafel king is not that fantastic, i know that much. 

Shish chicken kabob plate combo, falafel in pita combo are my favorite so far. i'm gonna try sawarma next time. 
you can choose 2 sides with plate combo, i like spicy eggplants and hummus. chips that come with are super greasy and crispy, i couldn't stop eating somehow. ridiculous.
Eating at Falafel Palace is a good idea, whether or not you are wasted. It's just that when you do happen to be wasted, it is an even better idea.

I am a big fan of the vegatarian combo, which includes falafel (with tahini sauce), hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganouj, greek salad, and pita bread. It is not only delicious, but also relatively healthy... which means you won't feel gross the next day, even if you eat it at 3 in the morning and promptly fall asleep on the nearest horizontal surface.

Location can't be beat; prices are excellent. The only down side is that there can be quite a bit of a wait right after the bars let out. Expect to wait at least 20 minutes regardless of what you order.
"You've never had a falafel?!!", my friend asked incredulously as we considered dinner plans during a visit in the mid-90's.  "Well, you've got to try one!"

I live in Baltimore but am usually in Southern California at least once a year.  If I am even close to LA I will always make sure to get to Falafel King.  Since that first visit, I have longed for anything close to that experience nearby, but no falafel hut or kabob joint ever even comes close.  In fact, my friend Fed-Ex'd me a few for my 30th birthday and it was THE BEST birthday present EVER.

The choices of toppings stands out to me as well as their unique chips.  The tahini sauce is something I've never seen matched anywhere else, either.  It's just all around yummy and it drives me crazy that there isn't one on this coast.

If you are ever in the area, do yourself a favor and enjoy the best falafel you'll ever find.
The falafels at Falafel Corner are pretty standard.  Sides like grape leaves are average too.
The most sexy coffeehouse in New England. What else do you want from me?

Also, there are four or five small tables on their roof patio. Catch one if you can!
Good sized portions of great, fresh food for very little money.  Yummy salad, very good falafel, great eggs.  Very veggie friendly, but good for meat eaters too - boyfriend loves any chicken dish on the menu.  Wait can be long, they've got weird hours and they often run out of stuff.  Usually only one waitress working the entire room, so be patient - it's worth it.  I haven't noticed any sanitation issues and I've been to the bathroom - it's tiny but absolutely fine.

Update - we sat for such a long time on our last visit before the waitress was able to get over to us that I almost wrote the place off for good, but when she returned with our food (always great) and some amazing jam with star anise and some other incredibly yummy but unidentifiable stuff in it, I had to say I was hooked for life.  I wobbled my way home one handed on my bike just so I could carry some leftover jam.  MMMM.
Definitely the best Middle Eastern food in the immediate campus area. I've had the falafel sandwich, which is scrumptious--the falafels are wonderfully crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside--and also a lavash wrap, which was not as tasty, disappointingly. Stick to the falafel! I would like to think that I know good falafel, having been to Israel; the same entree here can never compete, simply because it's so much more pricey and unnecessarily "gourmet," while it has street food status in Israel (where they also put fries in your sandwich!) But Sunrise Deli offers a satisfying meal for a competitive price. I can't imagine why students would choose fast/chain food when this lovely little eatery is in the vicinity. A few weeks ago I commenced to drool when I encountered the wonderfully savory smell of falafels cooking early in the morning while walking up Bancroft to class.
Love it! Great Mediterranean food. When it comes to Boston there is not much I know. But I went here and I'm glad I did.

The way the story pans out is... my friend and I went here to a 60's dance party night. We were referred by our friend Professor Z. It was rocking, grooving and a whole lot of hip swaying. Wonderful, groovy tunes all set in a small little bar with a top notch crowd of Boston's hottest mods. I loved it, felt like I was at home. I quite possibly was. 

And to top it all off the bartender made a wicked mean Manhattan. she is a fan of them too so she knew what to do... maker's mark-baby! It's the only way!

And then we went home and at first mornings light realized we were starving. And only Mediterranean deliciousness could satisfy this food urge. We got up and dressed for the cold that had somehow not bothered us at all the night before and struck out on the path back to the Middle East and ZuZu. Upon arrival we sat in a tiny little booth and grubbed on such scrumptiousness as hummus, pita, lamb, etc. It was a truly glorious feast after a night of hip swinging.  

And the service was great! I love you Middle East and ZuZu! You complete me!

Photo's to follow!
To be honest, the only thing I ever eat there is their chicken shwarma. One time I had the beef and I didnt like the grassy taste which reminded me of lamb more than beef. Went there again tonight and had their chicken shwarma plate...sooo good! you must get it with the onion! I was  full to start and thought I wouldnt eat much, but I ate a lot still, and just thinking about it is making me salivate even though I'm still really full. 

Aceituna, I can eat you everyday.
After 12 years, not much is the same on Thayer street.  There are a lot fewer original, small boutiques and cafes but more and more corporate owned stores and restaurants.  But I still continue to visit because one place has literally not changed since I was a college teen.
I love East Side Pockets, they have not changed their recipes, menu or decor for over a decade and I'm completely ok with that!  I think they have the best hummus and falafel and I've had my share.  I don't live close by anymore, so any chance I get I try to find Middle Eastern Food comparable and I can't.
Ok incoming corny moment--My boyfriend took me here for my first visit, and he was greeted like a regular.  Now, years later he is my husband and they still greet us like it was just yesterday we were coming in regularly.  That might not sound like much, but we can only get in there a few times a year now, but I swear they still remember us!  Sorry, it's just such a rare occasion nowadays that a restaurant can survive for so long and stay in the family and make their customers feel valuable.  That's star rating on its own!

Keep up the good work guys, I know you work hard and at one point working 7 days a week, but just know it doesn't go un-acknowledged.
This place literally gives new meaning to the phrase fast food. It is a family owned operation with the dad taking orders and the son putting the order on your tray almost instantly.  Their menu is very small but they do everything well.  The chicken shawerma and beef kabob plate are my favorites. The beef kabobs are very juicy and tender and the shawerma has excellent flavor.  Their hummus is creamier than most and their garlic paste is like crack.  The salad and rice are also much better than your average. Their plates go for $8.25 which is not  a bad deal. Parking is a cinch especially if your grabbing take out just park in the 20 minutes zones. I only wish they were open for dinner.
Oh, Falafel Palace, how you've gone so far downhill. 

This used to be my go-to spot for a delicious, reasonably priced lunch. 

Now, the wraps are soggy, the chicken and lamb are over done, and the quality is just nowhere near what it used to be.

The final straw was when I went for lunch with a new colleague who was craving falafel. It was 12:30 on a beautiful Friday afternoon. We tried the door. It was locked. We knocked on the window and gestured to the staff. We got a surly response that they would be open at 1:00. Seriously?

I'm done with your shenanigans, Falafel Palace. Done.
Quick place to grab a bite. I tried the falafel sandwhich, cost me around ~$4. Don't get it mixed up with another chain also referring to Aladdin (Aladdin Gyro-cery), I don't know if they did that purposely to get at us, in secret service, maybe they're actually related or they just have a huge gay crush on Aladdin. Can't be not swooned by "A Whole New World" on a magic carpet ride, right? They're all "I'll be your Jasmine, Aladdin. Pick me, I even have a restaurant named after you!" Let Aladdin pick who he want to pick, okay? For now, I'm his personal taste tester and assistant.

The place resembled any other cheap ass joint, a few tables lined up the tore with a booth directly overlooking the "kitchen" where they cook up everything on a huge pan. Kind of like the Middle Eastern Benihana. When they prepared my sandwhich, I specified for EXTRA sauce. EXTRA, means plus, more than the usual. I thought you didn't get me correctly for you skimped on the sauce that left my met all dry. Maybe you thought I said extra dry. 

Took a couple minutes for it to be wrapped and placed into a brown paper bag, motherfucking to-go! These places are specifically made for on the go food, it's not a place that's nice to hang out at, just serving up fast food for your hungry appetite. Unless you're really having the munchies, then I suggest you directly devour that sucker!

The falafel was quite crispy, not as much as I want it to be. It doesn't really have the perfect amount of crunch to it, you know? It also tastes monotone, like one single thing the whole time I'm eating it. Greek spices, you know it when you try it. Not saying it's bad, just something to fill the spaces in your tummy, satiate hunger, not to please my taste buds and make me marvel at your throne. The flat bread was reheated on the pan, pre-packaged in a bag before. The little sauce that you managed to give me wasn't thick enough to be the right tzatziki, I've tried falafel in a food court better than this. 

Not bad, not great. Good value for money, if you're broke as hell- I suggest go for it! An okay amount of quantity that will at least exterminate hunger.
I heart this place. I love it because it's conveniently located near campus but the food is great too. I always get a gyro but their garlic fries are soooo good (with extra feta cheese!). He always remembers me when I come in and get great service. Delicious! I'm not a huge fan of mediterranean food so I can't give too much feedback. But it's worth looking into.
To start they were out of kabobs and once we got to the counter they told us they were only taking to-go orders because of memorial day eventhough there were no signs out front telling us this out front, so we didn't start out well. But the people that worked there seemed nice so we got take out even though we wanted a sit down dinner. Once we got the food home we discovered the food was just just okay. The falafel was mediocre and the baklava tasted more like philo dough and butter. With Zonkou Chicken right down the street I'd have a hard time recommending this place.
Though I won't claim to have much prior experience with this type of cuisine...this was my first falafel as a matter of fact... I have to admit I found everything to be delicious. The falafels were great, the humus, the Chicken kabob Pocket, and especially the lahamajeen.
As close as it gets to the real thing back there in the middle east.
Staff are friendly.
Portions are very good for a reasonable price.
Delicious humos, tabbouleh and rice, the shawarma is great but it needs more seasoning.
If you want to try real Arabic food in Boston, as an arab I recommend this place.
Saturday night at ZuZu rocks. I recommend getting there early for some Mediterranean eats and jalapeno margarita madness before dancing the night away to soul music.
I've been here a lot for leisurely meetings and get-togethers. Cafe Algiers is a Harvard Square standout for me simply because it's never been too crowded and service is never rushed. Which can work both ways: you might wait a while for you server, but you'll never be pushed out the door, either. You're free to linger for hours on a pot of (delicious) mint tea, and they'll top off your pot with more hot water if you'd like, too. 

In addition to the mint tea, I recommend the merguez (spicy lamb sausage). It's made in-house and is damn tasty.
My only pet peeve about this place is my falafel sandwich didn't really work like a sandwich. It *looked* like a sandwich, but then I picked it up and the whole thing just fell into a pile of stuff. Good tasting stuff mind you, but I guess I'm just a crazy person who enjoys eating a sandwich without a knife and fork.

A little pricey, but I guess as the only falafel spot I've seen in Westwood they can do what they please. But they do have good options to customize your falafel, like roasted eggplant, avocado, marinated mushrooms, olive spreads and more. Just pay attention, each upgrade costs extra (which I'd expect of course) so it can add up quickly.

I like it, I do, I just want them to step up the functionality of the whole thing. A fresh falafel sandwich packed with avocado goodness is a beautiful thing... unless it collapses into an epic a pile of mush.
Worst Persian restaurent in LA.
This place is new, and fairly clean inside.  Personally i'd stick to the vegetarian dishes, there seems to be a trend where middle eastern cuisine overcooks meat.  The hummus is very good, fresh as if homemade as well as the naan.  The shisha is very good, clean, cool and flavorful.  Theres no ashy taste at all, a dirty shisha will have an ashy unclean taste within 30 mins.  

Pricing is about average here, we paid 13.95 for jasmine shisha.  There are places in Baltimore that are cheaper but will not taste as good.  Depending if you are a picky smoker that may not matter to you.

I had ordered lamb kabob, the meat was dry and charred burnt, again, stick to vegetarian dishes.  Also the door is drafty at the front, if possible sit towards the back.  If i were to comeback, it'd be for the shisha and some light food fare, but not much else.
Best falafel I've ever had.  The price is cheap for a huge amount of food and the service is efficient. Haven't tried the kabobs.
super falafel is on point.
regular falafel is my favorite though, cheap and good. never knew falafels could taste soo good.

food 5 stars, bitchy lady at the counter made me deduct a point.
Amazing Shish, Chicken, Koobideh, rice!!!  The only thing I find sub-par is the humus.  I find myself there at least once a week for lunch.  One of the best persian places in LA!
Zankou Chicken has some good food. I really like their Shish and Shawerma are VERY good. The meat is tender and the Shawerma has a bit of that crisp burnt taste on the edges which really makes it good. Only downside to this places I guess is that the prices are a bit high about $12 per combo plate and it takes a while to make the food, especially the Shish. But it comes very fresh and with delicious hummus and pita and a roasted tomato!
Any visit to Rami's is sure to be a great experience. Rami, himself, is nothing short of a delight. Always courteous and thankful for your business. If you're female, he'll probably greet you with, "hello beautiful lady." And you'll smile because he's just so cute, with his accent and all.

Moist isn't typically a desirable descriptive, it actually evokes gross-worthy thoughts, BUT when it comes to Rami's falafels, I wouldn't have them any other way. Where other falafel spots dry their chickpeas to the heavens, Rami's is right on. 

The falafels are the truck's claim to fame, but it's not what I go for. I prefer the chicken sandwich with hummus, feta, tabouli and hot sauce. It's not on the menu, but it's the way to go. Before you choose Greek Lady, give Rami's a try.
Have been coming to Aceituna for several years for lunch.  If you're craving middle eastern food in kendal square then this is the place to go.  The food is fresh and reasonably priced.  Beef shwarma and spicy chicken combo are my favorites.  Sometimes during lunch it becomes very busy right around noon on weekdays.
I just got take-out from Ali Baba. We ordered a bunch of the a la carte items, and there was way too much food. As a note, their website menu prices have been raised by about 50 cents an item, but they're still rather reasonable. I also appreciated that they gave us a whole bag of pita bread to take home.

I whole-heartedly recommend the baba ghanoush and muhammara. They have a chunky texture that makes you wonder if some grandma was pummeling walnuts in the back with a mortar and pestle. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their dishes.

The atmosphere inside the restaurant looked modern and a nice spot for a romantic dinner.

Overall, Ali Baba is going to become a regular for take-out night at my house. I'd recommend picking up a couple large containers of their dips for your next party.
Probably one of the best Greek/Mediterranean food joints in Pasadena.  It gets packed during lunch but certainly worth the wait.  Pound for pound, it beats out Zankou Chicken in my opinion.
This review concerns the rooftop porch section only. If I had to rate the indoors, I would say 2 stars, but I never sit inside so nevermind.

If you are like me and need distractions while studying, the porch is ideal during the warm months: sunny, with wifi and outlets (bring an extension cord), crowded (good for people watching but bring headphones). The tables are a tad small for group study, but fine for solo missions.

Last spring I saw three people passing around a pipe when I was the only other person on the porch. I wonder what was in it? Regardless, they were good looking, and many of the other patrons are as well.

Lose one star for watery iced coffee, and for the fact that winter exists.
Chicken kabob or falafel. Chicken kabob or falafel. Chicken kabob or falafel. Oh screw it, I'll get both.  Come with an appetite and enjoy a delicious, cheap meal. Great service, great food, and even outdoor seating (but it's very limited).

Peace.
Jerusalem Garden is a childhood favorite of mine; it holds a certain fondness in my heart. Let me share... 

When I was a young little nugget, my mom used to take me on walks to the library (which felt so huge to my former 3 foot self), and afterwards she'd treat me Jerusalem Garden for lunch. We used to share the falafel sandwich and get some baklava for dessert. I remember that it was always kind of a struggle to find proper seating since the place is so small - but the food always made it worth it.

In fact, I loved Jerusalem Garden so much that I made my whole family go here for my high school graduation lunch. What better way to celebrate nostalgia and new beginnings than revisiting one of the most magical memories in my childhood? 

Anyway....that was a long time ago, and now I feel old. Yeesh.

I hope you visit Jerusalem Garden, and I hope you go to the library and wander the magic of kids' section (Nancy Drew or Sweet Valley books, anyone?) before you go. Not in a creepy way.

Talk about a hole in the wall done RIGHT.
I came here with some UCLA friends. They love this place and its a great healthy choice compared to IN&Out and Fat Sal's. 

I would rate it 4 stars if I came here a couple more times but for now I'll rate it a three.

Things I love
- fresh veggie bar they have for you to add what you want on your pita; genius idea and I definitely took fulllllll advantage of piling my wowshi with plenty of cucumbers, tomatoes and lettuce 
- everything tasted pretty fresh and clean

Things I disliked
- the pita did not seem worth the price; I got the chicken wowshi at the suggestion of a yelper and I am glad I did because it was big enough to fill me up but the pitas seemed pretty small for their price
- the hot sauce is REALLY HOT! Be careful in trying to smear that everywhere. My mouth felt like it was on FIRE! I somewhat liked it but at the same time it prevented me from fully enjoying my food 

If I came here a couple more times I probably would like it and rate it higher. Try the wowshis - they are bigger for their price.
There are many reasons I love this place. Here are some: 
1. The fresh tomato and mozzarella sandwich. Just plain slices of fresh yumminess with balsamic dressing between slices of rustic Italian bread. Perfect summertime lunch for days I am too lazy to slice my own darn tomatoes and cheese. Or go grocery shopping. 
2. It is two blocks from the Lawyers Club. 
3. Cheap, good coffee. 
4. Cheap, decent pastries, of both the Middle Eastern and regular kinds. 
5. Free wi-fi! 
6. Decent outdoor seating for those gorgeous days. I can just spread out with my coffee, pastry, and law school books and have a great time reading. 
7. Crepes. Mmm... (I make a mean crepe myself, but again, sometimes I am too lazy to be bothered. And it's open late!)

The staff is usually friendly with me, if a little bit overly so (in a kind of skeevy way). But I can deal with that. 
I also like that they have hookah though I haven't been there for that yet.
There might be an ethical issue with this review (see my second favorite website.)  But hell, in the age of Fox News, I'm going to yelp the S*&# out of this place.  I came here before as a customer, but also to interview the "Egyptian Cassanova" (credit to Imram M. review) aka Habibi's owner.  

I'm not sure if this cat is a bona fide pimp or a bona fide diva.  I called in to schedule an appt with Saad, the owner, and the waitress gave me his #.  She said, "Call him Mr. Saad."  I think to myself, "OK, who the hell is this guy to be called MISTER Saad?"  

So we make arrangements to meet.  He arrives 30 minutes late and pulls up just as Imram said: in a limo, with a pin-stripe suit and gray hair slicked back into a ponytail.  GREASE BALL (and we're not talking Johnnie Travolta here either.)  

So after a quick hand shake with no eye contact, he hands me off to his son for the interview.  The Saad fellow says he has business to take care of.  His son turns out to be young, spoiled and impatient.

In terms of the atmosphere?  It sucks.  The decor is ugly with yellow painted brick walls and tacky fake graffiti.  If you want to party and dance, I guess it's cool because the music will blow out an eardrum.  

But when you're smoking hookah, it's supposed to mellow you out, not make you hyper.  It's cramped and the seats overfill into the cracked sidewalk.  Mr. Saad, you should have them re-pave that sh*t.  You are definitely a little better off with Gypsy Cafe, but both places have terrible service.  Good luck trying to get someone's attention here ... esp. MR. E. CASSANOVEE.  But be very jealous, I walked away with a lamenated, one-of-a-kind Saad business card.
Everyone knows the mid east is the bomb digs. I lived across the street from it for a year and have had friends play there on multiple occasions, so it is sentimental to me. But no matter who you see there it's bound to be a fun show. Places like the middle east are hard to come by these days and I feel like this is one of the few remaining non-gentrified venues still in Boston. So fuck yea, middle east.
The delivery company I ordered from (foodler - awesome!) received my complaint about this specific order and tried for several days to reach an owner or manager.  When they did, he completely denied that they were late at all and refused to provide any sort of compensation or "goodwill gesture" to make up for the poor service....nevermind that fact that I still have the call records on my cell phone to them looking for my food and from them when it was finally delivered (2 hours after I ordered).  As much as I was done with them before, I am even more so now.  While I was not expecting anything, the fact that the owner would lie about their mistake and try to put it back on me speaks volumes about the business.  I'll take my business to establishments with more integrity, and I encourage you all to do the same.
From the heat emanating off the shwarma racks... to the glass enclosed display of baklava glistening with honey... to the generous portions of hot felafel... to the gregarious owner greeting you warmly... to the Arabic music straining from the speakers... Moody's Felafel Palace is simply the best felafel west of Aleppo (which is where owner Chaled is from--mention Aleppo fondly and you'll have a friend forever). 

I had the felafel platter with a side of tahini and hot sauce--although the sides are a extra $.50, they're absolutely worth the investment and complement the food well. My partner had the lamb shwarma, which after I took a bite I regretted I didn't order. Order a lemonade to take some of the bite off the hot sauce, and don't skip the baklava for desert. Between us, $15 for dinner. And Worth. Every. Penny.

After you're done, tarry a little while to talk politics with Chaled: After all, you can't spell Middle East without "eat", and--like hole-in-the-wall felafel joints the world around--the post-meal kibitzing is almost required.
I've been to see a few shows here and can really only talk about my experience in the downstairs. I can't speak for the bar, but the coat check is usually friendly enough (although paying money so you don't have to hold your bulky winter coat during a show is rather criminal). The low ceiling made it feel really claustrophobic, and for such a small venue it's stupidly difficult to get a good view of the stage.

Still, the shows are cheap and a few of the bands they bring in are small but decent. If getting an opportunity to see a band I like means trekking out to the Middle East, I'll gladly go. But I probably wouldn't go just for shits and giggles.

Bottom line: you get what you pay for.
Seriously the best times I had in Boston were here. Always packed, always dancing, always fun. Some of the DJ's on the good nights were kinda rude - but everyone else is super friendly. Great nice hardworking bartenders who dance too! AHHH so fun I want to go now.

seriosuly if you like dancing your ass off come here.
This is our favorite restaurant in Champaign, IL when we drive down.

The food is very authentic and deliciious.    Haven't had a bad item here.

The Baba Ganoush is delicious and the Dolmas are one of our favorites.  The Chicken Kebob sandwich is outstanding.  

It is probably one of the worst looking restaurants I've seen inside all the way around, but it's fine.   It's still a great casual place to eat.

Not sure if the man behind the counter is the owner.    He seems to be a good person, he recognizes us and with much effort sometimes we can get a few words out of him, but  just has zero personality, no smile, no life to him, nothing.    It would be nice if he could be more outgoing and social, but might not be possible for him.   It's fine though.

Service is slow, but again the food is authentic and delicious, so it's worth it.

If you appreciate good quality food, then I'd highly recommend this place.
If you are looking for fine dining in a modern restaurant, then you won't like it.
I absolutely love this place. It's one of the things I miss most about living in West Campus. Unfortunately, the parking in the area sucks and I don't get to frequent it as often now that I've moved.

The food here is awesome! You really can't go wrong with any of their choices. Falafel, shwarma, gyro, lamb mashawi... it's all delicious. The falafel is the best in town, in my opinion. You can even get a combo with fries for under $6.00. 

The only thing I'm not a big fan of here is the hummus. It's not bad by any means, just a little bland for my taste. 

If you're in a rush, I suggest calling ahead of time because they don't have the quickest service. It is well worth the wait though.
The falafel was Ok..I have tried alot of Falafel in the past and i've definitely experienced better. I really enjoyed the setting, decorations, etc and the staff was very nice. One thing that got to me was that the hummus was good and all, but it came with no bread. I am not sure who eats hummus plain, but I think usually you eat it with bread... If i didn't have to pay extra 70 cents for bread to go with it, I think I would have rated it higher. but, probably go there again because overall it was decent food, nice people, and wraps were priced great for college kids.
I am employed at the 'Claremont's' for almost 9 years so I've been eating at Saca's for a while.  Hasn't let me down yet!  I love their falafal, crunchy outside, tender and flavorful.  Friendly service.
Coffee is mediocre to okay, but I usually came here to study and read quietly on the weekends. They have really fast service, on the bright side. Their location in Harvard Square is prime. The inside is a little crowded which makes for clumsy maneuvering, but the outside seating area is really nice on days with good weather so you can people watch.
Aceituna is a blessing for anyone working in Kendall Sq that needs a change at lunch time! We all get tired of Cafeteria selections that include wilted salads, boring sandwiches and an occasional slice of greasy pizza. Aceituna's Mediterranean selection (the owners are Lebanese) is especially appropriate in warmer weather when you can dine outside. The chicken sharwarma is delicious, the hummus very tasty, and the stuffed grape-leaves are the best I've had in Boston. Now while I'm not an expert on Mediterranean cuisine I think the clientele at Aceituna speaks to it's quality, on any given night you can see diners from all over the World grabbing a bite to eat there. Countless friends and acquaintances from Lebanon, Morocco, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia have recommended Aceituna to me after learning I work in Kendall Square. So if you're tired of corporate cafeteria sludge try Aceituna for a change... but watch out, it can become an addiction.
I used to love this place. I went out there last night from Redlands with a real chicken jones and was let down. My chicken was dry, as was my wife's tri tip. 
The service was barely 1 to 1-1/2 stars. I think the counter was there to hold the help up. 
Also, I may be a wimp but these folks are still using non recycleable poly styreen containers. They are used on in house orders also. 
C'mon Zankou, with just a little effort you can be back on top.
Mediterranean Cafe is nothing more than really good, quick food. 

Barely any seating, hardly room to stand in line, and usually limited parking in the shared lot.  But the food is fast (aka usually on your tray before the credit card receipt can print) and really good.

This is the place to go for basic Mediterranean cuisine.
Great fresh pita bread to accompany all of their yummy dishes. The garlic spread is a highlight but beware it stays with you for days. I have been most happy when I have ordered the hummus, Greek salad and an inexpensive bottle of wine. Plus, the management has generously supported my non-profits events with free lunches!
You know they'll deliver across the river? And you can order online? ++

Ed's is our new go-to pizza delivery. Given that we live in Graduate Hospital, that's probably saying something that they deliver to us.

The sauce was delicious, the crust, not so much, but the cheese-to-topping ratio was great. Plus, they use Daiya vegan cheese (++). Tasty!
What can i say about Kismet?  I've been going here for years--since i was a freshman (now super senior).  I've seen a lot of their changes in decor, but the gyro stays the same.  

Definitely my favorite gyro, and it's not like others I think because they put more lemon juice in the tzatziki sauce which is really awesome due to the acid from the sauce cutting through the fattiness of the meat...oh divine.

Unfortunately i think all the lemon juice in their menu items is a point of contention--sometimes everything is too sour (i.e the cucumber salad, the hummus, the tabbouleh, the baba ganoush).

However I love the fact that you can get a free cup of sage tea at the counter!  I've been getting the odd cup on occasion since they gave me a sample the first time I went in.  Not a great idea to sip hot tea in 100 degree weather, but when it gets cold the tea smells and tastes just like christmas and thanksgiving wrapped up together in a stryofoam cup.  I honestly have no idea why they have this stuff for free.  

The upstairs seating is unique.  You gotta go through the doorway in the back up some very unevenly formed stairs to an area most people seem to forget exists.  I've had some very pleasant afternoons up there in the quiet twilight.
This is the best mediterranean place in Pasadena.!!!! Food is great and price is excellent.
My little and I came here for dinner tonight! It was actually pretty good. It was our first time eating here and we both got the Chicken Wowshi. It was 12.50 for both. The serving size was pretty good because they split it in half so you can stuff all the toppings you want inside at the bar. They have roman lettuce, tomatoes, salsa mix, cucumbers, onions, cabbage and a variety of sauce.

I could have easily been satisfied with half of the serving.

I recommend the "really hot sauce" :D SO GOOD! I'll definitely come here again. Yay for exploring Westwood!
I was sadly disapointed by the baba ghanoush at Cedars. Is there really no good baba on the west coast?

Food was ok. Service was a bit slow. The 100 different types of beers in bottles was nice.
Newsflash!  The chicken shawarma sandwich at the Middle East is waaay better than Falafel Palace.  In my opinion.  It's got tons of tahini and tons of chicken.

Some of the other stuff here:  not so good.  Like the kibbeh, which is dry and sits in your tummy like a rock and doesn't taste good neither.  I also think the pita wrapped in plastic wrap sitting on every table is NOT a nice touch at all.  

It gets an extra star because it is one of the best music venues around and because I've seen countless wonderful shows there.
I did not like this place at all. Friend and I came here late night after not-so-heavy drinking and each had the chicken shawarma wrap. BIG MISTAKE.

The chicken was dry, the sauce was flavorless and runny, and it made me bloated and feeling like crap until the next afternoon (so much so that "chicken shawarma was a bad choice" became an inside joke).

I've had good shawarma before, and this place does not make it. But what can you expect from a place that spells it "falafal" instead of an "falafel" on its storefront sign?
I am so happy I can walk to this place from my miserable office...I mean, from the job I love so much!

Everything is made-to-order and you stuff the pita yourself with fillings from the salad bar.  Sadly, arugula is no longer an option, so I load my falafel pita with lettuce, cabbage, peppers, tahini, and the REALLY hot sauce.  They have tomatoes, cucs, and other sauces for those who can't take the heat.

The black bean wowshi is another veg-friendly option and the fried cauliflower is sooo good.  Although, don't bring the cauliflower back to your office...it stinks!
Great place to eat, study, and hang out. Main advantages of going to Toms vs a coffee shop:
- Lots of seats and power outlets for laptops.
- Good food and snack options.
- Cheaper coffee than most coffee shops.
- Good music and not too loud.
At night sometimes they have events. I recommend checking their calendar.
The concert area in the basement is pretty cool. Although it's not for the faint of heart (some might say it's dark and makes them feel claustrophobic ).
But once you get past that, the relatively small space might feel like an intimate private showing.
I saw As Tall As Lions here and the acoustics were great. The place wasn't packed so we easily got a great view of the band from the middle of the floor.
Security is super lax and the whole experience was really enjoyable.
I guess your experience might depend on the crowd you're with, As Tall As Lions fans are pretty chill, no beer bottles being thrown or anything. But I guess If I went on a night where there were some hard core moshers, I'd be annoyed with the fact that there was pretty much no security or crowd control.
They make a really good Turkish pizza with mint, cilantro, tomatoes, a hummus-like spread...  I've been back a couple times.  It's very light, and vegetarian friendly.  But they make a lamb version for meat eaters.
There are other Middle-Eastern restaurants, but Jerusalem Garden serves it up with Ann Arbor style.
The front dining room is only a few feet deep, so after coming in the door you squeeze between the people at the counter and the front window and make your way to the empty stool, which is usually the far one. If you sit there at the front counter you can watch the counter-cultural cooks fry falafel and grill meat for the sandwiches. One day I took a seat at the counter and listened to one of these scruffy proto-hippy kids talking about his trip across America, hopping trains, and how you have to look out for the railroad cops now in Denver.
In the back dining room there are maybe four small tables, which are better if you come with a group of three or more.
The shish kebob sandwich and the chicken shawarma both have been recommended to me by a few people. Both are good. My favorite meal though, is the falafel sandwich with hummus and a bowl of lentil soup. Vegetarians won't be disappointed, and neither will their carnivorous counterparts.
Jerusalem Garden is conveniently located next door to Herb David guitar and across the street from the federal building. You can shop for a new axe and get a vegetarian bite on your way to the war protest (in front of the fed, as usual). 
The closest parking is at the library lot, about two doors south on 5th Ave. It will cost you about $1 per hour.
I love Persian food.  I love the fact that they are Halal.  I also like the fact that they give the mother of all portions for their entrees.  

My favorites are the chicken kabob and Zereshk Polow.

Services could have been a little better considering that there were hardly any guests there.
This is for Tuesday Lesbian dance night. BEST dancing ever. The DJ rocks and knows how to work with the crowd with a mix of old 80s/90s and current pop. I love going here as a straight girl - no creepy men around. Although wouldn't you know the older straight male in there asked me to dance guessing correctly I played on his side. The girls are fun, the beer is cheap, and it gets hot in there (climate wise). I have gone with my best guy friend here and danced the night away. By far, my fave dance night around. It's just tough to wake up for work on wed morn...
The first thing we noticed was how constantly busy Zankou Chicken was. Even at 2:00 on a Sunday afternoon the place was packed.

However, I do not think I would spend my time coming here again. I had a chicken wrap, which was pretty small and pathetic looking. I suggest going for the plate and then at least you get hummus and pita bread. The hummus was as delicious as everyone else said. The pita.bread was soft at first, but unless you ate it right away, it cooled down and got hard and tough to eat. The garlic paste was good, but I didn't realize it was pretty much just garlic infused butter. A bit unhealthy in a seemingly healthy spread. Don't be fooled! 

I like trying new places but unfortunately this one missed the mark for me.
My dude's a newly affiliated falafel addict and when he saw row after row of 5 star reviews he said "Could it be"? And YES, yes it is. 

Perfect for the U-District, I feel robbed this place wasn't here when we lived here. Carpets, hookahs, and a mighty spiffy bar & grill. We ordered at the counter & took a seat. Had to talk Mr. Man into not going straight to sandwich, we went for a platter. Starting with hummus, tahini, pickled veggies & pita, the meal meandered into a pizza pie sized platter of undeniable deliciousness. BABA GHANOUSH! FALAFEL! I was in heaven. $13 for all this. And bonus points- so was my boy. 

The only momentary downer was that a last minute order of fries was mos def forgotten. When we brought it up, the proprietor gave us a blank look & said they would be just a min. Uh-huh. But they were prepared quickly, were delicious, and the pita was refilled PLUS a free piece of Baklava. Baklava! Why didn't you say so? All is forgiven. 

Clearly, this place is spectacular and all you lucky UW kids...enjoy.
BEST DARK AND STORMIES, EVER.

The food is just so so here (they share a kitchen with the Middle East), but this is a great place for conversation and an after dinner drink, or two or three -- especially if they are dark and stormies! 

But it's all in the timing here -- on weekend nights, you can only get seated if you have dinner (except at the bar) until about 9pm, based on the how the night's going, when the place goes into bar mode. By about 11/ 11.30, music gets louder, and a dancing scene opens up. 

And the dancing here! It's funky, "alternative," and very different from what you're going to see at your typical club -- a great destination for when you want to go out dancing but don't quite feel like the groping and grinding.
I now eat here as often as weekly.  Still my favorite shawarma in town (Al Basha in Fishers has been better on occasion).
I went there once when I was a student at College Park. The food was pretty ordinary and actually quite expensive.
Got the chicken platter with cabbage and fried eggplant. Both the sides were great. Cabbage gives for a great extra sweetness and crunch. A little on the pricey end for lunch, but serving is enough to save for leftovers and eat for dinner.
Both times I have visted Egyptian Cafe have been a great experience.  The staff was very accomodating for us.  We were seated at a table by the door in the middle of winter and they found us a space heater and so we didn't freeze.  Our server, Riskin, not only was super friendly, but mixed unique hookah blends for us himself!  The food and drink was pretty tasty too.  Try the butter chicken!  It is a big enclosed, so during the colder months
My Central Square sandwich of choice just got better. After the Yelp party at MIT, I really needed something to soak up the booze since I didn't have dinner. I NEED falafel. On top of being an excellent sandwich, they had some very attractive young men behind the counter. At this point, I don't care how authentic it is. I'm enjoying the wait, and my sandwich when I finally bite into, I forgot they put pickles in the sandwich.  Mmm, yummy. 

When I got to the train, I was so hungry I couldn't wait to get it home, (I know it's rude, thankfully there's hardly anyone around), so I ate on the platform--no leakage=points for neatness. But, I'm surprised to find a mystery spooge of tahini on my napkin, rendering it useless. I found a clean spot, but it was still weird. It won't stop me from going back though!
Went here for the 1st time last week with my home girl Cyn! Shout out 2 Cyn!! LOL... She showed me whats up with this place! 

Well what can I say? This place is bomb! and I was definitely a fatty that day! I got the chicken Tarna, and I ate my whole plate, but didnt finish the bread cause u know I gotta keep my carbs level down lol, and i ate some chicken off Cyn Plate. I wasn't feeling one of the dipping sauce they give you the yogurt looking one. I do like the hummus and the garlic sauce though! 

Would I go back? Mos def!!
Ah Aladdin...always good for a cheap, quick and good lunch.   I've heard some iffy things about the one farther down the Ave, so I always go to the one closer to 47th, which is the one I'm reviewing here.

I'm a big fan of their falafel.  I recommend the regular (jumbo) size and a drink to go along with it.  The falafel itself is really good; not dry and full of flavor.  Expect a little bit of sauce to drip all over your tray; that's just the nature of the beast :-)

They have a wide variety of cans/bottles of Coke products for beverages.  Oh, and if you feel like some fries, grab the combo, they're pretty good! (Just don't grab the hot sauce instead of ketchup from the counter, whoops my bad)  Whatever you decide to choose from their good-size menu, you'll probably only end up spending $5-10.

The guys behind the counter are always really cool and I love that they don't mind that you pay once you leave.  Sweet!

The place is fairly small, but there's a counter and a fair number of tables, big and small.  It looks like they also have WiFi and there's a few outlets along the walls.

There's a bathroom...yea, nothing special there.

When you're done, just leave your tray, pay the dude, and head out.  All done!

Always a pleasure guys, I'll be back for sure!
East Side Pocket, I miss you so much. Delicious wraps, nice staff. The wraps are huge, the ingredients are fresh and it's all relatively cheap.  Definitely one of the few places I'd come to often on Thayer Street before a random party near RISD.
I have to agree with every ones posts, this place is speed-racer-tastic! 

It is nice to know there is a place you can go and get delicious/healthy food at a reasonable price...AND not have to worry about racing back to work to clock in on time!!

I had the falafel plate, which was just the right amount of crisp on the outside and soft on the inside!

Thanks Mediterranean Cafe!
Good vibe here. The place is probably much better when there are more people, but I went when most of the people were outside smoking and just a few stragglers inside. Overall, food ok--although I am looking forward to going back on a more lively night.
I'm new to hookah, so I have no other experiences to judge this joint by. I have been there 3 times in the past week, though, so It seems I have yet one more vice to handle!

We had Corey as our server and he was great. We had a ton of questions and he was happy to answer all of them. I know I would have told us to shut up, if I were in his place. 

We tried the pistachio and the jasmine tobacco and loved them both. The jasmine was light and smooth, so I would suggest trying that first. 

This is a great place to just vanish for a few hours. Price is decent and the old church space is big and open, giving a relaxing feel. 

My only suggestion is to add hammocks to take naps in. I've felt so relaxed there that I start to doze off!
I wish there where more stars to give this place!!!
the food is amazing! i love it.
ive gotten a couple of my friends addicted to this place.
by far thee best Mediterranean food ever.

thanks for such great quality food!!!
I went to Zuzu on Saturday night to go dancing with my friends.  After waiting in line for almost an hour we were about to get in.  A group of around 15 to 20 people showed up and were let in ahead of us and everyone else that had been waiting out in the cold.  Apparently they had a reservation, although I also heard that they had a friend at the Dig and that's why they were allowed to cut the line.

 I'm not planing any return trips to Zuzu.
This place is amazing! I live on Bainbridge Island, but whenever I am in Seattle I require a gyro from Cedars. It is sad that there are so many people reviewing this restaurant that have it confused with the Ceadars on Brooklyn. NOT THE SAME PLACE! The Cedars on 43rd does not have alcohol or a huge wait staff. It has about 6 tables and is really just a little hole in the wall, run by a couple. The man cooks and the woman waits on tables. They both are wonderful people and work really hard to be friendly and accommodating. I know it is a little confusing that two places in the same part of town have the same name, but try to get it straight before leaving a negative review... it's not that hard.
This review is only based on my experience with their catering service.  We ordered for a pickup at 5pm.  Our order wasn't ready, and the woman behind the counter had a look of panic in her eyes.  45 minutes later, we were out the door with our order.  The food was really good, which is the only reason I'm not giving a rating of one star.  You need to get your act together, Zankou!
Been going here for the last few years and it HAS (past tense) been really delicious.

Yesterday, I stopped by to get a grilled lamb kabob plate with salad and rice pilaf. And because it is a small restaurant with an open kitchen, you get to see how your food is prepared. (If I owned an open kitchen restaurant, I definitely WOULD NOT have a microwave sitting on the counter! EW!)

This girl took a paper plate, scooped a heaping of rice and shoved it in the microwave! Now, I think they have two different types of lamb...one from the rotisserie/spit and another a grill lamb kabob that is cooked on the grill. There was no lamb on the rotisserie at this point, just their chicken.  I specifically asked for the grilled lamb kabob and the girl opens a container and sticks some lamb on the grill. I assumed it was the kabob type lamb. NO! It was last night's lamb from rotisserie!!!! It has this white creamy sauce on it as she plated my meal...and I know that there shouldn't be anything on it! Really gross if you ask me. Needless to say, I HATE (really HATE) reheated/re-cooked meat of ANY kind, taste sooo nasty and I don't appreciate when a restaurant does this!

They get one star because they are friendly and I like their falafal.

I should have just went to Chipotle instead!
I'm road tripping it! Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee, Madison, Home (Saint Paul)- and 1st stop- Ann Arbor, MI. First off- Cute downtown! The farmer's market was fun, but I got hungry for some hummus.
This place is small, but the food is down to earth goodness. I sat outside and had a hummus and tahini pita, which was fantastic! The hummus is ridiculously creamy. Also- the waitstaff was friendly- always a plus!
Although I cannot vouch for the food, the atmosphere is great, the hookah and service are lackluster at best.

Sphinx is housed in an old church. You sit on comfy cushions on the floor in a roomy, tapestry covered, high-ceilinged space. t's a really nice, relaxing environment to enjoy some hookah, although it's not particularly well ventilated.

A key aspect to the hookah experience is adjusting the charcoal that sits atop the bowl of tobacco. Sphinx prohibits you from doing this, so if the hookah gets harsh you are stuck for 10 minutes trying to frantically flag down an employee to adjust your coals, only to have the bowl get harsh after another 10 minutes. This is quite a frustrating experience, especially on a busy night when employees are occupied as is.

Also the hookahs they provide are pretty old and don't hit too well. Every time I smoke here my stomach hurts, which never happens at other hookah spots or when I smoke at home. Their tobacco is decent though, as they use mainstream brands like Naklha and Starbuzz. 

The price for hookah itself is reasonable, but you can't just sit and smoke! You have to buy a drink, which is total B.S. What should be a $12 large hookah between four can easily exceed $20 with their drink costs.

Overall great for the atmosphere, but bad for the actual smoking and the one drink minimum! Might be a good spot to take a hookah newbie, but inappropriate for those who know a little about good hookah.
A couple of weeks ago, I met up with a friend for lunch between classes.  We didn't have much time so we stuck to the eateries near campus.  We decided on Sunrise Deli right across from Lower Sproul.  Sunrise Deli has the self proclaimed "best falafel in town."  I have had Sunrise Deli's falafel before and didn't think it was very memorable, but truthfully, I'm not a big falafel fan.

My friend got the Veggie Combo plate which included Tabouli, Babaghanuj, Hummus, Tahini, Tomato and Cucumber Salad, Falafel, Dolma, and Pita Bread.  The plate looked fresh and colorful.  My friend doesn't like domla so I ate it and it was tasty!  Although, as my friend commented, the whole plate kinda blended into a big glop by the time you are 1/2 way through eating it.

I can't say I was quite as happy with my own Lamb Shawarma.  I like my meat at least a couple of degrees higher than the normal room temp, and this lamb was quite cold.  Furthermore, the lamb itself wasn't very flavorful.  The veggies were so so and the the pita bread got hard too quickly.

Luckily, Sunrise Deli redeem itself a bit with the falafel. This side order is half a dozen falafel for about 2 bucks! A steal. Like I said before, I'm not really into falafel (always found them too dry) but these were quite scrumptious. Crispy on the outside and warm on the inside. I think I would like them even better if I ate them with pita bread or rice because I thought they were a tad salty but still quite good!

I'll definitely come back to grab some falafel to snack on the next time I'm rushing to class.
Fantastic!  This is the type of place that makes Cambridge, well Cambridge!  Great atmosphere, staff, delicious food and eclectic customers.  It's not a tourist place, its a locals place and you have to appreciate it.  Our server was wonderful and more than accommodating.  I'll certainly be back here though I'm no longer a local...
The food is simply good.  I like the whole menu.  It's always crowded but you are served quickly.  Plenty of street parking.
WAH! You took over the best philly cheesesteak establishment I knew of!! 

I paid 8-9 bucks for a falafel and greasy chips and I got no drink!? Wtf. 

The chicken was alright but did they really have to fill my falafel with so much sauce!? Ugh that's all I tasted and I was NOT happy. THATS IT!

Btw, why do people like this place!? It's always packed--I think it's the 'cool' thing to do. BLEH.
Oh Falafel Corner. You are my answer and alternative to impulsive, greasy late night orders from the Kong, my antidote for my cranky boyfriend when the trash compactor he calls a stomach gets alarmingly empty past midnight. My love for you should be evident in how I have braved the cold cambridge winters towards your illuminated windows through empty, unpaved Mt. Auburn Street. You could be cleaner and you could offer more seating than your depressing looking florescent-lit basement. Your lines are long on the weekends, but that's only because your neon sign beckons to the tired, the hungry, and the drunk with promises of warm, filling food after a night of partying and/or studying. 

Food: They offer both plates, wraps with lamb shawarma, chicken, beef, and falafel paired with tahini sauce, salad, and a side of pita bread. The portions are generous and always seem to placate my boyfriend's unholy appetite. You can either order the plates and wraps alone or as a combo, with fries and soda for around ~$10. Once upon a time, I ordered the combo and the fries came seasoned with pepper and a bit of chili powder. SO GOOD! I came again and again hoping they'd replicate the same order, but alas! they're now just stale Oneida fries that are nothing to get excited about. 

My personal favorite are their falafel wraps, which come with around 3 perfectly fried golden balls of falafel, not unlike a burrito. My boyfriend swears by their lamb shawarma, which they cut fresh, straight from a rotating rack of meat not unlike what I used to see on the streets of Beijing. 

If you're looking for a snack to tide you over through the night, however, it has to the their hummus. My roommates and I were once so addicted we stocked our little college-dorm fridge with around 4 or 5 half-eaten containers of this stuff. Much better than overpriced Sabra from 7-Eleven, this stuff is LEGENDARY. I want to believe they make it themselves, but who knows, and frankly, who cares? For $2.99, they used to fill a whole side order box with the stuff, drizzling olive oil on top, but have really skimped out recently, only filling maybe half of the container. I always ask for extra pita bread and the guys manning the counter are always happy to oblige for free. I would use to brave 15 degree cold without gloves just so I could munch on this stuff while walking back home. 

Drinks: They have an impressive collection of drinks for such a tiny hole-in-the-wall. Highlights include those slick looking aluminum bottles of coke and sprite, limonata, aranciata, sugar-free Fanta orange (a favorite of my roommate's!), and grape soda (my personal favorite) 

Perfect for: Drunk food, late night meals, stockpiling on food before retreating into your room for finals.
Good, inexpensive Mediterranean food. For $5 (incl. tax), you get a wide variety of filling and tasty pitas. Of course, this is not going to be the best Mediterranean food in town but for the price, it is great!
I wish I didn't like the food as much as I do, so that I don't have to keep being subjected to the service...

Back when they offered a choice of naan or tortilla, I always got tortilla. And they always bitched about it, making a big show of going in search of a bag of tortillas, bumping me in the line so that they could heat up the tortilla, etc. Tonight I went and they don't have tortillas anymore. Okay. So I tried a bowl. The woman helping my boyfriend and I offered naan with our bowls ($1 extra), but then they had to make the naan (at least it was fresh!) and somehow I got bumped from the line when the woman who was helping me walked away and a different woman came over to take the order of the people behind us. When the woman who was originally helping us came back, she was trying to do both my boyfriend's and my order at the same time and wound up messing up my order.

And guacamole is $1.50? Come on. That's way overpriced, especially since I got as little as I did. Actually, after all that, why not comp my guacamole to put a smile back on my face? Whatever.

All that being said, my veg bowl with rice, chickpeas and black beans, paneer, masala, sweet and sour sauce, tomatoes, cheese, lettuce and guac was SOOO good.
There are so many reviews of this place, I'll save the rant about their food/drink/service quality and say just two things:
- In the downstairs, at least, their shots are huge. Like doubleshot++. 
- The music is loud. Bring earplugs if you would like to be able to retain your hearing after a few of these concerts. 

I've been twice already, and will definitely be back!
You that kid who mixed your entire Thanksgiving plate into one crazy concoction? (hah, I just said "coc") Well you can tastefully do that here -- unlike this review.

Get the chicken plate. It comes with these red dyed pickled veggies, pita, hummus and, dun dun dun, CHICKEN. Way! Can't forget the garlic spread that looks like Crisco. Anyways, mix it all together and put it inside the pita and you have one damn tasty pita-ish-burrito that makes your mouth water like Niagara, go grab your Viagra, this food's gonna have ya...coc.
The best cheap lunch in Ann Arbor, hands down. Might even be the best food in Ann Arbor, period. It's not authentic Middle Eastern, just really really GOOD Middle Eastern. Get the falafel, even if you adore meat, it's what they are known for. I hear... that their recipe is so secret, not even the employees know the spice mixture. The owners supposedly mix it off site and bring it in... 

I hear the service is great, but I have noticed some hipster like rudeness on occasion, but all and all, you're chances of great service is pretty darn high. 

The restaurant is, however, a dive. Unless it's summer, then you can sit outside, which is nice.

UPDATE! 

They REDID the place! MUCH MUCH better! YAY! 5 stars! :D
WOW I never though I'd find a coffee shop so good. the mint tea is great. It's real mint leaves, comes in a pot a s strainer. Not so many places have that. 
The atmosphere's great. It is so vintage, and unique. Love the upstairs, and the openness of the place. 
Beside the mint tea, I had a sandwich. It was really good and the pita bread was grilled, which gave it that delicious crispy taste. 
Definitely recommend you, if you're around Harvard have a bite there, or just a drink.
This place is the real deal Holyfield.

All the food is authentic, well-prepared, and absolutely delicious.  The shawarma is good but its the shish kabob that's the knock out punch.  It's mouth wateringly good...the daily/weekly specials are also great. 

The service is also fast and courteous.  I'll be back for more.
Oh look, the owners never responded to my comments. What a surprise -_-
I am really glad to see some life injected back into this place. I went twice when it was Jack's, but only had the food once (the other time they were out of everything else). Where the previous establishment reeked of grease, now the smell of meats slowly roasting over charcoal hits you before you even walk in the door. It still looks pretty much the same as before, but with a few (awesome) decorations. It's like a guy hastily decorating his college pad before his parents/girlfriend see it for the first time. I am totally a fan. There is not too much seating, and the seating that is there is mostly booths(?) which seat 4-5 people. I went at around 6pm on a weeknight and at first we were one of 2 tables, but eventually the place was hoppin! I think they are still getting used to the ebb and flow of the dinner rush. 
The food was pretty tasty! They brought out a complimentary appetizer that was sort of an eggplant salsa. I really liked it, but one of my companions didn't really. She got the falafel sandwich, her boy got the large kofta kebab platter, and I got the small shwarma platter with a side of falafel. The falafel are so yummy.. light and not oily tasting. Highly recommended. The shwarma was the perfect amount for me and was served with a nice rice pilaf. My friends both liked their food, but the one complaint was that the 'large' platter just seemed like the same amount of meat in the small platter but with more rice. 
The prices are reasonable, the service is friendly. I really hope this place sticks around because there is a lot more on the menu I'd love to try!
Sloooooow service. 

To all those who complain that Algiers is crowded and claustrophobic, I wonder what you would have thought had you seen the place in its heyday, back in the 80s, when it was a tiny space hidden away in the basement of the current building. Back then, Algiers was consistently the single most crowded and claustrophobic room I've ever seen, either before or since, and I loved it. The old Algiers defined the word cozy, and was the best place to study on a blustery winter night. 

That all changed when the building was renovated and Algiers expanded to occupy most of the new space. Much has been gained: a soaring rotunda and small rooftop deck, but more has been lost in the transition.

Surprisingly, the menu seems to have survived almost entirely intact over the intervening 25 or so years (albeit with much higher prices). The Turkish coffee and mint tea are as good as ever, as is the food. 

Just don't be in a hurry. Did I mention the service is stunningly sloooooooow?

For those of us who remember fondly the olden days, the current incarnation of Cafe Algiers serves as a physical embodiment of Thomas Wolfe's observation that You Can't Go Home Again. Sadly.
Great food! Everything is really well seasoned. I love the lamb kabobs. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's more of a lunch place, it's very casual, you order at the counter and get your food super quick. Also, it's not open for very long on the weekends, in fact, they're closed Sunday and on Saturday they close by 3pm. However, if you're nearby, this is a great place to get good Mediterranean food.
Zankou Chicken with its slowly rotating spits of beef and chicken, with its garlic-blessed sauces and mountains of warm pita bread was made to be ordered take out, roast chicken with hummus and extra garlic sauce to be eaten in the car, hot and steamy and a little dirty like a dime crime novel. Fingers ripping apart juicy chicken carcasses, hummus smears on your skin, napkins are too few and forgotten, the aluminum foil lies torn and scattered on the ground like leaves lost in the wind. 

Leaves. Lost in the wind.
One of my favorite places of all time.  

Good food for a great price.

I like to come here with my boyfriend for dinner.  We would buy a whole chicken which comes with marinated onions and turnips, lots of pita bread andtheir BOMB garlic spread for under $20.

When we want our own plates, I normally get the combo kabob.  You get so much food, I usually split it into two meals.
Blue Nile is located right on campus, but tucked behind Potbelly's sandwich shop in the back an on alley with very very VERY limited parking out front.  But even after a long walk on a hot summer day, I showed up at Blue Nile's front door knowing that it's going to be well worth the sweat (especially since I knew their A/C would not be cranking, but then again, who needs cool air when you can have some delicious spicy food!?!).  Here's the trick to almost guaranteeing yourself a satisfying meal at Blue Nile - ORDER THE SPECIAL!  Their specials are under $12 after tax and there's enough food to get your belly full and still walking away with a doggie bag (if you're not busy stuffing yourself because it's just too yummy to stop eating).  The Lamb Shank is tender and scrumptious (note to self - must try to figure out what is used to marinate it)!  I've had beef (usually ground beef), chicken, lamb specials and have never been disappointed (wish I had written down all their names so I can share here).  The Arabic Salad is great for summer, cucumber and tomato chunks sitting in a cup of lemon juice and minced cilantro, just what I needed to cleanse the palate and cool down a bit.  The Lentil Soup is good, tastes like it was made just before I showed up.  Chicken Shawarma sandwich comes in a pita (dry and not greased, which is how I like my pitas) with onions and tomatoes on the bottom and marinated chicken cubes on top, the Tahini sauce is what really tie the ingredients together.  If ordered as a meal, it would be the chicken on a plate of rice.  Speaking of rice, their rice is very flavorful just by itself, mixing that with whatever sauce that comes with the protein or vegetables of the dish (depending on what entree you get), it will keep getting better and better.  My only gripe about Blue Nile is that I wish they use fresh corn, green beans, and carrots instead of canned ones, but I can imagine using pre-made ingredient instead of having to prepare for fresh ones every day on top of having to mix a million spices together to marinate/soak/rub the proteins and other fresh veggies like eggplants and okras can be overwhelming in that tiny kitchen of theirs, so I suppose they have to choose their battle there.  If they get rid of the canned veggies and up their vegetarian options, I will have no choice but give them a 5 star, saying that I'm a fan is almost an understatement!

***Oh btw, my Muslim friends tell me that Blue Nile serves Halal meat.
When I first met a certain Turkish gal in college claimed she could read fortunes from the sludge in the bottom of coffee cups. Algiers provided her divine brew; it was thick, aromatic and wonderfully bitter. The mocha arabica is my favorite hot brew ever.

We came to chat, we came to study, to eat their delicious falafel and swallow Moroccan mint tea sitting on their umbrelled patio. Gorgeous upstairs seating area with great light on sunny days. I used to catch myself spacing out with my eyes closed and head to the sky, clutching a warm copper pot of coffee. In retrospect, I've spend a happy portion of my life here.

Update: Since I've been back I've had two awful desserts so they lost a star. The pecan pie was obviously thawed from frozen and only had a layer of pecans on top, this sugar lovin' gal only had one bite. The next time I opted for the strawberry crepes. Great texture, slightly eggy yet tasty but the filling was just gross. The fruit wasn't fresh, frozen berries in syrup, and the worst thing was it was still really cold. I'm sticking to hummus.
(This review applies to both Aladdins.)

I'm not the sort of person who often customizes a food order, especially at a small place like this. And yet, my opinion of the Aladdins has gone way up since I started ordering things without lettuce. Iceberg lettuce tastes like water, and makes everything it comes into contact with taste like water.

Aladdin is not a place you come to for authentic Middle Eastern or Mediterranean food. The chicken shawarma is called 'shish taouk' in the other branch, but isn't really recognizable as either dish. The yoghurt-based sauce in the gyro contained no detectable trace of cucumber, so I can't in good conscience refer to it as tzatziki. Still, the important thing is that everything I've tried here was consistently at least good, and sometimes excellent. Their recipes may be unconventional, but they work well.
Best falafel sandwich ever.  If you're looking for a affordable meal that is quick, delicious and not too heavy don't hesitate.  One of my favorite places in A2
Summary:  Want Schwarma or a Falafel sandwhich in AA? go somewhere else. 

 Ali Baba, Sheesh, and Jerusalem garden are all much better


Another 4-star place in AA that I can't understand why people like.  I eat a lot of middle eastern food in a lot of different cities, and this was honestly close to the bottom of the barrel.  Per Yelp's recommendations I got the chicken schwarma and a megan falafel sandwich, both of which unimpressive at best, and more aptly classified as gross.  Nothing like some soggy fries jammed into a pita with dry white meat chicken, and a complete lack of seasoning or delicious garlic sauce.  That Megan falafel was ever so slightly better, but still not a very good falafel, and the same gross fries. 

Sheesh and Ali Baba have the best Schwarma in AA, with Jerusalem garden filling a distant third place.  With 3 much better options in very close proximity I wouldn't bother with this place.
Their chicken shewarma is delicious!  A bit on the pricey side for lunch, but perfect for a take-home dinner.  Can't wait to try their falafel!
Great food, great price, for fast food mediterranean food!
Chicken is good... But this is NOT Persian food.  Not authentic Persian food at least.  It's like going to a Sushi restaurant where they bring you a side of ketchup with your albacore.
I agree with everyone else, don't go here!!

we tried the food for brunch and the fact that no one else was in the joint should have been a sign, but it was pretty early on sunday and none of the other places we wanted to go to were open yet so we thought we'd give it a chance. big mistake!!

greasy food and there was that burnt pan stuff on my omelet. the only edible thing was the toast...
So while I am old, and generally don't go out to clubs much, I do enjoy coming here for good eats, a great space to hang out, decent drinks, and good music.  We've only split one thing here: the ZuZu Platter, or the Vegetarian platter.  Why?  It's delicious.  The ZuZu platter consists of grape leaves, spinach dumplings, empanadas, brik, kibbeh mishi, kabobs, hummus baba ganooj, harissa & whipped garlic, all on a big, tiered display.  It's pretty reasonably priced at $23 to split between two or three folks.

Also, this is generally a nice place to chill before seeing a show (as long as it's not packed, of course) before shows at The Middle East or TT's.  And musically, the last time I was in, they were playing some Led Zeppelin and some Velvet Underground.  Most excellent.
THE BEST!!! I have come here for 10 plus years!
Yeah.

Heard really great things, had to try this place, but...I have experienced way way better.

I gave it two tries, the first I had a falafel wrap, which only featured maybe two falafels, the rest was lettuce, pickles, and tons of wrap.  Way sub par.  Also, the falafel in it was bland.  Lacked garlic or spice.  Meh.

The second time I had the lamb schwarma wrap, figuring it had to be more flavorful.  And it wasn't.  There wasn't enough lamb, and it had too much lettuce, again.  

The service is friendly, and fast (around 1pm-2pm weekdays).  They seem like nice folk, but the food was totally not worth it.
I love east side pocket,  once I asked for "Extra Hot Sauce" like i always do, and they gave me some special hot sauce from the fridge, it was so insanely hot.   Sometimes the guy gives free desserts too.  The food is always consistantly good.
This place is the best. For real. Just had lunch there two days in a row. Naan wraps are absolutely the best idea ever.
Ok What the heck Bella Pita, what the heck?

Stopped by today for a quick lunch with David B. and was hugely disappointed. They make those pitas so flimsy and destructible it's impossible to stuff them with as much sauces and veggies as you want without it literally exploding apart in your hands. David very politely asked for a plate and he was told "ohhhhh. Nooooo. You see? We don't do plates here." Okaaaaaaaaaaay. So then David asked for one of those styrafoam cartons instead that the guy was holding in hand and dude said "Ohhhh, see these are for the salads." Say what? You won't even give us a freaking container to make it easier to eat your food? Lame to the 1 millionth degree.

My other gripes that have brought down my rating for Bella Pita include the disappearance of the grilled and seasoned cauliflower from the veggie bar AND when we got our cups of water the cups were barely more than half-full and the water was room temperature.

Bella Pita, you really failed me today.
Your money can go quite far at zankou's.  The other day we were three starving girls with 20 bucks total...ahh zankous saved the day.  

Believe the hype! The garlic spread is all that and more!  I always pass this place coming home from yoga and I always think about how delicious their garlic spread would be on almost everything I can think of..well mostly everything...

The falaffels here aren't that great.  I've had better falaffels elsewhere.  The chicken tarna is delicious!  It left me and my friend stuffed with extra.  A whole chicken, though might be smaller in size than costco would definately fill up a whole family!  I haven't had any of the wraps here, so I can't vouch for them.  

What more can you ask for? Great chicken, great pita, and OH GOSH yummmy garlic spread!
This is an Ann Arbor institution. For the price, this is one of the best restaurants in the city. Many fond evenings have been spent here as a part of the quintessential AA experience.
I came here with a friend on a Friday evening with a friend and we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which wasn't bad at all considering Cuchi Cuchi had quoted us an hour and a half.  We had the veggie Puu Puu platter, and the various dips and accoutrement ran the gamut from "oh-my-god-this-is-the-best-thing-I-have-ever-put-in-my-mouth" to just mediocre.  It was definitely a fun eating experience, though!  We also had the  calamari, which swam in a tomato broth, and could have been a little warmer.

Drinks took a long time to come out, and the cocktails were slightly off....the Old Fashioned was too sweet and the Gin House wasn't sweet enough.

The staff must have felt that we were lingering too close to 11 (when the dancing starts), because it felt like they were always trying to clear plates we were still working on.  Also, as the other diners got up and left, the staff moved their tables off to the side, until we were sitting at the only table in the middle of the dance floor. Awkward.....
Dollar-for-dollar, this is the best restaurant in Ann Arbor.  I go here nearly once a week, and I've sampled most of the menu, and it's all pretty good - from the falafel and grape leaves to the standout lentil soup.

That said, about a year ago, I discovered the "Jerusalem Burger sandwich", and I've never looked back.  Just fantastic.
I thought this place was all right, I mean I would say that having my hookah instead of going out to smoke is way better.  I don't think the flavors were all that great.  After like 3 or 4 hits, I could taste the coal overpowering the flavors.  

I do love their service, and their list of food.  Their crowd was pleasing, and everyone was nice.  I just wished their hookah didn't suck, cause we ended up spending $72 for 3 flavors.  -____- Now that was a killer.
This is the best Mediterranean style food I have ever had.  I usually order the beef kabob plate.  They prepare it very quickly (literally within 30 seconds), and it is under $10.  This is the type of place where I can eat at everyday and not get sick of it.
Great place to grab a quick lunch or pick up dinner on the way home. There's usually a line but it goes really fast. The food is always hot and fresh and the portions are great for the price.

They got 4 out of 5 stars because I wish they stayed open later.
I walked passed it many times thinking it was Boba all the time. When I finally decided to give it a try, I just found out it's not a Taiwanese cuisine!

The waitress had no smile at all which made me think she's kinda discriminate against Asian people.
The beef was extremely overcooked and I can hardly chew it! At the end, we just dumped out everything.

Sorry.
They opened my freshman year years ago and it's been my favorite falafel place in the country ever since!  Every time I go back to Providence, I make it a point to stop by.
Good food. Has a nice roof top patio. You should try the combination salad plate to try out all the good stuff in small portions! A touch expensive but that's what you get to b located at harvard square.
One of our friends recommended that we stop by this place when we spent an afternoon at the Norton Simon museum, and while initially hesitant, we were not disappointed. 

We had the chicken wraps, and they were incredible. I don't eat very much meat normally, but the chicken was so tender and flavorful, and with the amazing garlic sauce it really does melt in your mouth. We had a side of hummus and pita and it was all great. I wish they had these in Northern California!!
Well, THIS place is definitely going to become a regular stop. Wow. I haven't tried anyplace new downtown in a long while but I'm glad I was feeling adventurous yesterday. 

La Pita Fresh fills the un-void left by the meathead juice bar (sorry, but that place was insane) that stood there not all too long ago. The inside has been redone in dark colors reminding me of a NYC pizza shop. The inside is clean and very air-conditioned. There is a television on mute and music in the background. Only one other patron was there when I visited. 

The menu is a decent size and offers larger Mediterranean plates along with snacks and sandwich offerings. I tried a spicy falafel sandwich with a side of hummus. 

Yum! I was a little put off by how cold the outside of my wrap was, but I think it's to help keep the veggies crisp. My sandwich was awesome, but too big (I'll split with someone next time). The falafel was perfectly done and there was just the right amount of spicy tahini, lettuce and tomatoes (I got mine sans pickles). The hummus was great - and because there's none on the falafel sandwich I just dipped a little. 

The restaurant is low-key. You order and get a number and are called up when it's ready. The woman working was friendly and efficient and the place is very clean. I cannot wait to go back.

Update: I've been back.  Still awesome.  Go.  Now.
Tried the beef and chicken shwarma and they were both good. Beef was a tad dry but the chicken was great.

Definitely will be back!
I love Hummus - I just moved to the area and live around the corner. I'm working from home and have been looking for inexpensive, convenient and tasty lunch places. Hummus is great - I love their falafel and shawarma, it tastes like the Middle East right here in West Philly. The falafel was great and the shawarma was tasty and the chicken was tender. The only downside is that it takes a little while if it's crowded; if you call ahead and order, it's ready when you get there. Prices are very reasonable - definitely a lunchtime staple!
Having arrived in Pasadena a little earlier than I anticipated I decided to park and meander lackadaisically around the streets for a bit. Just a heads up, the street crossing machines talk. They tell you when to cross and which street you are crossing. It's pure magic but it scared the beejeezus out of me each time. 

After checking out a few shops and being wowed by the light posts I thought I ought to feed my grumbling tummy. I also wanted to make sure my meal was somewhat healthy. This is how I ended up inside Pita! Pita!. For whatever reason the insides are decorated with a mix of Middle Eastern influence and a lot of Mexican. It's odd. But the food looked good so I ignored it. 

It's order at the counter. The man behind said counter pointed me to the menu and smiled. I looked at it for a little bit and settled on 1/4 dark meat chicken. They were out. This makes me sad. Then I decided to order a side of dolmas (4pc). I didn't have any cash and the minimum for a card is $5 so I also had a side of hummus.

I went to the bathroom and when I came back all my food was ready to go. The nice counter man even brought me some utensils. The dolmas were okay. There was this sauce that came with them that had some serious stealth kick. It was tasty. The real star was the hummus. It was super smooth and extremely delicious. It's served with a few pita chips and a few slices of pita. I ate all 4 pita chips and 1/2 a pita. I considered licking the hummus out of the bowl but figured that might be inappropriate (though I was the only person there). 

For a quick bite of Middle Eastern food in a Mexican environment I would recommend Pita! Pita!  You may not be wowed but you will leave with a smile & (if you are anything like me) some hummus on your face.
Yummy falafel
So basically, I eat here every day.

The sandwiches (or "wraps" as yuppies call them) are nicely packed and filled with the traditional lettuce, tomato, pickle (!) and tahini, along with your choice of meat or falafel.  They also have hot sauce that has an oddly smoky flavor.

They normally grill them, which can be weird if you're used to every other falafel slinging joint ever.  You can, however, ask the dude making your sandwich to give it to you ungrilled - this usually solves the leak problems that some people moan about.

For an extra dollar, you can get any number of other fillers in your sammich, including falafel (in a shawarma or kabob), grape leaves, hummus, baba ghanouj and tabbouli.

The falafel itself isn't so super - it's mushy, not greasy-crispy like they have at Falafel King in Downtown Crossing.  I'd say it's more of a "put it in along with a shawarma" falafel, than a "make a sandwich out of it by itself" falafel.

The chicken and lamb shawarmas are the real high spot though - the meat is grilled really well and tastes damn good for the money you're paying (less than $5 for a regular sandwich).

Also, the dudes who work at Moody's are pretty awesome, although it's hard to chat them up when it's packed.

The place is open 'til 3AM, which is excellent for alcoholics like me.

Do yourself a favor and get takeout, the place is so small that eating in is like eating in your closet.

Also, if you call ahead they will love you because you're not clogging up the place waiting for your food.

Oh, and expect a wait for your food if the place is packed - it's not excessive, but worth noting.

The place is basically keeping me alive at this point, so much love to Moody's.
Atmosphere * * * * *
Food * * * *
Service * * 
Price * * * 

Average it out...3.5..so I'll be on the nicer side and go with 4.  The food is good, priced fairly, but damn...the service is so slow.  If you're starving...go somewhere else.  What's really awesome is the location and the inside decor.  We sat upstairs right near the circle opening thinger.  It's a tight fit wherever you're sitting.  However, good food and awesome atmosphere make up for it.
I just got done writing a bad review for Zankou (STANKoo) Chicken, so I figured I should pat Med Cafe on the back. This place is delicious, quick, healthy (or relatively) and the guys behind the counter are so nice. The chicken shwerma is soo delicious, I could eat it everyday. The veggie combo plate is good too. I wasn't HUGE on the falafel, but then again, maybe it's just not my dish. 

I love this place!!!!
Great value, open late, always hits the spot. 'nough said.
Based on word of mouth alone, it seems that East Side Pocket has a dedicated fan base of students and former Providence residents. One admirer even went so far as to tell me that the Boston variations were hard as doggie biscuits in comparison. 

Well, ESP's golden reputation is well deserved as I came to find out this past weekend.  I couldn't wait to try the famed "donut-shaped" falafel that would put all others to shame.  So excited were we, that the boyfriend and I ordered 1 falafel wrap, 1 chicken gyro and a side order of falafel served with tahini and hummus. We also contemplated the grape leaves but decided that we'd leave that one for next time... With my first bite, I recognized the true genius behind a falafel ball that was not only moist and delicate on the inside but also lightly crisp on the outside. My only quibble is that the wrap/Syrian bread was a little too dry and hard, but the rest of the ingredients were terrifically fresh. The chicken was both juicy and tasty. I also marveled at the slightly spicy and sweet hot sauce.  

Funny thing is, while we left stuffed and satisfied with our cheapo meal, we actually came back a couple hours later to get a 2nd takeout order of falafel to bring back to Boston for the couple that had originally recommended that we try ESP.  On this subsequent visit, the counter guy recognized us and threw in 2 phyllo sweets (melt-in-your-mouth buttery!) as a complimentary treat.  Now that's what I call customer service!  They will surely see me again on my next trip to Providence.
Me versus:
an awful, soggy, bland grape leaf wrap that took a million years to make.

Who wins? NO ONE

I agree with the previous reviewers; this place is simply terrible.

Grape leaf wrap = limp chewy grapeleaves stuffed with tasteless (watery?) rice that was subsequently placed into a stale wrap followed by microwaving which made the whole entire thing a soggy lukewarm mess.

On top of all this, the bread was dried out and cold by the time (microwaving will do that) I bit into it but the rice was super hot inside (that damn microwaving again) which burned my tongue!

Plus, it took them forever to even get around to microwaving my food even though the place was empty.

I like to support local restaurant joints but they gotta at least have some yummy food
I don't know why it has taken me so long to write this review but I loveddd the show I saw at the Middle East a few months ago. The sound was pretty much the best I've heard in a smaller venue and even though we had to wait on a VERY long line down Mass Ave. it was worth the wait. I'd love to try some of the food at some point too.
I absolutely love love love love love Turkish food. I could eat it all day, every day- so who would have thought that right next to Woodrow's, smack in the middle of fratty Rice Village, I would find a solid, super friendly and delicious Turkish/Mediterranean restaurant?

I have been to this place twice this week. The first time, was last wednesday, when I had lunch with one of my HS besties... we played it safe. We ordered the Lahmajoun, which is like a Turkish meat pizza... but not as bready, and if you add lemon, it tastes more than delicious. It was soft and extremely meaty. Then, we had gyros, which came with tomato, onions, and deliciously pickled cabbage. For drinks, we had Turkish Sprite, which tastes like sprite (it isn't actually Coke brand) but without corn syrup! yay-

Last night, Eric (the now Fiance) and I needed some late night food. So we headed to Istanbul Grill (at my request). It was just two minutes after their 10:00 pm Sunday closing time, but they still let us in. We ordered to go, and we ordered two Lahmajouns, an order of Choban Salad and Doener Kabob. I had absolutely no complaints. I haven't yet tried most of their menu, but the taste and service and convenience of this place has turned me into a fan!
AWFUL!! Seriously, do not bother wasting your lunch break here--b/c that's what it will be, a waste.  I used to patronize the truck that Olive Tree (formerly Jerusalem) Cafe had out at the MIT lot.  After a few friends of mine got food poisoning from the food, I put my visits on hiatus.

Rob C. and I met up for a quick lunch date today in celebration of the fact that we, once again, work near each other.  Miracle Of Science was packed so we wandered down the street and figured "hey, why not give this little place a shot."

Forty minutes later we still didn't have our order of grape leaves, hummus and falafel.  (Note, there were no customers waiting to order when we arrived and only  a few trickled in after us).  

We didn't even have time to enjoy our lunch together as our lunch hours were just about up. To add insult to injury, the one woman working didn't bother to ring us up, just rounded our orders to $10.  Cheap yes, but still more than what the prices on the menu listed.

At this point we didn't bother to argue, just fled out the door to try to quickly eat our soggy grape leaves, oily hummus, and uncooked (yup after forty minuts), tough, and nasty falafel.  

Forget you Olive tree--never again.

And if the business owner ever reads this--please tell your employee--if they are the only person working during a lunch hour, it's bad practice to hide behind the counter talking on the phone all through lunch.
okay falafel, service is unfriendly, place is clean inexpensive.  i've only eaten the falafel wraps and they've been really good at times and other times the falfel has been cold and the actual wrap has been almost stale.
The beef wowshi is awesome. I came here once when visiting a friend at UCLA and I've been craving these ever since. I really love the small shop with its very few workers and their visible kitchen in the back for all the customers to see. It gives it that nice hole in the wall look.
fondly referred to as the "palestini-jawn," this place is recent discovery for me and my roommate.  we're vegans, so we're always on the lookout for new and exciting vegan food of all geographic cuisines, especially late-night options.  this one tops the bill in our neighborhood.

$2.50 falafel with really great hot sauce and tahini, $3 platters of couscous with spiced lentils and veggies, and all kinds of middle eastern / indian / pakistani / even african treats:  nuts, breads, meejool dates, canned and jarred pickled items, etc etc etc.

very friendly folks, too.  i stop there almost every day for a little something to brighten my palate and my day.
Awesome! In Old Towne Claremont. Sidewalk seating available.  COZY inside.  I had Lamb Shawerma sand, with falafel patties n dipping sauce.  Fabulous.  Family owned n operated.   Friendliness isn't a good enough term to describe service.  If you like more than just burgers for lunch, you'll love this place. Fast service with a smile,  or take your time. Secret* sacas.com. take the survey and get a free side dish next visit . I ate like a king for just under $10. I WILL BE BACK!
I love east side pocket - I have yet to find a better falafel anywhere else and I often catch myself comparing every other falafel I order to theirs...so juicy, so flavorful, and so inexpensive!
Good, consistent food and probably the best Chicken Shawarma in town. Also good for late nights - Its open till really late on Friday-Saturday nights.
The only bad things about this restaurant are
- Pay extra for sauces 
- Only Cash policy
- Not enough seating
Food is okay, Service is Sloppy.

Price is cheap, you will get what you pay for.

Will not recommend.
Falafel yes!!!

Best middle eastern food around.  The place is spotless, the food is delicious and the line is quick.

An absolute favorite!
Came here tonight with my boyfriend because he was craving for Greek food. Soumarelo was our first choice and zankou chicken second, but since both were closed we stumbled upon pita pita while cruising colorado blvd for other Mediterranean restaurants. I was quite excited to try it out considering it was my first time eating it. 

The staff was extremely nice. I ordered the Lamb Roast Pita Wrap while my boyfriend had the Chicken Shawerma Wrap. I ate half of the wrap and didn't finish the rest. The pita chips were NOT fresh and even the soda had that nasty fountain taste for those of you that know what I'm talking about. The only thing that was decent were the french fries, but even that ruined my appetite after squeezing the pack of ketchup and noticing that it was possibly expired!? 

My first experience with Greek food was absolutely traumatizing because pita pita turns out to be a Middle Eastern restaurant! And no offence to Middle Easterns, but the ear piercing music played in there was very unpleasant. Thank goodness dessert at yogurtland made up for it all! Hopefully, the second time around at a real Greek restaurant won't be as traumatic.
Love everything here. I think one of the few things I have not tried is a Gyro. Hummus is excellent. Ratatouille is delicious and I've been known to come in on more than one occasion just to get the Turkish Tea and Rice Pudding.  
The service has always been good and they guys will even bring the food over to the Gingerman for you.
ahh the middle east. drippy ceilings and puddles on the bathroom floor. local and not-so-local bands that draw a fantastically diverse group of smokers and drinkers and straightedgers.  and, um, mousaka and whipped garlic spread?

an independent venue? that has decent food and reasonable covers? getting to be somewhat rare in this town...
I've always thought that there should be such a thing as a Naan Wrap. This place has been reading my mind. 
Krazi Kebob should be more aptly named. Something simple, yet descriptive, like "Naan Wraps." Because that's what this place is; Naan Wraps. They don't even have Kabobs. I watched the guy work a whole grill of chicken. They have beef, chicken, paneer, and their own Tandoor. It's basically an Indian Chipotle, where they use Naan Bread instead of Flour Tortillas. 
Some of the ingredients wouldn't stand on their own, such as the Chole, which by itself is pretty bland. But when you roll it all together with the corn and the tomatoes, cilantro, onions, rice, cheese, beans, lettuce, guacamole, peppers, paneer, salsa, etc, it's delicious. Think Mexi-Indian Chipotle style food, all rolled up in a big fluffy naan with some sauce. You can have it your way.

BTW: I walked by the stupid Chipotle on the way here and there was a line out the door. There is no way I'm waiting in line for Chipotle!

Krazi Kebob has been open since 11/10, it's right next to Marathon Deli, and I'm hooked.  For less than $10, you get two meals in one. It feels like 2lbs of food! (see pics) Plus, it's never busy whenever I go, and the ordering style is the same as Chipotle/Subway, so you can just point and grunt... mmmmm... Deee---licious!!
I'm so sad how many people really don't like this place.  During the summers, our family goes here for brunch often on Sunday afternoons.  They make the best french toast I've had anywhere!

The place is family owned and run, and possibly overwhelmed with so much family to care for while running a restaurant, it's rather obvious I agree.  On Sunday afternoons their teenage daughter is often the waitress, she's sweet and shy, the atmosphere is pretty authentic and unique for a Cambridge restaurant.

Eating here is like eating at a friend's house, it's not for everyone, I have personally witnessed the service issues, and I can't disagree it could be better, it also depends on the day.  However, I'm also not usually in a rush when I come, it's a family meal, we come to relax and enjoy ourselves over a good meal.  

The food I've had here makes up for the service and has always been good.  It's probably also the cheapest eat in town, for a table of three we often only spend $10 before tipping (we tip well, it's a family owned business).

Summers are best here, we can enjoy the seating outside, enjoy the breeze on a sunny day, people watch, and be served outside.  I am all for supporting a local family owned and run business.
Authentic shawarma....most of the time.  Some times it might taste a little off because they recycle old shawarma.  All shawarma joints do this.  At the end of the day, they take the left-over shawarma, grind it, and place in between the layers of new meat.  This is why you see different colored bands of meat when you look at the skewer.  A tip is to always ask them to cut from the top of the Skewer.

To all those complaining about the Falafel here are my two cents. As a Middle Easterner, I can tell you that the only way to eat Falafel is to have them fried in front of you , at the time when you order them.  They are supposed to to be hot, have a crunchy shell, and semi-soft interior.  Anything else tastes awful.  Logistically it is difficult for a restaurant to do that...and this is why they pre-fry them and warm them up on order.  This is why I never ever order falafel around here.
This was actually one of the last restaurants I tried on the drag. It never really appealed to me until I tried one of their lunch special wraps; even then, my first sandwich was very poorly sauced. I remember coming out of the restaurant telling my friend I would not go there again.

HOWEVER, I had a craving for gyro one day, so I stepped back into the restaurant. I was very happy that I did. Within a week, I tried their chicken shawarma and beef shawarma sandwiches. They were delicious! Also, they are open into the early hours of the morning.

I have been trying something new every time I go now. Tonight, I stepped in with a friend and grabbed a salad with beef shawarma on top. Another customer recommended I try their dishes next time because they are much better than the wraps. 

In my opinion:
- Cheap and good
- Open late
- Better than Arpeggio Grill
- Different from VERTS 

Only con:
- Wait time can be anywhere from 5-10 min depending on the type of meat you ordered, but they have plenty of TVs on sports center to keep you occupied.
I was recently told this is Lebanese food.  It's still on my "Won't be back" list.  Yelp catagorizes it as Greek.
I came here during my lunch break, and I have to say, the food did live up to its expectations!

I only got the falafel pita, and it was way better-tasting than the ones served in the university dorm's dining hall. It was nice and hot when I received it, and I piled the pita with an assortment of shredded lettuce and tomatoes, as well as topped it off with tahini sauce (Bella Pita has a self-served station in which you can customize your pita or wowshis). 

Eating it...was a revelation. Okay, I exaggerate, but it was tasty nevertheless: the falafels (two or three of them stuffed inside the pita) were on the cusp of crunchy and soft, blackened dark from frying, and compressed into a patty shape to make the pita sandwich easier to eat (I guess). Wonderfully seasoned, and with a pleasantly surprising green color inside. The pita was also a beautiful piece of work itself: warm and slightly fluffy. I was almost sad to finish the whole chef d'oeuvre.

The reason why I gave this a 3-3.5 star review: the service. The workers seemed a little distracted, and initially I had also ordered a banana wowshi. However, they said that the bananas were not ripe yet, so they couldn't make it. They gave refund, but I was disappointed.

However, I would choose to come back, and try their other dishes. As well as the banana wowshi!
Argh, Moody's ... I'm so close to giving you 5 stars, but a few things are just killing it for you! 

+ It's not that I don't love your wondrous lamb shawarma, with juicy meat, tahini, cucumber, tomato and pickles. 

+ Or how you're open late in a city that sleeps too damn early (3 am on Thursdays through Saturdays, 3 AM!!!). 

+ Don't get me wrong, I love how 2 people can stuff themselves silly for the price of 1 entree at any restaurant nearby. Moody's has great bang-for-the-buck cost-effectiveness that you can't replicate.

HOWEVER, these things are dragging your business down, Moody's. You want that 5th star? Fix this:

- When I want that quick-and-easy take-out dinner for those weeknights when work has been sucking ass and I just don't give a damn, take my credit card. I don't care that my order is under $15. If you're going to slap a VISA sticker on your establishment, follow the merchant agreement with Visa and DON'T IMPOSE A MINIMUM PURCHASE AMOUNT. It's a violation of Visa rules, and what's worse, an inconvenience to your customers. I understand you have to pay Visa, but do you want my money or not?!

- If you're going to tell me that you are out of chicken kabobs, show me that you're actually out of chicken kabobs. Last night, I ordered the kabobs since I saw 8 or 9 of them on the grill. The guy there told me I can't have them, because someone else already placed an order for all of them. Fair enough. After I finish eating 20-25 minutes later, the same kabobs are still cooking on the grill! Now these aren't big kabobs, and they sure as hell don't need to be grilling for that long (unless someone likes tough meat). So do you have the f'ing kabobs or not?! Plus, how in the world do you run out of kabobs at 6pm on a weeknight?! Moody's has been around for as long as I can remember, and I'm pretty sure they should know how much food to prepare for each business day.

Those last two points piss me off, yet Moody's still gets 4 stars. That's how good this place is. Remember, there are only 12 seats inside and it gets packed. $15 minimum order to use your credit card. Lamb shawarma. Lamb shawarma. Mmm .... lamb shawarma ....
Good but very inconsistent.  

When its "on," the food is delicious, but I have visited on "off" nights where I've left disappointed.  

I haven't figured out a pattern or rhyme/reason for what drives this inconsistency...in the meantime, I've decided to move on to greener pastures (er, I mean tastier shawarmas).
Have you ever had wowshi? No? GO NOW AND GET SOME. You won't regret it. It seems as if every time I walk by this restaurant it's bustling inside, and now I know why. They have some really good Greek food at one of the most affordable prices in Westwood. Also, the first pass at the toppings bar is free. Which means unlimited hummus, hot sauce, peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, etc. on your falafel, wowshi, whatever. Do it. Go.
This is a tough review for me to write. I'm from the middle east and have been calling bs on the shawarmas out here in Seattle. Shawarma does not equal Gryo people!! 

Okay before I get too riled up, I'll go on to say that this is the closest thing to the real deal I've tasted in years! They use the right bread, the right garlic sauce, the only thing the'yre missing is the pickled veggies ratio inside the shawarma itself. Shawarma King - I love you, with all my heart and soul. Thank you for sharing a little piece of home with me!
Vegetables instead of home fries, and my zucchini and feta omelet came with extra veggies and a huge slab of seasoned feta across the top. The waitress kept refilling mine and my companion's coffee mugs without being asked. And the toast was wheat, and we hadn't even had to ask for it. I'll definitely be returning here.
The Middle East is one of the best places to see live music in Cambridge, perhaps even the whole metro boston area.  They keep cover charges reasonably low (usually under $10 for shows upstairs) and are host to many excellent local and national acts coming through the area.  Between their cozy upstairs and immense downstairs rooms, there is a show worth checking out almost every night of the week.  Most shows are 18+.  For those uninterested in the music scene they serve quality middle eastern food and have two separate bars with no cover charge.
In a funny little strip mall in CP, the Mosaic Cafe is somewhat of a diamond in the rough. We didn't do anything but smoke and drink tea, but the charcoal kept coming, and the employees would check in regularly. Clean, well managed, doesn't get too noisy so you can enjoy your partner's company, and they stay open late. It's really just an ideal traditional style shisha cafe for those who like them. No frills, but more importantly, no disappointments. 

Worth a smoke break in CP.
I went back to this place looking for somewhere open late for dinner with my sister. On a Wednesday evening it seems many places close at 9 or 10pm.

We had fantastic service and wonderful food at a good price.

We had Baba Ghannouj (which even my sister who doesn't like eggplant loved) and Spanakopita for appetizers. My partner and I had Shanfari Paneer and Vegetable Tagine, and the meat-eating sister had Kifta Kebab. We all loved it, and despite being hungry we couldn't eat everything. Price for main courses - under $11 each.

It'd be nice to see a couple of additional vegetarian options (besides the two main courses, which were both great).

I had been to Mosaic a couple fo times in the past and thought it was alright when it first opened. Now I think it's really doing well and would definitely recommend it.

One word of caution, there are people in the restaurant smoking hookah. It added a nice flavour to the air for us, and wasn't obtrusive, but if you are very sensitive you might not enjoy it.

Finally, you can bring your own bottle of wine and drink it with your meal for a small corkage fee. We discovered this on arrival and you can walk across the parking lot to Town Hall to buy a bottle.

I like the atmosphere and decor and the staff were really fantastic and friendly.
The last time I had this place was probably more than five years ago. Boy had I forgotten how good it was.

I ordered the lamb and chicken kabob combo plate. Was ready almost immediately, and did not fail at leaving me speechless. Mediterranean Cafe has just created some of the best kabobs in my opinion. I don't remember it being this damn good. The chicken was superb and the lamb amazingly marinated, both perfectly cooked. Rice was awesome along with the salad and pita with hummus. 

I can't wait to go back. Mediterranean Cafe I'm on to you!
Try a Tomato Pie (pizza without cheese). The sauce is tangy, with a kick of spices, and no cheese makes it a lighter meal.

And its only 10 bucks for a large!

Can't beat this place for convenience if you're on campus. Call ahead to order.
Great breakfast, brunch, Middle Eastern and French dishes! Nice art displays on rotation. A sort of dingy environment - but don't go for the interior decor, go for the great food!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
9 Service
4 Atmosphere
6 Value

I just get frustrated with their occasional "we're out" on certain items and lack of selection.  But what they do have is good.
I stuff his pockets, he stuffs my tummy.

Avocado falafel pita pocket is a sure winner. Try the red chili sauce. My pita pocket exploded. Tahini sauce all over my face. A beautiful sight.
Kind of slow making a cup of coffee. I would give it another chance.
why 3 stars you ask ??? it's not my fault that yelp equates 3 stars with 'A-OK' and 4 with 'Yay I'm a fan !'. 

so, A-ok, it is.

The food is pretty good, actually it's better than bombay, but it's also more expensive. So, if you're not a student and want to avoid the college crowd ( cuz you can't help being an arrogant, pompous, prius-ownin, always-bitchin, never-workin, thinkin-you're-better-cuz-you're-twenty seven-years-old ladette) this is where you wanna come if you're craving some curry.

For the students who come here - you better hope you have a date to impress or at least it's your birthday.
Great food, though cashier's have attitude
I used to love Falafel Palace.  Their falafel sandwiches and spinach pies were my favorite.  However, I had a terrible experience a few months ago.  I watched one of the cooks run his hands through his hair a few times and then he started touching all of my food.  It grossed me out and now I can't go back.  I know this type of stuff happens out of my view in many kitchens, but seeing that made me nauseous.
One of the best mediterranean places I've been to in the area. I had the chicken shwar plate and it was filling.  The chicken was very tender and delicious.  There was this garlic butter. Soo good! The hot sauce was really good too. 

Beef kabob was delicious too. I still give this place 5 stars even though my pita was a little cold. However, the hummus tasted authentic.
Yum my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
This place has consistently disappointed me. First the positive: I've been to the belly-dancing on Wednesday nights a couple of times which is quite interesting and fun.

Now the negative: the service is the worst I've experienced in the Boston area. In the past (and last) two visits, I have gone with friends. We get seated immediately and then wait and wait....and wait. After practically staring at the waitress, she finally comes over trying to chuckle off her absence and takes our orders. Then she enters a void. 
 
Half an hour later (mere minutes decide we will walk out) our simple order (a falafel wrap and shwarma wrap) a put down on the table. The man who directed us to our seats, whose only discernible job beyond that is to keep the water glasses filled (which he does not do either) pretty much stands around the entire time we are in the establishment.  

Upon finishing my friend and I wait another 5 minutes then put down whatever money we think we probably owe. We don't know because we never got the bill. 

There were probably 3 other tables seated. My friend and I both work in food service and are generally sympathetic to other servers, but this was ridiculous. Will not be back at least not for the food.
I love Pita Pita for their tasty food, quick service and very nice staff.  I love the falafel, humous, spicy chicken, shwarma, as well as their salads.  Everything is great!  I shorted them one star because I think the prices are on the higher side - $9.50 for a plate meal.  But, go for warm, friendly service and very good food.
This place is my favorite Mediterranean spot. They are always packed but the two guys at the counter  (and the cook line) have it down pack, spitting out orders like a machine. I normally order the chicken or beef kabob plate but last time I switched it up and got the Kefta (Lule-ground beef) and OMG heaven.  It's huge...comes with 2 kabobs, hummus, salad, rice pilaf and pita bread for $8.25. You cant beat that in Pasadena. Oh and you get a little cup of chili and garlic paste- yummo...just dont try to suck face with anyone after that...brushing your teeth is mandatory afterwards!  It's very small, mom and pops feel and I love it.  Oh tabbouleh is great here too...what are you waiting for, go get some! But just not on my lunch hour...
For being a college town, it's hard to find good, cheap good in Westwood. It's usually a trade-off. I still mourn for the days when U-Dog had this spot, and we could stumble back from Maloney's for some 92-cent hot dogs and the best fries I've ever had, but if I had to pick a place to be its successor, I'm definitely happy that Bella Pita is here. 

I first discovered it while walking by, and was offered a sample of the Black Bean Wowshi. "WOWshi" is right! (sorry, I try to hold the cheese in my reviews, but sometimes I can't help it). I immediately went back for lunch the next day and bought one. Warm, savory, delicious comfort food that you can load with your own toppings such as tomatoes, spicy sauce, lettuce, tahini, etc. I've gone back and ordered the falafel (fantastic!), steak pita, and tuna pita since. The bar of condiments is what makes it special, where you can make it as healthy or unhealthy as you want with everything you can take without tearing your pita bread. There is something for everyone here; you can take those friends who are scared of ethnic food and they'd be happy, too. 

There is almost NO seating, so I'd recommend getting your food to go!
You know what really is interesting? That this restaurant USED to be a favorite of Armenians all around Los Angeles County, but now....Well lets jsut say we try to avoid it like the plague. Where to start.... The Shawerma...Horribly dry, and chunky fatty....The Roasted Chicken, which used to be the best in LA, now doesnt even stand close to other chicken places owned by Armenians around Pasadena, and LA....I mean why would i come in and get under cooked chicken thats burned on the outside, and not cooked enough on the inside and get a nasty tummy ache every single time!?. ridiculous!  The Garlic spread used to be home-made and now is mass produced, therefore obviously tastes like cardboard. and at last.....the prices...How ridiculous are the prices now? They're gone up at least 70% in the last 5 years!! A chicken wrap shouldnt be more then $5 dollars!! SCREW THIS PLACE, THEY RIP YOU OFF, AND SERVE YOU FOOD THAT HAS DECLINED IN QUALITY, STEADILY, OVER THE PAST 10 YEARS.
There's nothing completely WRONG about Aceituna. It's more that I've been here twice and have been completely underwhelmed. 

The food is fine (I've had the falafel wrap as well as the chicken plate) but it's pretty overpriced for meh food. Nothing ever tastes bad, off or gross so I guess I have to give them credit for that. And I do LOVE their pickled turnip bits (which they happily add a little extra to my wrap when asked). 

Both times I've been the line has been rather nuts, but there didn't seem to be any waits for tables. 

So, in short, a solid bet if you find yourself in the area. But nothing I'd go out of my way to go to.
I started eating at Kismet way back in the day when I was a young college student. With all the chain restaurants (most competitively, Pita Pit) up and down the drag, Kismet was the unique and yummy but affordable alternative. So, when I ventured back to my old stopping grounds the other week, I, of course, had to stop by.

When I first started going to Kismet, I got the Chicken Caesar PIta until one day, I took a bite of my friend's Gyro Pita, and I've been hooked ever since. That's the good stuff. The meat is so flavorful and moist and combined with the tzatziki sauce, lettuce, and tomatoes in the pita, it's suberb. Add in fries sprinkled with paprika and a drink and you've got a meal for less than $6.

The service is good, too. The people who work there are polite and the wait for your food isn't too long.

But, one con I have is parking, which is always an issue with restaurants on campus. All I can say is look for street parking in West Campus but GOOD LUCK with that.
Alright.. My fiance and i got a great service last time even though it was a lil pricey....
The place is small but cozy . Good hookah . Great location and open really late .
This place is delicious! My friends were regulars at Little Woodrow's right next door and taught me that you can order to-go from Istanbul and then eat it at Little Woodrow's...enjoy a nice Turkish dish AND a cold pint of beer...priceless! I've had a few different dishes from Istanbul and all are good. I think my favorites are the skewers or the dishes that come with rice because of the yummy pickled cabbage that comes with it too.

Honestly, I think the only thing I haven't liked from here is their mushroom appetizer. Other than that, no complaints.

Good price, close to the bars, pretty quick service.
Although I enjoy this genre of food, I wouldn't say this place stands above the other places I've tried.
For example, Mediterranean cafe, which has some similar items, was better than this one.
Also their plates do not contain enough veggies.
The gyros are the best I have ever had. They spice the meat alittle and cook them with onions. ( Other paces just cut up some meat and put on a pita.)  The guys at Aladdin really prepare a good meal for you.  You can taste the love.
I used to eat here on a daily basis when I went to PCC. I used to eat the Shawerma plate EVERYDAY. I went home smelling of garlic and being totally okay with that.

The plates used to cost like $6 and, as a student, I loved knowing that it was totally under priced. They now cost upwards of $7 dollars a plate an it is STILL and absolute steal. Their salad dressing is amazing, their garlic spread is maybe the most delicious thing on earth. 

I can't speak highly enough of this place. If you are in Pasadena, or the surrounding area, and want awesome food for an awesome price, go here. NOW!
I love me some Zankou. With chicken so tender, hummus so buttery, and garlic sauce so...errr...garlicky, how can I resist? 

Anyway, enough about their yummy food. I just have one thing to bring up. Maybe I'm really anal and weird, but does it bother anyone else that they just throw your uncovered pita on top of the styrofoam box and straight into the plastic takeout bag? I understand they probably don't want the pita to get soggy in the box, but are they just too cheap to use something to wrap the pita in? Even CCC puts their pitas in ziploc bags. Okay, maybe I am weird but it still kinda bugs me.
Pretty awesome Mediterranean food for Champaign. I've only been here once but my boyfriend and I really enjoyed it. Our food came quickly, and while we were waiting we watched what seemed to be a Middle Eastern version of MTV, which was pretty entertaining. We also didn't spend that much but walked out with a ton of food leftover, enough for us to eat an entire lunch the next day.

The only downside of this place, for me at least, was the atmosphere and decorations. I thought it was a little weird and disconnected, but if you come in for a quick bite and just want some good food, it's a nice spot to go.
Great place for delicious lunch! Their avocado falafel is my favorite, I've had it twice and been impressed both times! Its a grab'n'go type of place, so service is quick, and prices are very reasonable ($5-6 for a falafel). 

Only lacking 5th star because seating at this place is VERY limited (~5 tables).
I had both lunch and dinner at Heidar Baba and love the selection of Persians/Iranian food + they have burger. Everything is Halal and they prepare the meat very well. Service is excellent and they have good recommendation if you are not familiar with Persians food.

There are street parking and more at the rear. Good for dinning with big groups and friends.
Pretty good falafel, grape leaves, and baklava may be consumed here. The people working there are also super-friendly, too.

They sell loose grape leaves for $.60/each, so if you're looking for a small, inexpensive, tasty snack, look no further.
I had the chicken tarna. it was good, the chicken was cooked properly, but the skin wasn't as crispy as I hoped. All the accompaniments, hummus, tahini,and garlic sauce,have some acid, probably lemon juice, in them making the meal fairly acidic and one note. the falafel was light and crispy.
makkah has many things fantastic.  among the best- fresh fresh pita, olives (many for not a lot of $), labneh (yogurt spread), spices (very very reasonable), and dates (large, good).  i think the hummus and the yogurts are especially good deals.  

this is your place for the most random spices that you never heard of until cooking lebanese food.  sumac, cardamom, etc.  all in the $2 range, while in center city they are in the $6-12 range.  

i can't speak for the prepared foods, but they smell good.
UPDATE: OMD try the food! Just do it--best baba I've ever tasted!

SOUL NIGHT!!!

Who ever knew a room full of white people could be this fun?

PS-watch out for the girl with the elbows and the bad hair.

PPS-watch out for me, sidewalk dancing and harassing the nay-sayers.
fast, yummy (chicken schwarma - fries inside - extra garlic sauce!).   Very nice people running the establishment.   Inexpensive.  A great place to stop for a quick, delicious lunch.   I regularly meet friends here when I'm downtown for lunch.

Tolerant of children!  Even, super nice to children, I'd have to say.  However, the size of the place (small) makes it a bit difficult to move about.  So, easier to have kids there when there is NOT a lunch/dinner rush.
Falafel sandwich with cheese is awesome
When I was home in New England last month, my husband, mom, sister & I stopped in here.

It is so refreshing to sit in an actual coffee shop, not some blah chain that you can find all over the country (or at least parts of the country) a la Starbucks or "Dunkies" (or Dunn Bros. or even Caribou Coffee -- whose coffee is delicious here where I am in MN, but regardless they are a chain -- I digress).

The house coffee is just tasty, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is just, simply, comforting.
I do not have any complaints about this place except for the amount of dining space available. This place is probably the best Mediterranean place in town; make that in town and most neighboring towns: Their food is exceptional, their service is wonderful, and the price is just how you'd expect food would be priced in Pasadena: It isn't the most expensive, but coming here 3 meals per day 5 times a week isn't recommended. 

There are a lot of people who work in the nearby offices and/or attend school who frequent this place, so this place get packed during lunchtime. But have no fear! their workflow is awesome: Boss takes your order, shouts the order, assembly line makes the order, and in less than 3 minutes (per food order), your food is good to go. When it's less crowded, your food is ready by the time you get your change handed back to you. 

I've had the beef, chicken, lamb, kefta, chicken schawarma, and they have all been amazingly good. There are times where the beef, chicken, and lamb can be dry, but there's nothing the hummus + the garlic sauce (aka toom) can't fix. With the plate, you get 3 kebabs, rice, salad, hummus, garlic sauce, and a pita. With the wrap, you get 1 kebab, salad, and garlic sauce. Usually I get the plate, as it is only a 3 dollar difference, yet gives 3x the amount of food.

The only reason I have to not give this place 5 stars is that they close early (at 7 on the weekdays) and they have vacation in the summer. Yes that probably means they get enough business so that they don't even need to stay for those late dinner hours or have to blast the A/C during the scorching summer weeks. But what about little ol' me?!?! How come you guys don't care about me :/ 

All kidding aside, I would recommend you try this place if you've never been. The food will not disappoint.
This place TRULY deserves five grand stars!  Their food is super delicious, in every bite.  The service is super friendly. Their plates are fresh, and quick, and by quick, i mean it's ready for you even before you finish paying! I always go with the boyfriend and get their beef kebab plate which comes with two beef skewers, rice pilaf, humus, a pita, and their AMAZING garlic spread..my mouth waters as i type..  Additional pita is only 99 cents and additional garlic spread is about $2.25 i believe.  The plates vary in chicken, beef, and lamb and varies about $7.50-$8.50.  This is one of those places I can never get enough of :)

They also have VEGETARIAN options for those who are vegan or vegetarian.
Awesome lentil soup, tasty entrees. Yes, the owner is an interesting guy. I have had similar experiences as other reviewers. Excellent value.
I saw Matthew Good on Saturday at Middle East. Such a great show. I've been to my fair share of venues and this space is amazing. Great sound, small and intimate, a bar on each side, and even places to sit. And clean bathrooms?! 

The restaurant is absolutely great too. I could sit there and hang out for hours. Such a great vibe. My boyfriend and I (both vegan) had dozens to choose from (Which is very rare most of the time.) They also clearly mark what is vegan and what is not. The menu is mostly of the Middle Eastern cuisine (duhh) but they have some sandwiches and a veggie burger and fries if that's not your thing. The food was really reasonable and pretty good. I got the vegetable coucous--a little bland but hey, it's coucous. The hummus and tabloule were soo good. $4.50 blue moons!! what?? These New Yorkers were in heaven. Our server, Sonia, was really great. Very attentive and she kept the table stocked with complimentary pita bread (and hey, it is free pita bread stop complaining people!) And we even annoyingly split the check with 4 credit cards and she didn't mind at all!

I would absolutely come back here for drinking, eating, hanging out, seeing a show. This place is kinda perfect.
This is not the same restaurant as the Indian restaurant on Brooklyn.  So if you see reviews that mention "Butter Chicken", or "Chai by the pitcherful" or "The owners keep the waitstaff tips", this is not that place.  This Cedars does not serve Indian food.

This place, is a tiny little modest Mediterranean place that serves up some really awesome falafel sandwiches, gyros, and a few selections like schwarma or falafel plates.  There is also a walk-up orders to go window outside.

That said, I love this place.  I love the food.  I love the painted wall mural, I love the friendly staff (who for all I know may in fact be the owners).  I just love the homey atmosphere you get here.  You'll love it too.  You'll love it enough to forgive the lack of spaces to sit, or you'll get your sandwich to go.

And if they even have a dedicated wait-staff (seriously ya'll this place is tiny...I think maybe 8 tables) , I have not heard anything about the owners keeping their tips.  I have, however, heard that about the Cedars on Roosevelt, so keep that in mind when you want Indian food.
This food is AWESOME! Great place for carryout. The food is FRESH, HOT, and TASTY! Always a good decision. The only thing I would change is the plastic silverware, and napkins. These items are not up to the standard of the food.
 Just thinking about it makes me want to go there now...
I never knew I loved falafels, or gyro, or tzatziki until I ate here.  Now I can't live without any of those.
Here's my update:

Yup, this is still my favorite restaurant ever.

I would pay their rent if they opened up a columbia heights location.

I'm sitting in DC with an empty stomach daydreaming about going here again.

Daydreaming...? Is this review is about to get creepy? Maybe I should stop now before I say something weirder and ish gets awkward when they recognize me on my next visit.
There really aren't Persian restaurant  Pasadena and thats ok because Heidar Baba is great! 
We've had a lot of family gatherings here and their food is just delish! Period. 
The girls that work there are the sweetest and service has always been great. 
Barg and boneless chicken kabob are always our pic and their tadeek is great!
How can something so delicious be so cheap?! This place is the best discovery I've made.  The Falafel here is really good, but the tahini sauce is just heaven. I always get the Falafel wrap - it's extremely affordable and very satisfying.  I'm so in love with this place : )
Agree with Katie O: Very tasty falafel sandwiches for a pretty decent price.  Great for lunch.

Edit 4/16/08- my last falafel sandwich was just ok (not as great as I remember).  Still not a bad deal though considering its $3.50!

oh one more comment- this isn't the Indian restaurant on Brooklyn.  Reviewers- don't be confused!
This place has amazing lentil soup and falafels - and their falafel wraps are so delicious. I'm so excited to be living around the corner so I can go all the time!
I come here for lunch about once a week. The falafel is so good, and the fries are excellent. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the lack of A/C and seating.
I love this place!  I was thinking about it recently, and I don't go out too often on the ave, but when I do it's almost always to here.  I couldn't even remember the name of the place--just that it involved falafel.

Amazingly tasty fries, awesome veggie options, and open super late.  I love it.
Stopped again on a whim, empty place  at 3pm on a Thursday, the cook actually took my order, then a woman(owners wife) took my money. I ordered a lamb schwarma sandwich and fries, they were good enough, but would have liked a napkin or extra (more than a slice)pickled turnip, I wanted to eat there, but was handed everything to go, so I went to the park in the new section of Claremont, and washed my hands in the drinking fountain! really felt like I was not to be there, ok, I'm getting ready to go to Europe, and am abit scruffy, but please don't push me out .lol!!!!! Probably won't go back..:-(
Why do people go here? really?
for the crappy hookah, that's ashier than ashy larry?
For the sort of ok really overpriced food?
for the "ambiance" of screaming people who have taken a relaxing activity and made it incredibly hectic?
or for the pricks in their ferraris outside adding to the "ambiance"
(and btw i'm a car guy, i love cars, i know alot about cars, and i know you're a prick if you feel the need to drive up and down broxton in your exotic for some sick form of self validaiton based of the jealousy of people in their early twenties)

Habibi's is never worth it. Never. If you want to Hookah go buy one, they aren't that expensive and you don't have to put up with the Ferrari pricks.
I've only eaten at Tallula's once, but it's one of my favorite places to go for weeknight drinks. 

The food isn't great, but it's pretty good. I had some lamb kebabs and antep hummus, and while the kebabs were just okay, the hummus was fantastic. For drinks, well... the first time I went I had the pomegranate mojito and now I can't bring myself to order anything else. The food is definitely overpriced, but the drinks are worth it.

I do love the Middle Eastern decor - my favorite spot is the table set in the bay window looking out on Franklin St. Just a really cozy and intimate spot to chat with friends. I've never tried out the weekend dance parties, but I've heard great things. Tallula's is a really fun place on off nights, so I can imagine that the weekends are probably pretty crazy.
I really think this is the best place for Mediterranean food (even though I am Chinese and even if most of the workers are Hispanic). I haven't gone in a year so decided to go yesterday, and it hasn't changed! The quality of the food is still good. 

There were two of us, we ordered a Chicken Tarna Plate. Basically it includes two bread wraps, three sides of sauce (hummus, garlic sauce, and another bean sauce...), the marinated but not salty chicken, and vegetables (radish, lettuce, and whole jalapeno peppers). The plate was $9.18 but it was a good deal because we split the plate in half and basically was paying for two wraps anyway. 

Like most gyro places, the meat is rotating and is constantly cooking/kept warm on a pole. This may look unsanitary but it is quite clean and REALLY good. I especially liked the hummus and the garlic sauce which brought out even more flavor with the vegetables and the chicken. 

Definitely a must try if you are in the Pasadena area!
ok, the best part about this place. the garlic butter. i gotta find out where they buy that because the garlic butter is amazing. great for lunch but beware of food coma. so be careful when you drive back because you might fall asleep like i do. the prices has gone up at this place since i first been here, but what hasn't gone up in price? i usually get anything on the menu but the lamb (not a lamb fan).  only bad thing is parking, and also DO NOT park in McDonald's parking lot. you'll get towed away.
Ya its OK the only thing i really got upset is that they fill there sandwiches with lettuce reminds of del taco when i get the chicken soft taco all i eat is lettuce no meat or chicken.
Also there chicken i had better same with garlic sauce.
customer service was OK.
J Garden. What can I say, I'm heartbroken that I don't live in Ann Arbor anymore. An absolutely must if you like Middle Eastern food. And, even if you don't. Delicious.
So good.
I was a bit worried about yet another Mediterranean restaurant joining the downtown Ann Arbor area, but the great food and price will have me continuing to return.

I've only tried 2 different dishes: the grape leaves (~$3) and the chicken shawarma plate (~$10). The plate come with a huge portion of rice and juicy tender chicken with an excellent (yogurt?) sauce on the side. It also includes a nicely sized salad and very generous serving of pita and hummus. Each one of these items is delicious on it's own, and together they create an excellent meal. I've ordered this multiple times and it's always been consistently great.

I'm not a heavy lunch-eater, so the plate is easily large enough to provide leftovers for the next day. A plate and a side dish also makes a great dinner to share.

I did knock 1 star off the review due to some cleanliness issues. On my first visit, *none* of the tables were perfectly clean. Some had straw wrappers on them, others had specks of food. On another visit, most tables were clean, but one table was filled with someone's tray+trash. (You are supposed to bus yourself, but I don't think that's an excuse to leave a table messy). The place does have an overall "clean" feel to it though, it's not some grimy hole-in-the-wall.
When considering quality and price, this place is seriously great, it's really a disappointment they don't have better advertising because this place DESERVES business. I found it through Yelp, and now I'm a regular customer, this place is extremely under appreciated! Get a Chicken Wowshie, it's amazing, seriously.
Really really good. A bit over priced but you get a lot of food so it's worth it really. They only deliver with a minimum $10 order though so its not great for a solo night in. Oh and the only semi-negative is the garlic hummus has WAYYY too much garlic and oil on it. You end up with a 50/50 ratio of hummus to garlic oil...not so great.
I absolutely love persian food. Well, mainly the beef koobideh. My boyfriend and I have been to numerous persian restaurants, and sadly this is not one of my favorite ones. It is true, the service is really great, but the koobideh lacks flavor. In fact, it was a good thing we got our food to go because I ended up putting tabasco all over my koobideh. The rice was good, soft and fluffy, but it was mainly the koobideh I was disappointed in. Also, it was $11, which I consider to be somewhat expensive for what I got.
Quick, friendly service for inexpensive vegetarian pitas (falafel, hummus, lentil, etc.) at $4 or under.
Back in my high school days I used to hang out here late nights to early mornings on weekends. I really enjoyed the live musicians and just how loud they blast the music, it's like a straight up dance party every night. I never really had any of the food here besides some desserts and I'm not really a fan of inhaling anything but the hookah here is seriously the shit. I'd like to go back one of these days and just relax with some hookah and then party it up like I did when I was 17.
The food is a little heavy for me and they use a lot of garlic, so I don't go often, but it's really good food. I particularly enjoy the Schwarma Wrap.

Zankou Chicken is a divey chain, not much to look at, but like I said, the food is beyond excellent. It's also pretty close to PCC and a local hang out for people who go to school there.

The food at this place is so good that I'm giving a 5 star review even though it's a little heavy for my taste, contains a lot of garlic and the place is kind of a dive. Seriously good food.
Never ate there, but got scared by a snowman outside of the restaurant. "cool" this if you know what I am talking about. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9gXhIXEXB8&feature=g-u-u
I can always count on the Middle East to provide me a great show. I've been coming here since 2001 to support my local bands, Endway, Haloburn, Junction 18, Lock & Key, HellsWithin, LannenFalls (used to be Brilliant Misstake), Burn in Silence, DrinkFist, well you get the idea. 

Lots of my friends bands have played here and neighboring bars. Between the upstairs and the downstairs, I personally find that the downstairs is a bit more accomodating for larger crowds, especially since they have a 2 bars available on either side. While upstairs only has that lil corner makeshift bar. But I do like the stage set up on the upstairs with the way the awning is shaped. 

However, for a kickass show, downstairs is the place to be. Especially if there is going to be moshing going down. Or even better, when I'm standing front stage, next to the lead singer (Sarah) of Lez Zepplin and being able to catch a drum stick from Helen the Destroyer. 

Drinks are cheap but are in tiny cups. Credit cards are accepted, but I don't suggest it on a sold out night especially since you'll be bounching between the bars to find out which one would serve you faster. 

They do sell earplugs for those who are not strong enough to rock out with the best. Weaklings! Get up front and start head bangin' yo! Get in that mosh pit will ya? Crowd surf much? 

While I have not dined in the actual restaurant part, I do have memories of taking tequila shots and have massive amounts of drinks there after shows have let out. 

Great times, Middle East. Great times.
I have been going here since I was fourteen years old.  Hands down, this is the best mediterranean food in the U-District.  Best falafel in the greater metropolitan area.  (I took my mom here and she admitted that their falafel was better than hers...)  These guys are from Lebanon, and they are funky and cool.  The really old guy taught me how to read my fortune in the grounds of my turkish coffee.  The younger guy always asks me about my family and how my grandpa's doing and stuff.  The sandwiches are delicious and cheap (under $5) and filling enough to be a good lunch alone.  Turkish coffee and baklava are served together for $4 per person.  You are pretty safe ordering anything on the menu, as it is all home-made and delicious. I noticed that many of the reviews on this list are for the other Cedar's restaurant, which is not even the same kind of food and is not nearly as good.
While most people rave about the live music at the Middle East (which is admittedly v.v. good - great bands that I love.. Death Cab, The Strokes, The White Stripes...several good cultural groups too and some interesting independent artists), I'm mostly attracted to the food.

The food is quite similar to that of Zuzu next door (I believe the chefs are linked, unless I'm mistaken), and is delicious. All the usual Arabic food (mostly Lebanese) food here is great - warm, perfectly filled and shaped fatayer with a doughy, chewy but not-too-chewy and crispy but not-too-crispy crust, slightly crunchy and flavourful kibbeh, hommous, baba ghanouj, juicy kebabs, etc.. 

But the one thing that sticks out in my mind the most is the time we ordered catering from the Middle East, for an Arab Students' Association-hosted event at Tufts Univ.... they served up all the usual delicious favourites, and for dessert they not only gave us normal (v. yummy) baklava (or baklawa as we like to call it), but an innovative concoction of their own: chocolate baklawa! 

I was skeptical at first - baklawa's usually supposed to have nuts, honey, rose syrup, etc. in it and not chocolate - but one bite and I was sold. I'm not sure if they have this on their regular menu at the restaurant itself, but I'll have good memories of that sinfully delicious stuff for years to come. Definitely must go check if they have that on the regular menu!

UPDATE 12/18/07: Someone asked me recently if I really liked this place for food, since most people don't find it that impressive. So I figured, this explanation would help:

I liked was the laid back atmosphere. The food IN the restaurant itself wasn't amazing honestly, just alright. I liked the homemade quality to it, and it wasn't the traditional Arab food but more of the simple stuff you'd find in someone's aunt's kitchen. It wasn't incredible but I had a good time when I ate there. We had them cater to our uni a few times while a friend of mine (Egyptian! hehe) waitressed there, and the food they made for us for our events was delicious though - sucks that the catering was mostly better than the in-restaurant food but the food at our events was great! :)
JUICY CHICKEN, LARGE PORTIONS, REASONABLE PRICES

This is my favorite Persian place in Pasadena! The chicken is always moist and the rice is always perfectly cooked. The soup is hearty and hits the spot every time. The portions are HUGE and I love me some leftovers! They also feed you a complimentary appetizer and bread RIGHT AWAY (very smart to keep hungry, grumpy, customers fed to avoid WWIII).

I'm probably the only one here that actually eats the radishes, pickles, onions and basil. It's not because these are my favorite things to eat. This is more attributed to my Asian upbringing where we lick our plates clean to avoid the horrific act of waste. 

One con I must say is their slow service. I don't recommend coming here if you're starving. Other than that, I love it!
Mmm Bella Pita. You may be tucked away in a tiny storefront on Gayley, but one bite into my chicken wowshi and I'm a fan!

I've never had a wowshi before, but apparently they bake your filling into the pita bread before cutting it in half. The pita has the perfect texture and you can pretty much go to town on their salad bar with cucumbers, lettuce, etc to fill up your pita.

And not to mention, for Westwood the price is awesome!
The best Persian restaurant in town.  Food and service is awesome.  Meat is never over cooked and always fresh.  Very large portions, one dinner plate is enough for two.
Look, it's really hard to screw up hookah. But somehow, Habibi did. 

I'm not going to start on the irksome LIPTON TEA BAGS IN A MUG for $3.50 (c'mon guys, you're a middle eastern spot. Egyptian at that. You know how tea needs to be done). Then I'll be writing a novel. And screw that.

This is a terrible overpriced hookah spot that is literally only in business because of white people and UCLA students.

Seriously.
We were in town for a Brown alumni wedding and she told us to check this place out. Hubby and I came in for lunch - LOVED my falafel wrap with everything in it. The hot sauce is surprisingly sweet and not very spicy. Hubby got the gyro platter, which was good, but not as good as my wrap! Kind of reminded me of Chipotle how everything is freshly prepared and ready to be made into you customizable wrap/platter. Great value at around $7.
DELICIOUS!!!!!

Thanks to Yelp, I will now become a regular.  Parking is a bit tight though.  There's a couple spaces in front but if anything there's a plaza right across the street.  I ordered the Kofte Kebab.  It was really good!!  Probably the best lamb I've ever gotten at any Turkish restaurant, anywhere.  The flavor was rich and just so tender.  I wasn't a fan of the red cabbage but I was VERY content with my kebab.  I am drooling just thinking about it.  I think I will try a sandwich next time.  The service was great. I don't think I've ever heard the word "ladies" used so much.
Well, I didn't actually GO to the restaurant. However, they had a stand around the corner at the Harvard Square Oktoberfest. 

I spent $4.50 for a LARGE falafel roll up. MMM GOOD. Usually the fairs are overpriced, but their pricepoint was INEXPENSIVE. Very friendly staff.

They told me good and bad news. Good news is that they'll be open till 3 am like Falafel King.

Bad news is that for you regulars, the menu may change. Falafel King from Cambridge bought it. It'll change it's name soon, they said. However, the mate and I have enjoyed Falafel King in Central in the early am hours. There aren't a lot of places serving food late in the evening in Harvard Square anymore.  This will fill an empty niche.
BOMB.com!!!!!!!!! period.


MMmmm
The place is clean and neat. People are nice and polite. For some reason I don't like the food much. The meat is too dried and less fat. 
 I ordered number 2, and my friend had number 5. the bill was $27, so the price is relatively cheap with big potion. The best thing is about location where you can easily get parked.
They have an iPhone app. Check it out
I've been here several times now, but have ordered the same thing almost every time. I keep telling myself to branch out, be adventurous, but I just can't get past it: their lentil soup is /so good/! 

The fact that they do crepes and carry Zingerman's pastries pretty well concludes my analysis. The staff are a little absent-minded at times, but generally very nice and helpful. My only real complaints are that their Arabic pastries are only mediocre and the bathroom upstairs is kinda skanky. However, the free wifi, reasonable prices and friendly environment keep me coming back. Great place, and joyously close to the law school.
Finally, FINALLY a real Shawarma place!  I've been lucky enough to eat good Shawarma where it is all over the place in Europe --and I've finally found a place that compares to all those places.  And the rest of the menu is good too.  Everything else there my wife and I have tried is also good.  One of my picks for best cheap eats in the whole city.

Want a bonus?  Great atmosphere, especially for a place on the Ave.  Finally, run by a super nice guy.
Not the best food you could get at stamp (that would be either Saladworks, Chick-fil-a, or Panda Express), but the best service belongs to Moby Dick.
They have pretty good bread, but I've had better. And I feel that some of my Asian friends make better rice than Moby DIck does.
This place is pretty much average.
The food has gone diwnhillnover the last year. The last several lamb roll-ups I've ordered have been so sinuey I couldn't even bite through the meat. Awful! What the heck happened!?
I like this place. I really do. And for that matter, I kind of want to give them an extra star, just because (without being too hypocritical) I come here from time to time just to enjoy the atmosphere upstairs and sip on a mint coffee once and awhile. Their food is also excellent, albeit somewhat pricey for café fare. Let it be known that this is less of a coffee house and more of a café-restaurant proper. Your portions will be large and if you balk a bit at the price (something over $10 at a coffee shop? Heavens!) their portions are also very splittable. Their tuna salad is amazingly fresh, and their hummus and tabouli equally so. I'd also highly recommend their lentil soup, to which a touch of lemon is added, giving it a refreshingly light and slightly acidic tone that compliments the nuttiness of the lentils well. 

And inevitably, the complaint arrives. In this case, it's the service- which admittedly has yielded mixed results. Many of the servers who work here are nice people who get their job done quickly, and with a smile. There have been other times, however, where I've sat there for about 20 minutes, only to have people who came in after me get served first. I realize that the restaurant itself is quite busy, and the food warrants the amount of traffic that comes through. For that matter I'm usually pretty good about the delay. On more than one occasion, however, I was served by a woman who demanded our orders briskly after taking a long time to even approach our table. She apologized only after making a mistake in the order itself, but by then we'd already commented on her lack of warmth. 

More than likely I'll be updating this again soon, and adding the extra star that I'm tempted to put up for the moment. This place is definitely worth checking out if you've never been, but don't come if you're in a hurry.
Visited here for lunch on a weekday around close to 1pm and the lines weren't bad at all.  Got the chicken and lule combo for $9.99.  

Pros:  Basmati rice was delicious, veggies (pickles, cabbage, roasted tomato, peppercini) were yummy, chicken was juicy, tender and flavorful, hummus was delish.  

Cons:  Bread was dry and bit stale, lule had a slight freezer burn taste.  Have to agree with Mindy H. that packets of Tapatio is a poor substitute for super hot chili paste you could get at Mediterranean Cafe. Garlic spread is also better at Mediterranean Cafe.  Parking lot in back is tiny and a one way, so you have to back out the way you came in.  There is street parking too, but can be tough to find a spot on Colorado Blvd.

Overall, a filling and tasty meal for $10.  I will be checking out other locations soon.  Definitely want to try the tri-tip and rotisserie chicken next time.
Came here for dinner because Veggie Planet had an hour long wait. Was disappointed by the food. Waitstaff was attentive and nice. It's not their fault the food is meh.

Not much else to say. Ordered a falafel sandwich and hommus appetizer. The appetizer was overpriced and the sandwich was one of the most unmemorable falafel experiences I've ever had. 

I'm not planning on coming back.
Eh.  To me this place is almost like a grease kitchen- at least when I eat their 'chips'  thats how it feels.

Their shawerma is decent- at least its not bad, but their tahini sauce they put it in seems a bit grainy.  The meat is good- and their portions are super filling.  I dont know if Im ever running to eat this place.  I usually grab the picked salsa type contiments and the hot chilis when i eat there because to me its a slight bit bland.  

Lunch time is not too crowded- plenty of sitting place.  Im not the biggest fan of this place and usually head there when my friends really want to eat there.  

Ive really had better shawerma.

Hence: 'Eh'.
I was completely disappointed with my last visit to Casablanca. As soon as my group walked in, we were met by a waitress that did not smile or greet us but merely slapped a few menus on the table and walked away. She proceeded to be rude and inattentive for the entire dinner, spending more time on her cellphone then serving us. She even messed up on our check twice (and they were not split checks either). In addition to this, I thought the food was average at best. The chicken tikka masala was a bit sour and the portions could have been bigger. The only reason I am giving them two stars instead of one is because my previous experience with them was not nearly as bad.
Service with a smile? Special requests? Belly Dancers and the waifing smells of a hooka filled with Lebanese Re....ok no belly dancers or "smoke,"  but a nice down to earth family that tries really really hard to please you. 

Falafel's, Batata with Garlic Sauce, Excellent Lebanese coffee to wash down some sticky baklava.....damn cheap, damn good and damn filling.
The pizza slices are HUGE and are inexpensive.  We went there because they had vegan pizza. We ordered a small vegan pizza.  It was good!  For vegan pizza, I was impressed.
Now for the rest.  My husband liked his Hawaiian pizza. I tried his plain pizza and did not really like it. I would not have enjoyed it had I ordered it.  I did really like the vegan pizza.
The woman at the counter was unpleasant and had no knowledge about the food.  She seemed annoyed when we asked any questions and it was like she did not want to be bothered.
The owner on the other hand is a wonderful, genuine, nice guy.  He was polite and treated his customers like family.  
The atmosphere left much to be desired.  It was so dirty and dingy that we almost did not stay but we were there with a vegan friend.  Had I been there on my own I would have left immediately but we stayed because of the vegan pizza.  They are in the process of renovating so hopefully the condition of the place will improve.
Kind, considerate, respectful, conscientious staff -- yummy tea selection -- great atmosphere / decor -- easy to find & plenty of parking -- casual, relaxing, comfortable -- open late(ish) hours. Wish there were more places like this in the region. Looking forward to going back.
When I think of my experience at Yoshi's - literally about eight hours ago - I can only remember a few casual observations.  Neither the place nor the food is very memorable at all.  The staff was very friendly and students get a 10% discount.  Other than that, I agree with Rachel's comment that it's setup like a hospital cafeteria.  And they have a sliding glass door from the interior corridor entrance which is just odd.  Nothing else to really say about this place.
great taste and great....and the owner and his helper a nice lady were both so kind.

One thing they could work on is the decor.....
I have frequented Hummus on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed.  The food is consistently great.  My two favorite items are the falafel sandwich and the chicken shawarma platter.  The falafel sandwich is cheap (5.00) and delicious.  I'm not a falafel connoisseur, but in my limited falafel experience, Hummus' is the best I've had.  It's flavorful, moist and crispy.  I also love the other things that go in the sandwich - red cabbage and cucumber salad, yum!  The chicken shawarma platter can easily serve as two meals.  While the chicken is a tad salty, it's very tasty and moist.  The platter comes with a generous portion of chicken, hummus, pita, rice and a side (maybe two...my memory is failing me right now) - in any case, it's a ton of food and it keeps well for leftovers. 
Extra plus - Hummus is now open on Sundays!
I used to come here a lot. Good portions, very good price, average to good tasting food. Then I had one incident with dirt and hair in my food. During the same visit, there were live bugs at my table, and I'm not just talking about the odd gnat or fly. As I looked around the place, I realized that this is not a one-off incident. Places like Sunny's may seem from the outside to be dirtier, but take a lot better care of themselves on the inside. I would have at least given this place 2 stars, but food establishments need to be clean. Sorry, my dollar deserves better treatment.
Understand, right away - this place is EXPENSIVE!  The food is really really good - especially that bread and dipping sauce they bring out - but mondo mondo expensive.  

Still the food was so good I don't feel like knocking off a whole star for it.  The sad thing is that much as I liked the place, because of the prices I'll probably not be going back.  But it was good!

I was wandering up and down Franklin street looking for a place to have some dinner and not finding anything along there all that exciting.  I got tired and sat down in front of Tallulas -- it wasn't open yet, and neither was anything else along there.

While I was sitting there, the owner came out and invited me to come take a seat inside.  He brought me a glass of ice water and some of that bread, even though he wasn't going to be opening for another 30 or 40 minutes.  I was grateful, because I walk with a cane and it was really hot out there, and I'd been limping around for quite awhile.  I was tired and hot, and it was cool and quiet inside Tallulas.  The ice water was just what I needed, and that bread and the dipping sauce were wonderful.

The guy who let me in (not sure if he was actually the owner or what, I don't recall that he actually said) was very friendly and considerate.  He chatted to me a little bit about the food and the restaurant in between getting the place ready to open.  He was perfectly happy to let me sit there and nibble the bread and drink the ice water and read my book until they opened.  I thought then, and still think now, that it was extremely considerate of him - he could have just ignored me and let me sit out there slumping over in the heat.

I had some eggplant (forget the name - it was around $16).  I don't know much about Turkish food, but this was good.  I only wish it was about 25% less expensive - but at those prices I'll just have to settle for the one and only visit.  I've had people compare Tallulas to the Mediterranean Deli down the street, but honestly they don't even serve the same type of food so I don't get where the comparison comes from - plus, Med Deli is sort of expensive for what they offer and frankly, not that good.  It's cheaper than Tallulas, but that's not saying much.  Given my druthers, I'd druther Tallulas any day.  Unfortunately I'd have to win the lottery - or at least a scratch-off, LOL!
One of the best places in westwood. It's a hole-in-the-wall place on Gayley that has amazingly fresh pita sandwiches. They'll give you the pita with the meat and you can add all the toppings and dressings you want in the little topping bar. It's way too hot in there all the time, and only seats 3, so you'll probably want to grab it to go. I crave this stuff all the time.
I came here for the Lez Zeppelin concert with Roni and Mel.  I had always walked by the Middle East, but never had the opportunity to see a concert or eat in this establishment.  To be honest, I had no idea there was a full functioning restaurant up above!!

Anyway, the downstairs is a little scary.  There are some steep stairs, and then there are a set of doors.  Be careful when you open those doors because you might become deaf if you are not prepared for the amount of sound to come out.  Those doors are surprisingly sound proof.  

One thing I have noticed and was mightily impressed with was how fast the stage crew set up for Lez Zep.  They actually started on 11:00 on the dot!! Amazing! I have never been to a live show where they have been that on time! 

It was hot and sweaty in there, but maybe it was because I was dancing and jumping the whole time.  My back was a river of sweat afterwards, Ew.  The sound was REALLY REALLY LOUD, but no worries, they sell ear-plugs for a dollar.  I did not purchase, but I will for next time.  I did manage to snag one drink, a SoCo and Diet, and for $6.00 I guess I wouldn't complain too much.  Could've used more alcohol though.

We went upstairs to meet a friend and there was a really good band playing.  It was a little on the dark side but I think it adds to the whole vibe.  Looking around the tables I noticed they do pitchers.  I would like to come back to actually try the food, and maybe check out another show.
When teaching in Westwood, I found myself drawn to this place EVERY time I was there. Not fancy, tiny in fact. But harkens back to the old PitaFeast in West LA, where you got some sort of great Middle Eastern meat stuffed into a pita, and then stuffed fresh veggies, peppers, hummus, etc. into it.  It doesn't promise anything big or fancy, but it delivers with powerful tasty flavor that you will remember for the rest of the day.

Give me the lamb sausage any day.
Nice patio, great food, helpful staff, quick service, recommend!
Delicious food and coffee! I came here after dinner, and sat around and chatted with friends. It's a perfect place to prolong the evening. I had the peasant salad which was enormous and delicious.  The dressing had some sort of cheese in it, which gave it a nice spark.  I also had the fruit salad, which unlike many fruit salads, actually had a wide variety of fruit - melon, apple, kiwi, grapes, strawberries.. and it was the perfect size.  My friend had the chocolate crepes which she described as "basically just dough and chocolate... what better combination is there?" Service can definitely be slow, and it's really noisy when crowded.  If you go on a weeknight later in the evening, it's very pleasant.
food:  oh so delicious! hummus is best i've had in town, so is the hot
           bread they bring to your table with sesame oil.  Had turkish 
           white wine, it was nice, would get again.

atmosphere:  loved it, very authentic and full of cultural relics.  Nice 
                         crowd, every table was filled, but  not loud at all.  All
                         walks of life dined here

price:  great prices, every range available here

would totally go back in a heartbeat! loved it!
Why do I always smell like garlic after I've eaten here? I guess who cares as long as the food is worth it. This is close to my office, so my trick is to ask folks around me to go whenever I have a hankering. That way, we all end up smelling like garlic and there's strength in numbers.

The chicken is delicious and I love to smother it in garlic sauce. I also love the hummus. I even like the purple radish things.

I tend to eat too much when I'm here. That, and the spices give me heartburn. That's when I need to stop by Rite Aid a few blocks west for a bottle of Mylanta.
So, so delious and so fresh.  Deliciou shwarma for lunch or dinner-I love to have dinner here.  Quiet from the business lunch-goers.  Plus I always need a side of the yummy falafel.  They also have some great catering for work or parties, that I've more than had to use.  Great, great middle-eastern cusine.  And I hear they are expanding...which will be even better. Love, love, love Aceituna!
For perfectly decent falafel without much of a wait, I highly recommend Rami's food cart, situated across the street from Bucks County coffee, at the edge of Penn's campus. Rami is a lovely Lebanese man, who will chat you up if you'll let him. He serves all the classics, and though his falafel balls aren't the most moist in town, they're damn good coming from a food cart. Everything is decent, from plain old pita and hummus to baba ganoush, and most lunch platters are between $3 and $4.
I used to go to the one in Glendale, but this one is closer to home.  Great food, I usually get the tri-tip.  I love the sauce they have here!  The bread completes the meal, stuff the meat in there and you're good to.  Not your regular old fast food place, you'll be pleasantly surprised
Way surprised at how good it was. The staff we're really funny too.
Fast service! Great food! Good portions! I was quite pleased!!!

We had the lamb and the chicken shawarma. The lamb was the best!!! 

A friend said she found hair in her food once though....I guess it happens?
Be specific. Even if you're a regular and order the same thing day in and day out be specific.

Be specific. Don't say two beef kabob plates, small taboleh, and one chicken shwarma (same order day in and day out) and then get all plate entrees.

Be specific. Oh and come as soon as they open so you're not scrambling around occupied tables and chairs trying to get in or out with tot in tow and bags of food in hand.
Heh. So apparently they have music there ...

I went on a Thursday night when it was just a restaurant. If I'm being polite, I'd call it cozy in there. I'm not quite sure how to describe the cuisine, a mix of mideastern and latin influences. The tapas were abundant -- 2 per person was a bit too much food, even.

The caipirinhas are nice, they go down like water (though of course they hit harder -- if not careful, you could easily drink 'til you pass out in your falafel). The mojito was just okay, I'd definitely stick to caipirinhas if I returned.
Been wanting to try this place for awhile. Got here around 1ish with a friend and miraculously snagged both chairs by receiving our chicken wowshi orders at the same time the people occupying the chairs left. I thoroughly enjoyed having the option to put as much of the salad bar fillings as I wanted into my pita. A chicken wowshi with tax came to $6.25, well worth it! Looking forward to another visit, quite soon.
Oh, Falafel Corner, you've just broken my heart.
I used to be a huge fan. I used to stop in on my way home after work every once in a while. I found the falafel superior to Falafel Palace, it's true.
However, the last time I went in, I ordered a spinach pie, and got a meat pie instead. This is unacceptable. I don't eat meat, and I quite frankly wanted to hurl the second I took my first bite. If you're going to keep your spinach pies and meat pies next to each other, at least do a better job of telling them apart. And if something like this happens to someone, you really need to offer them either a full refund or a second spinach pie on the house. That's the least you can do for ruining a person's day.
Just visited to pick up dinner - the falafel wrap for me(which at 5.00 is the best deal in town) and the lamb kabob dinner for my sweetie. Always scrumptious, fresh and fast, plus the service is wonderful.

Got home to find that they had packed chocolate eclairs for us as a treat.

Worth driving over to Pasadena from East LA any time!
This is a cute little establishment with eclectic asian snacks and mediterranean foods. It's also connected to another cafe area with a stage... I like that when I walked in, I found it had an identity crisis like, am I a café or a deli or a music venue?  A little of everything  :)

Although I do wish they used thinner pita breads.
BIG PORTIONS!  Good food.  I've tried everything and there's nothing bad I can think of.  I always come here when I have class at PCC.  The Barley soup is great.
I have no idea how these people can give this place 4, even 5 stars!

Let me start by saying that I am not only Arab, but love middle eastern food. 

I ordered the Chicken Kabob meal ($12.95), and with this comes my choice of soup or salad...I opted for the salad with Italian dressing. The waitress asks me if I want "white meat or dark meat" and that there is an extra charge for white meat. WHAT?!?! Who makes kabobs with dark meat anyways? NOBODY! It's just not done! You always use white meat, so whatever, I suck it up and pay the fee. 

On the table is what we call in the Arab world as "maza," an assortment of muchies and what not. They gave me one raddish, one skinny pickle spear, one individually wrapped pad of butter, one pepperoncini and a quarter of a raw onion. What am I going to do with a quarter of a raw onion? I then get one piece of thin, flavorless, cold pita bread, cut into quarters. 

First I get my salad. It is not only overdressed, but it is bagged salad! A restaurant using bagged iceberg Ready-Pak salad is unacceptable! And then they throw a piece of raw broccoli in there right on top for good measure I guess. That was odd. 

Finally my meal comes, and it looks pretty good. In fact, the chicken was moist and not to bad, although it lacked a lot of flavor. It is colored yellow from the spices, but very little of that spice actually impacted the meat. They do however, give you 40-pounds of basmati rice. The rice was tender and fluffy, but again, lacked flavor. They need to utilize salt and pepper more. It would have made the rice much more enjoyable. 

I was the only person in the restaurant and the service sucked. Literally, I was the sole patron and my glass never got a refill. I had to literally stop eating and walk to the counter to ask for more iced tea. I never saw my server except for when I ordered and when my food was delivered. I was on a time table, so I had to again, get up and walk to the counter to get my check. 

All in all, I was disappointed. The food lacked flavor and corners where cut where they shouldn't be. The service was horrible and there was no excuse. If you know of a better middle eastern food place, I would suggest going there.
The chicken here is so good! Probably my first choice for Mediterranean food. The chicken takes a while to make, and they'll let you know when you order it. When I went with my boyfriend, we also got the Beef Kabob plate, which one piece was a bit dry but the rest was tender. Their garlic sauce is a must get for the pita bread. Yummm! It has all the typical add-ons such as rice, pita bread, hummus (I love hummus!) and a whole tomato. Our meal cost us about $20. But that chicken, it was worth every penny, I tell you!

Half the place is filled with table. You order at the counter then find a seat and they'll bring you out your food when it's ready. Very casual setting, like fast food style, but nowhere near the quality of fast food. The people here are really nice and make suggestions for you if it's your first time. They have a lot of options but just make sure to get that juicy chicken! Parking is by street. I don't remember them having a parking lot, and if they did, I didn't find it.
This place is the real deal.

There is a grocery store/kabab grill in Mountain View, California called Rose Market. Till now, I had not found a Seattle place which could stand up to the mouth watering kofta kababs. 

Shawarma king has been open for 2 months. A friend of mine who grew up in Kuwait told me to check it out and I am so happy that I did. I plan to walk down every item on the menu on multiple late night trips to this place. 

Go there. Eat some good kababs!
I've eaten here once and whatever I had was  pretty good! lol it was a middle eastern dish that was kind of like a wrap with chicken...or maybe it was beef. Idk I would have someone order it for me again though. 

I love coming here to jam out to some live bands and unwind. It's a more laid back crowd and it's not as pressuring like some boston venues can be. Middle East...I dig you.
Really delicious juicy roast chicken, amazing (and seriously vampire-repelling) garlic spread, and generous pita to go with it all.  Pretty much nothing to complain about.  Plus, they are super-fast (my office used to do 10-person orders that'd be done in 15 mins), plentiful street parking around the area (I think they have their own lot in the back, but I never used it), and friendly staff.  I particularly liked the quarter dark meat plate.  Delicious!
I had heard so much about this place and I was very excited to try it. I ordered the shish kababs with rice and hummus and it was excellent! The rice had cumin sprinkled over it which made it even better. Even the kunafah was good! And good kunafah is hard to find. 

It was pretty empty when I went, so I didn't have to deal with the loud music/rowdy crowd that others on here have complained of. 

Overall I was pretty satisfied with my dining experience here!
I was very sad to hear that this place is now closed. I hope they open up somewhere else around here.
For leisurely meals with friends, I like Aladdin's.  But from now on, when I'm by myself or with people but short on time, I'm going to come here.

Definitely get the cucumber yogurt sauce as your side (instead of chips) if you order the falafel wrap.  While the falafel is tasty and has a nice bit of a spicy kick, I thought it a little dry.  Cucumber sauce quickly fixed this.  

I'm even fonder of the sleek wrap, with kale and black-eyed peas.  I'd recommend it if you like kale/spinach.  The musakaa wrap does almost melt in your mouth, as promised by its menu description, but I wish the wrap had a little more of the tender eggplant-vegetable mixture.

A piece of baklawa is the perfect finale if you've got a sweet tooth like mine.  I don't have any complaints about the nammora, which is made from semolina, but I still prefer the baklawa as a dessert.
Been back twice more and tried more items: kibbee wrap (theirs is ground beef, not lamb), meat grape leaves, hummus, tabbouleh, and a mujaddara wrap. Mujaddara (brown lentils, caramelized onions and rice) is probably my single favorite middle eastern dish and it worked well as a wrap. The hummus had a perfect balance of lemon juice and garlic. Everything was just as excellent as what I had on my first visit. Also tried their nammoora for dessert as a test since I am not usually a fan; it can be dry and flavorless (like eating plain shredded wheat cereal without the milk), but theirs was syrupy and rich with flavor. A unifying characteristic of everything I've had here is it is very bold with flavor. Their excellent desserts are only $1.50 too, which is a steal. This is now my new favorite middle eastern restaurant without question. It reminds me of my beloved Ali Baba from my days as a CMU graduate student.
Mmmmm, Love this place.  Decided to head back in after a many year hiatus.  (stinks not living downtown, SO close to yumminess!)  

I really like their chicken.  Perfect spices and seasonings.  I highly recomend the Chicken with Rice and Salad/ hummus.  I did try the lamb, but as I'm not a huge fan anyway... All I can say is that I prefer the chicken.

Also very good:  Falafel wrap.  It could use a little more tazhiki sauce, but other than quite scrumptious! 

Parking is a HUGE pain down here, due to UT.  So, be VERY careful when selecting a spot.  We were able to park in a 30 min zone and got in, ordered and ate our falafel wraps with 2 min to spare.  You can also get to go, probably a good idea to call ahead, if you know what you want.

(There is seating inside, but if you go during lunch, it can get pretty full)
For the salty dog in you; you'll love this salty chicken; wow. Over-all it' is ok, no juan pollo; but good enough to drive lines.
Sabra's "pretty ok" as far as I'm concerned.  I consider it my Harvard Square backup when I'm craving mideast food.  Prices are ok and the gentleman inside, though brusque, are as amiable and professional as  you'd want out of your falafel purveyor.  Nice hidden spot that's usually not crowded but never so empty as to set off alarms about the lack of patronage.
You're going to have to flag down someone for the check. Just know that going in. But the hookah was prepared properly, and the fresh mint tea, while not worth $4, just hit the spot. We had a fine snuggly few hours of rest seated on a couch just inside against the wall while nipping on some hookah and sipping on our tea. It was perfect for our immediate needs and did not exceed expectations. Perfectly A-OK.
As I'm reading everyone else's review, I'm totally craving me some Zankou chicken for lunch.  I went to Zankou Pasadena for the first time, and it was nothing but fabulous.  I had the 1/4 chicken, all white.  It tasted just like it smells inside Zankou.  Yummy.

I do have knock them down one star, because I ordered it "to go" and they don't put the pita bread in any type of container.  They open up the plastic bag.  In goes my 1/4 chicken in a styrofoam container.  In goes the garlic butter (YUMMMM!).  In goes the pita bread...al fresco?  Is this sanitary?  Heck, they put it in the plastic bag, right?  I was a little disturbed, but then I got over it, because I ate it anyway, when I got home.  

Note to self:  It's a Pepsi world @ Zankou.
I have a feeling the Falafel King and I will be seeing each other quite a bit from now on. 

I was sad that the old Indonesian place, Padi, closed but had high hopes when the sign that went up in its place said Falafel King...the Second. I'm a fan of the original King down in Pike Place. So I knew his successor would at least be just as good. I'm glad I finally stopped by, but regretted that I wasn't in the best condition to eat: pulled an all-nighter the night before with loads of coffee in my stomach. Not wanting to eat much I ordered the fries, while 3 of my friends got combination plates which came with soup. Seeing as I was the only one without a bowl of soup in front of me, the waitress gave me one on the house. How nice! And I am a sucker for free things, especially the ones you can eat.

When the food finally came, everything smelled so good. My fries were great as it wasn't too garlicky and they were generous with the feta cheese, which I love. My friends were all raving about their food, so I had to taste some for myself. The hummus was creamy and fresh-tasting. But the thing I enjoyed the most was the generous portion. For less than 3 dollars, my plate was a heaping mound of thin-sliced fries, of which I could only eat half. The combination plates that came with soup, rice, pita, good amount of meat only cost my friends around 7 dollars.

The chef then came out and introduced himself to us and was very appreciative of our patronage, thanking us for stopping by, especially when I told him that I'm a fan of the Falafel King original. Robert was his name, really nice fella. As if the food wasn't enough to make me into a follower, they just had to be the nicest people and won my heart over. 

I can see this being a regular thing, a long time affair...Its location on my way home from school definitely helps too. Only a couple blocks away, I can stop in whenever I feel and get a royal treatment--no pun intended.....ok, maybe I did..just a little bit. 

I still have to try the meat dishes and the 'falafel' itself to really get the full experience. They are the Falafel King after all.
My family and I were strolling along the the street looking for a quick lunch and Sabra happened to be the least crowded at that time, in between of another restaurant (possibly Indian or Japanese, I can't remember) and a barber shop. I ordered a Chicken Shwarma and some baklavas to go around. The Shwarma was served with rice and salads with some kind of mustard sauce. That really turned me off! I can only take mustard with hotdogs. However, my wife really loved the baklava that she complimented the Lady personally. I tried it too and immediately agreed.
Been going there for at least 10 years.  The food is good and you always get greeted with a smile from Mr. or Mrs. Saca.  You really can't beat family owned.  I've had almost everything on the menu and my favorites are the beef shwerma platter, hummus, or the falafel sandwich with a side of fries. $7-$10.  Just don't go the last 2 weeks of August.  That's when the Saca's go on vacation.
I think all my stars goes towards their garlic sauce!  I usually ask for seconds.  Their garlic sauce AND their special rice.  I don't know how they flavor the rice, but it tastes different. SO. GOOD!  Their pita bread is always soft and at just the right temperature.  I usually get their tarna, which is the chicken.  I like to make my own little burrito with the garlic sauce, chicken, and rice all stuffed into a pita bread.  Their shawerma is popular, but I'm not a fan of steak.  My next trip to Zankou will be for their lule kebab.  Their pickled turnips are good too, I always munch down on those.  

Service isn't that great.  They're always too busy talking amongst themselves.  They're lucky their product is so dang good.
Whenever I want a gyro, I go to Kismet.   You can get a good sized gyros with fries and a coke for six bucks.  The employees are very friendly in here.

I think that they have the best gyros in Austin.
This is the one and only kind  of "fast food" I'll eat...my fave! I love the hummus, tabouli, chicken kabob wrap, baklava tubes, Lentil soup...you can't go wrong here! This place rocks! The prices are great and the food is terrific! You will be hooked!
I had some high expectations for this place, but that was quickly deflate when waiting for my falafel pita.  This place is small and not much of a sit down kind of place you would think that with a simple menu and a build your own pita fixings that they'd have a faster turn over in getting the food out. Instead i waited 15 mins  for a small falafel pita, and I believed another customer got their pita before me who ordered after me. So they loose a star. Otherwise the falafel is good and they have an interesting concept. You first get your pita with whatever filling you order. Then they have the fixings bar where you fill your pita with lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, jalepenos... etc.  and I cant forget the sauces that are there. The Tahani sauce was garlicy but i think it could have been a bit more stronger and tangier. All in all the fallefel was good they lose a star on service and pirce, I thought the the sandwitch could have been 50 cents cheaper (4.50 for fallefel sandwitch). This place could have some franchise potential if they could figure a better process and smart marketing. I will say this is beter than falafel king.
I was glad to find this place between Porter and Harvard. They do a very good job with falafel IMO. Not overfried, nice and golden brown. Tasty and not too heavy. 

I don't know if they'll edge out Sultan's Market in Chicago or Pauly's in Durham, NH for my favorite falafel ever, but this is one of my favorite spots in the Boston area for sure!
I learned of this place because a college buddy raved about this place so much that it seemed like he had the owner's kebab in his mouth 24/7. Nonetheless, the food here is great - love the lamb pita, chicken wowshi, cheese wowshi, burger pita. Good fries, good falafel. Excellent toppings/condiments (try the extra spicy sauce). Would definitely recommend - I invariably end up eating here when visiting friends in Westwood.
This has to be the best cheap eats in town! What makes the place better is the open-air patio seating. Too bad all the traffic on Fifth street can be a loud during intimate conversations. But forget talking - Do you talk during great movies!!?!??! No? Then you shouldn't talk during a great meal at Jerusalem Garden and you should be stuffing your mouth with the delicious vegetarian grape leaves.
This is a great place to get your falafel fix!  In my opinion, it has the best falafel in town -- it's appropriately crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside.  And their tzantziki sauce is really incredible.  I ALWAYS ask for extra.

I'm partial to this place, because it's one of the only places you can get a Perrier on campus.  I also love the fact that they offer falafel as an alacarte item, because I'm rarely hungry enough for a gyro (which are big).  For just a dollar, you can get four pieces of falafel -- and for me, this is the perfect size for a perfect midday snack.
I first read about Shawarma King in a Seattle Times article gushing about the mountains of super-cheap, delicious food on the 5000 block of the Ave. That might be true, but I'm not sure Shawarma King really belongs in that group.

The menu is a pretty typical selection of shawarma and gyros (lamb, beef, or chicken), falafel and hummus, in sandwiches or plates. We had a lamb/beef shawarma and a chicken shawarma ($5.99) and split an order of fries ($1.99). The meat is tender and flavorful, the sauce is tasty (though there could be a bit more of it), and the pickled veggies were really good. But... it just wasn't very big. It was an okay portion size for me along with the fries (which were generous and had tasty seasoned salt), but my boyfriend didn't find it filling enough and I suspect most guys won't either. Throw another $1 on there for a can of soda and I just don't see this as being any special bargain, when there are much cheaper and ginormous gyros just down the street.

The ambience - ehh. How much can you expect from an allegedly super-cheap place targeted toward students? I think the colorful carpets and plates hanging on the walls and the hookahs in the window are fun. The service wasn't particularly friendly - the guy took our order and then started shouting at us in another language. It took us a minute to realize he had a Bluetooth and was talking on the phone, which he continued to do, loudly, the whole time we were there. 

We did see a couple who were eating the plates, which look more generously sized and are priced accordingly. Those might be a better deal, but with so many other options nearby, I wouldn't go out of my way to try this one again.
Ate there twice on consecutive days - in the Corner and Upstairs bars. We stuck with the meze for the most part, but also tried the felafel sandwich. It was all served quickly and very tasty indeed, especially the baba ghanooj. The place itself seemed appropriately laid-back, the service was good, and the powerful ceiling fans kept me content on a hot and humid day. I can't comment on it as a music venue, but the calendar looked very promising...
After midnight one's food options are considerably limited on the UWS. Fortunately, Columbia students have Koronet and Shangri-La Express. Shangri-La, a 24-hour food cart, is a welcome addition to the neighborhood; in addition to providing the public with savory fragrances, it serves fairly good falafel and other cart specialities, including chicken and rice, chicken on a pita, lamb on pita, biryani, and lamb over rice. The $3 falafel (better than Amir's, a short walk north) is served with fresh lettuce (not iceberg, impressively), tomatoes, chili sauce, and (the mysterious) white sauce on toasty and tasty pita bread.
#9. The time it took for me to order my food, I spent twice that on paying for it.  There was an issue with my credit card for some reason.  They had to swipe it multiple times before the machine finally accepted it, which has never happened to me.  Now I gotta check the next bill carefully...

I ordered a lamb shawerma sandwich.  It was great, but the sandwich looked so puny!  I'm a pretty small person, so I can't eat a lot.  But I was still hungry after that sandwich.
It's a hole in the wall, parking is a pain, and the food is fresh and reasonably priced and delicious and the people are polite and helpful.

What are you waiting for? Aren't you hungry for a gyro now?
I think the brunch is highly overrated.  Perhaps because people hyped it up, but the food came in small portions and was nothing to write home about.

Otherwise the starters are tasty and reasonable priced.

Would never go out of my way for this food.

I think people are a little confused, since we are not reviewing the club but the food.
I think Fatima's review earlier said it best: Shawarma does not equal Gyro! 

This is the closest to authentic shawarma I've had. I always get a Shawarma sandwich, and these guys do it right. 

I don't care about much else other than how good the food is, and the food was exactly what I was looking for. However, I did enjoy the ambience; the tacky egyptian music videos and art was great. overall good times, and really scratched my shawarma itch.
As I sit in habibi I can barely hear myself think. The place is so loud conversations take place no further than 6 inches infront of you. In that sense, this is a great place to take a bad date to. You wont have to talk and there will be no awkword silence. 

Service sucks and if you arent persian they will seat you in the corner. 10 dollar min per head and the hookahs are average. Swear this is the last time ill come here.
I really like the taste of this place.  Delicious.

I'd give it 4-stars, but I was a little underwhelmed by is ambience, service and the diversity of its menu selection.  Don't let that discourage you though, eat here, and eat a lot.
I really believe someone behind the counter took a bite out of my wrap. -_-  Shit looked soooo sus I didnt know what else to do but put it in my mouth and swallow. It was just ok. Tomatoes were scarce and randomly distributed throughout my wrap. It low key frustrated me but I was on the phone so didn't pay it much attention but in the back of my head I was like wtf is this haphazardly pita wrap shit doing in my mouth. I really feel like that just threw some chicken and tomato chunks in a piece of pita (or whatever the fuck it was)  together and called it a wrap....and let not forget I really think someone took a bite out of it because it wasn't whole looking.
I've ate here a lot recently. There are few places I can go to frequently and A) not get sick of it and/or B) not feel guilty for some reason. This is one of those places. Their falafel is out of this world as is their baklava. A falafel & hummus sandwich for lunch is king. A chicken shwarma and hummus meal with lentil soup is perfect for dinner.  Prices are very fair and this type of food ain't gonna kill ya.
i asked for a falafel and asked for her to shove it in my eye and she ignored me
I haven't gone very often but every time I do I leave satisfied.

I've had the schwarma plate and, if I remember correctly, the chicken tarma plate. It's way too much for my small-eating self so it is indeed a plate to share. I especially love the pickled beets and hummus. The garlic sauce/dip/whatever is not to shabby either.

I think I like pita too much, though. I never have enough to finish my meal.
I had lunch here on a weekday - the place was packed.

I had high hopes, because the menu looked really good, but my falafel wrap was just OK.  Nothing to write home about.
Moody's is basically a hole in the wall and might as well be the smallest eatery establishment in Central. Don't let that fool you though because the portions are large, the quality is great, and it's really cheap (I don't think I've spent more than $10 there and that's the upper limit).

You won't really be able to snag a seat given that they have only 4-5 chairs, but it's great when you just want to grab a wrap to go. So basically, the ambiance is completely underwhelming, but the food totally makes up for it.
WOW. $5.50 got me the best omelet I've ever had. I ordered the Western. It came covered in ham (real ham, cubed. not stupid deli meat), onions, red green yellow and orange bell peppers, tomato, zucchini, carrot slices, broccoli, spinach and maybe more. All the vegetables were cooked perfectly - not overdone or mushy, still retained  some crisp freshness. The home fries were also delicious, especially when covered in their homemade chili sauce. 

I hear their breakfast sandwiches are also delicious (duh, basically the omelet on toast), but I'd say get the omelet anyway because then you'll get a side of toast and a cup of their homemade jam. It is sooooo tasty!

This place is great for groups of 4 and under. Service was fast and friendly.
I don't understand why this place got high marks.  It's just okay.  I ordered the Lule kabob and was very unhappy with it because it was EXTREMELY salty - basically unedible.  The pink side thingy was a little bit scary.  I didn't even venture to try it because the color reminded me of pepto abysmal.  This place didn't get one star because the hummus was decent and I ate the rice.
I dj Wednesdays with another friend at Zuzu and we are out to change the attitude of people NOT dancing in Boston.  We play great music-a mix of eclectic 80s, new dance rock, alternative synth pop disco as well as some soul sounds.  We do it from 10pm to 1am.  No cover which is a plus and a guarantee of good music and dance for a midweek relief or exercise or what have you.
When you're feeling a little guilty about going to In-N-Out or Fat Sal's at 1am, Bella Pita is the haven of all havens. Open till 2am, Bella Pita is a delicious "healthy fast food" stop - whether its for drunchies or a midday lunch. My favorites are the falafel pita and the chicken wowshi. Besides having amazing flavor, the add-your-own-veggie/condiment bar is key to customizing your selection.
Slamming chicken falafel wraps with hot sauce! Quick fast and affordable. Tied for the best falafel in Boston .
I haven't found a place with the same cozy family run atmopshere that has such good service.  The food is _very_ reasonably priced and delicious, the staff is friendly, the service is good,  and there's pretty art work all over the place (including the ceiling!!!).
Three words. The Kathy Bates. Magic. It's like eggs benedict with a waffle as the muffin, friend green tomatoes and egg. If you finish a meal and think, dang I should've got something sweet or if you get all sweet food and are like dang I need some eggs...this is made for you. 

The Hangover is quite the winner as well. 

Plus: since cafe Luna comes with a wait that blows your mind this is a happy wait-less alternative.
I'm craving...a CHICKEN SHAWERMA plate.

Fast.
Faster.
Fastest.

This place is great for lunch.  Reasonably priced and it takes 2 minutes to order and get your food.  Sometimes less.  Just be ready to place an order when it's your turn.  If it looks like the line is long, don't worry...it's really not a long wait.  

The food is great.  I always get the Chicken Shawerma plate because the chicken is juicy and tasty and it goes well with the pita, hummus, rice, and salad.

If you like Daphne's...this place is ten times better.  it's faster, cheaper, and you get more food.
Going to school at UCLA, this is a staple for my life. There are plenty of falafel places in LA, but no one has the chips that they put on top of your pita. 

Just the way they marinate their chicken and meat, can't be beat. I am glad they moved to a better location in Westwood. 

I always stop here. You just have to go in and remind yourself of how much better food is on the westside.

i get the chicken Shawarma in a pita. and always put extra tahini sauce!
Falafel is good, and you choose your own fillings (including hummus, yogurt sauce, or hot sauce), but my favorite is the bean and feta cheese wowshi - the beef wowshi is too rich for me. Imagine two disks of fresh dough with the filling in between and the rim pinched closed and then toasted, so that the dough cooks along with the filling. It is then split in two so you get two semicircles into which you can put whatever toppings you want.
I work at Caltech, so I know this place gets a lot of hype, but I've only had OK meals here. The service is fast, and it's certainly a good deal in terms of quantity.
Good food.
The food here is excellent and the people know Mediterranean cooking.  It is not fancy, but a great place to meet, talk and enjoy great food.  You will not be disappointed!
Oh how I love you, Falafel Palace. Tremendous. My only complaints are 1) pickles in your falafel wrap? and 2) i am covered in shwarma sauce. 

Awesome lamb shwarma, awesome falafel, but make sure to ask for no pickles (those of you who find them as incongruous as I do). Big ups to being open until 3, but the line can get super long after 1:30 or so so if you really want it, be prepared to wait. 

Also, I'm curious. I see your sign: "We have a special." What kind of special? Should I know this already?
Really great food.  Not so great for kids, unless they understand ethnic foods.   Kabobs and the like, pretty reliable.
Brookline Lunch is a casual breakfast/brunch/lunch spot down the street from my apartment, and I think they do an amazing job with a non-fancy, inexpensive, but tasty version of eggs benedict served with a side of diced fried potatoes mixed with lots of fresh veggies.  That's the only thing I ever get here so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.

If the weather's nice, expect a long wait during the weekends.  Fortunately, if you're in the neighborhood, you can also order to-go for those weekend mornings you just don't feel like cooking your own breakfast :)

As for the interior, it's very casual and eclectic with interesting paintings adorning the walls.  And don't come in expecting polished service :)  Again, it's really inexpensive compared to other brunch places and the quality of the food is high (it's just not presented in a fancy manner in a fancy environment or with nicely dressed servers).  So...depends what you're looking for :)
DISCLAIMER: Not review of the food but of the cocktails, setup and staff dealing with a large group.

If you would have asked me what I was going to give ZuZu before my toes crossed the threshold, I would have been aiming high to say I was going to walk out with 3 stars...I am now eating my words, and happily.

I planned a Thirsty Thursday event for ZuZu.  I knew the place was small, but I did not know how small (I think the sign on the wall had capacity of less than 65).  I knew they opened at 5pm, which made it difficult for me to catch someone at a good time to give them a heads-up about our group coming in.  So, I'll admit it, I was fearing the worst, but based on the reviews of my fellow Yelpers I forged ahead.  Man, I have to listed to you guys more often!!

Yes - there is a distinct scent to the place based primarily on the menu and adjacent/partner business (The Middle East) which I am not a fan of, but I knew that going in and it is/was worth getting over. 

HUGE shout out to Lisa, the MOD and John (?), the bartender.  We had a group of almost 30 people at one point and both Lisa and John were awesome!  Lisa did everything she could to accommodate our party and went above and beyond!  She even checked back throughout the evening to see how we were doing...amazing!  John did not even get annoyed with us when we inundated him with adult bevie requests.

As the DJ was setting up (NO COVER - FREE LIVE DJ on Thursday's..just a lil FF...) the place started to fill up and made for great people watching.  Once the music started, the Yelp crew got is swerve on on the dance floor.  The night could not have gone any better!

The venue, the cocktails, the music, the staff - all 5 stars.

Now to just go back and try the food....
Staying open until 3 am + very cheap makes up for a lot of other deficiencies, especially the dry shwarmas and the endlessly long waits for service (it's been 20 minutes). Food is comparable to what you'd get from a cart; nonetheless, this is the kind of place Boston desperately needs more of.
There's nothing to rave about. 

The pizza is quite terrible. The sandwiches, wings and fries are really not that great. Maybe it's just the dozen times ive had it but this is definitely not the best place in the area.

try something else, even if you have to pay a little more.
Working at a university means I often get the benefit (curse?) of being subjected to free pizza or sandwiches at lectures/talks. And so, my first exposure to Ed's was via their delivered pizzas. As far as a West Philly pizzeria goes, I must say, I was impressed with their crust and taste. The cheese is layered on just the right thickness, and the other ingredients, though standard, are liberally applied.

All these reasons were why I decided that Ed's deserved my visit today for lunch. The dining area was as expected - run-of-the-mill tables with your standard drinks refrigerators hugging the wall. However, what brought it above the standard pizzeria category were the friendly workers. I'm looking forward to having Ed's pizza again in the future (be it free or paid) and reading these other reviews, will make an effort to try their hot wings.
I do not lie.  I want someone to feed me some pita with that freaking garlic spread every day.  Every day.
Best. Hangover Food. Ever.
Like some who've reviewed before me, I've long wanted to try this place out after many people talked it up. Reports below of zero ambiance and super fast, friendly service are completely correct, as is the assessment of the vegetarian grape leaves sandwich and yogurt being a bit on the thin side, but still fairly tasty.

I would personally recommend sticking with the sandwiches, as they're a  better value. I tried the Kafta platter, which was quite fresh and pretty well cooked (read: had some color on the inside), although I think it could have benefitted from a better char, but for $11? I don't think so. Especially when you can get the Kafta sandwich (with the same amount of meat) for almost half the price.

All in all, it was a good meal, but nothing blew me away. I'll give JG another shot, but for now it resides as a place that's good-ish.
Located quaintly off of Brattle Street in Harvard Square, I like that this place is sort of tucked away nonchalantly on this street. 

I have a secret... I had my first falafel here. In a wrap, it was delicious and definitely a larger portion than I had imagined. In addition to the falafel sandwich, I also had my first Viennese coffee here (with whipped cream and cinnanananamin :-P). 

Both were great to start off with, followed by a cup of hot chocolate (which was missing it's whipped cream), a hot apple cider, and another hot chocolate (again missing the whipped cream). I want my whipped cream damnit!  The hot apple cider actually got slimy towards the bottom of the cup due to the congealed cinnamon combination. 

Despite these minor misdemeanors I actually did enjoy my food and beverages. I liked the atmosphere and it fit the description of a coffeehouse. The staff was excellent with being able to accommodate our large group, having a whole section set off in a reserved section for us, our slowly trickling group, the children, and all the craziness that was of the crafter's group. 5 stars to our server! 

I wouldn't mind coming back here if Harvard had more public parking. It's definitely somewhere new I can get some studying done.
This explains why my phone was telling me I had arrived at my destination, but the destination was no longer Falafel King. So that would mean it had only been open for a week when I went.... and being that new, I would say they had a pretty going thing going on.  
My Friend and I were in hot pursuit of an authentic falafel, which led us here by default, as there aren't many options in Seattle (by comparison to other major cities) and I wasn't in the mood to revisit drunken late night visits to Aladdin down the street. 
Service was SUPER friendly -  I would give 5 stars for that.  Helpful, and gave suggestions, and made conversation - I appreciated that.
We both had the falafel 'sandwich' which was in a wrap more similar to a soft shell taco than a pita wrap, which this white girl is used to.
Served with fries and a pop all for less than $6 - you gotta love the U-District for that!
It wasn't the best falafel that I have ever had, but I appreciated the cleanliness, fast and efficient service, especially considering they had just opened.
I would go back to try some of the combination platters they offered - both grilled and vegetarian.
I have been to the restaurant and downstairs to see a band play.

The downstairs was dark but really big! I enjoyed seeing the band play there. A young crowd with a hipster atmosphere.  The downstairs is kinda a dive but in a good way. 

I went to the restaurant upstairs as well. The restaurant was small and dark. I got the Falafel wrap with fries and hummus for an app. The food was ok. Serive was good. It was really cold because we went in the winter and the door enters directly into the restaurant without any hallway or barrier to block the cold. 

The restaurant is more of a place to grab a drink and a quick sandwich or app. before a show.
This is just a review of the concert-going aspects of the Middle East (ie not the restuarant).  Sometimes the Middle East drives me absolutely crazy with its hipness and I just want to run back to my safe apartment, curl up with a People magazine, and listen to some Counting Crows...however when I wade through the crowds of smokers dressed in black, the Middle East is by far the venue that has the most bands I love...Luvero, The Gossip, Voxtrot, The National, the Mountain Goats...all at the Middle East in the year I have lived here.
Formerly Big Market.  Now has two locations (the other being down at Stone School & Ellsworth).  Ambience isn't great at the Stone School location, but it's great for carryout.  Baklava is excellent!
Excellent food by people who care about quality. It's a kind of strange experience, as you must eat on paper plates with plastic utensils and the place closes at 8 p.m. But the food is so good that it hardly matters. No alcohol, either, but who cares?
I'm glad I didn't think twice about going to this place last week. If I did I would have missed out on an amazing place. You can even tell from looking in that this is the place to be. This is located next to McDonalds so it was a no brainer as to where I was going to eat. The place was crowded for a Wednesday night so I knew it had to be good. You either have to park on the street or at the back. Be careful parking at the back because the lot is very small. Don't even try to park at McDonalds because they will ticket you if you do. 

This is one of those places where the decor does not say much about the place. I mean, it looks like a burger joint if you ask me. There is nothing Mediterranean about the ambiance other than the people!

I got the chicken kabob as my first timer dish because I knew I could not go wrong with that. The chicken was probably one of the best Mediterranean spiced meat ever!! The chicken was so moist, tender, juicy, AMAZING! They give you the garlic paste to put on top of it, but trust me it doesn't need anything because it has so much flavor already! Although I LOVE garlic so I was tempted to put just a dab on each bite! My meal came with basmati rice and sauteed onions. My meal also came with some pickled beets, peppers, and steamed tomatoes. AND it came with hummus and pita bread. For less than $10 I got more than what I paid for. Everything was soooooooooo good. I just had to look at what everyone else was eating, already planning out what I am going to eat when I come back!
The food was real good -- we all had rice bowls (paneer, lamb, chicken). The rice was super tasty, so was the curried veggies and meat. We got hot pita breads too. Good price

On the downside, the place was filled with yelling El Salvador soccer fans and their American counter parts watching a soccer game between the two teams. The service was a bit slow.

We did not smoke.
Oh, Cafe Algiers, if only I could nestle into your woodwork, climb into low light casting sheltering shadows over corners where whispered conversations soak into a pot of mint tea of mocha arabica. Generous bowls of lentil soup and warm pita for winter gloom and studying, offset by a weekend's after-movie baklava or ice cream, and a simple italian soda, and always that specific calm a space filled with the memory of connections made or re-established over the warmth of a beverage or meal provides without fail. 
Algiers can almost always provide the remedy you need, just watch for prices if you make it a habit to drift off here.
I've been back a few times and have been pretty happy except my last visit when the pita was bad (or I should say typically average). 

It wasn't the thick, fluffy pita from my previous visits, but rather thin and kinda hard. Did they run out of fresh baked pita and ran to the store or D'Yar across the street to borrow some?

I would have rather had one of the day-old pitas from the bags next to the register.

Chicken was very good. Falafels have improved slightly since my first visit. The braised beef was stringy and somewhat dry the one time I tried it..

Bumping them down a notch for the beef and last visit pita.
Our family enjoys mediterranean food and have tried the best of the best in many cities, including in Europe. This small, clean, friendly place has the best falafel we've ever tasted. The quality of the meat was also very good.  Excellent quality & taste, friendly staff & happy customers, clean facility and amazing prices. We will certainly come here again when we visit Providence.  From Los Angeles
Ever since my first time having their hummus as a wee child, I have been looking for a sold in store version that I could enjoy when not in Pasadena. So far that search has been an epic fail. 

The chicken here is unlike any other. Chicken is so simple and yet the way the people at Zankou prepare it is better than the rest. To top it all off you have the garlic sauce to dip it into. You find yourself having more sauce than chicken in some cases. 

My hubby had the shish kabob plate. This was a plate full of goodness. It came with rice, hummus, meat and some of their pickled vegetables. It takes 10 minutes to prepare the kabob plates, but it was worth it. He ate until he could eat no more.
Love their chicken!
Bella Pita's lamb pitas bring tears to my eyes.  I love this place so much that I'm putting off studying for finals to rant about how much I love it.... sigh.

Ok, back to reality.  Bella Pita is my go-to Westwood joint for great meat.  By far the most delicious thing here is the lamb pita.  It's a freshly baked pita (you can see the dude putting the dough through the machine, a la Chevy's tortillas in the good old days) filled with generous amounts of freshly grilled lamb.  You can then take it over to the "greens and sauce bar" to fill it up with whatever you want--lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, peppers, cucumbers, hummus, tahini, white yogurt sauce, etc.  (Always, always put the sauce on BEFORE you add your greens, for maximum sauce coverage.  Also, their "really hot sauce"--formerly known as "really really hot sauce"--is not that hot, although I think it has a better flavor than their "hot sauce.")  One pita is probably not big enough for a hungry person, so when in doubt, order some falafel (also freshly made) to round out your meal.

I've tried the beef wowshi, but I wasn't that impressed.  It was considerably smaller than the pita (and only a dollar less), and was filled with ground beef, which was not quite as delicious as the chunks in the pitas.  

Seating is minimal (4 stools and a bar), the shop is tiny, and the food is served in a little paper sleeve.  I've probably burned my hands with hot grease every other time I've eaten here, so do be careful with yourself/your clothes while you enjoy your heavenly food.

Notes: free delivery for orders over $20!  Not sure if this offer extends past Westwood, but for you UCLA-ers, you know what to do.  Parking is validated for either 20 minutes or half an hour (can't remember).
Yum! So good!! My favorite place for a quick and healthy lunch. Love Love Love the food at Saca's. My favorite is the chicken plate that comes with hummus, a salad or fries and pita bread.  Salads are really good, and so is the falafel.
The owners are really nice people who are always there! Literally everyday from open to close. 
Go to Saca's!!
Went with two friends and got the lamb something with a side of green goop and yellow cucumber goop. Everything looked like goop but I luckily had two people guiding me what to get. Even if you're a nub like me, the employees are chill and will answer your questions.

Lamb was good, THE CHIPS WERE AMAZING!!! and the side goops of goopiness were awesome too. HUGE PORTIONS Enjoyed my meal, came out to $8 a person with leftovers. I crave it whenever I want some lamb and mystery goop.
Butter chicken! Great ale selection! Four star!
I'm a fan. Delicious falafel, maybe the best of Boston. Everything's quite good. I love how they grill the sandwiches. The staff are very nice, the prices are right. Just wish they had more seating.

update: 12/10/06. Whoa, guess I was wrong or this place has gone downhill. The food was terribly bland and dry.
One of the nicest things about this restaurant is the newly constructed outdoor seating. I've had their food in-house and catered as well. Their kabobs were pretty good although a bit overcooked. The tabouli side rounded out the dish nicely. I was able to try the baklava catered and it was wonderfully sweet and delicious. Some of their wraps are hit and miss, stick with the meat dishes. While their fare isn't all that creative they have some solid staples. Don't look for anything creative here. 

Also - the street they're located on is under construction right now but they're still open for business!
Apparently this place is pretty new (though i think they can take down the grand opening banner) and awesome!

The falafels are incredibly moist on the inside, not dried on clumps of chick peas. They also have a variety of kabobs, salads, chicken and lamb gyro etc. And almost every is dirt cheap. I ordered a chicken gyro sandwich and an order of falafels, just to try and we're talking $7. 

They also list a variety of combos where you can get a sandwich, fries and a drink for 5-10 bucks. And the chicken gyro is moist and fresh. 

I think we have a winner!
People weren't kidding when they say that this place has fast service. You'll have your money paid for and food in hand before you can finish reading this review. And just because the food is fast doesn't mean it's something you'd find at a typical fast food joint.

Once you grab your food and fill up on your own drinks at the soda fountain, you'll find seating indoors or in the outdoor patio under table umbrellas. The patio is immediately adjacent to the parking lot and driveway aisles, but it's separated by a relatively tall concrete masonry wall so you don't feel paranoid about being rammed by cars all Hollywood action flick-style.

I had the and kefta kebab plate, which was a satisfying and filling combination of ground beef kebabs, rice pilaf, hummus and Greek salad. The kebabs were well-seasoned to my tastes and the tzatziki sauce adds a nice, cool balance. The plate is also served with a red chili sauce that I had to pass on because it's way spicy and doesn't add any additional flavor other than burning. The salad isn't anything special, but it's fresh and a refreshing break between your mouthfuls of protein and carbs.

An additional side order of hummus with pita is still tasty the next day after when refrigerated. Just avoid eating it before a job interview unless you're from Gilroy, the garlic capital of the world, like me because it might not be very charming.

Oh, and I just have to say that I felt bad about how all the food is packaged up in Styrofoam/polystyrene containers and plastic bags with plastic utensils regardless of whether you're doing take-out or not. I tried distracting my sense of guilt by overwhelming it with good eats.
This place has amazing food, quick and fresh! This is one of my favorite places for a quick cheap lunch in Westwood! The Bean wowshi with feta cheese is really Woooowwwwshi, so delicious and def fills me up! 

Enjoy!
Excellent Turkish and Mediterranean food--probably the best in Houston.  I got the kofte kebab with a side order of humus.  Turkish food walks a fine line with spices, and the kofte did it just right.  It was still full of taste without being over-spiced.  The meat dishes come with the standard pickled cabbage and onions.  The humus was good, but overall nondescript.  The bread/pita, however, is incredible--someone here called it a "warm and fluffy pillow," and that description covers it well.

On weekends, the place is crowded and noisy--great for meeting friends.
A little one of those trying-too-hard-to-be-hip-in-Austin places, but the food is good if you take it off the damn kabob and put it on  a plate.
Ah, Zankou chicken. Where I go to get my chicken fix. I love the fact this place hasn't evolved from it's mom and pop roots, even though they're practically a chicken empire now.

The only reason why I take out a star is because their service is a little suspect, and the chicken tenderness is inconsistent sometimes. However, you can't deny the garlic butter spread. It'll make you salivate while adding pounds to your waistline.
I should say at the start, and after reading the posted reviews, that I haven't been to Darvish in a few years, so the last time I went, it was still awesome.

This is (or was) the best Persian restaurant around.  Their dishes were all prepared very well, and I was always more than happy to return for more.  Their lavash was fresh, their hummus divine, and the kebab well seasoned and prepared.

Then there was dessert: Bastani-e-zafarani.  Persian saffron flavoured ice cream with rose water and pistachios.  I know, it sounds sort of odd, but it CANNOT be beat in terms of ice cream.  It was my new favourite the first time this exotic combination of flavours hit my mouth some years ago.  It remains my favourite as I write this review.  If nothing else, find this ice cream somewhere and try it, as I found the experience to completely expand my horizon of what dessert could be.

Recommendation: wait for me to get up the gumption to go back because if the other reviewers are right, we must move to greener pastures.
The menu here is really nice - good pancakes, decent eggs, my mom liked the middle eastern breakfast with hummus and falafel. I think the eggs are a little dry, but there is something in the homey feel that I really enjoy. They also left the stems on the spinach for the eggs florentine. The coffee and OJ are really good. Avoid the bathroom! 
All in all, the food isn't incredible, but this is a great little hole in the wall to enjoy Sunday morning, the paper, and conversation. Extra points if you were across the street at the Middle East the night before.
Great falafel & shawarma! Very cute & tiny hole in wall with really friendly service. Its super cheap and very tasty! We will be back!
Service was 4 stars.  Plenty of refills but occasionally they had the "Oh, right, there's a table we're helping" look on their faces. 

Food... I say 3.5 stars. I tried a bite of their Barley soup. Maybe it is just my own palate, however it almost made me sick. The soup alone lost them 1.5 stars.

I ordered the Koobideh, beef.  Lots of food, plenty of meat/rice for two people from just one plate (~$12).

Salad was regular salad, however, it was very fresh, and their ranch dressing, although small quantity, it was very tasty.

Baglahvah - yummy. A little less pastry a little more filling than what I'm used to but very very good. I want to try their other pastry/dessert next time we go.

If you are not used to extremely pungent/minty soups with a big smell, I would skip the barley, or try a bite of your friend's.
Last night my roommate and I went wandering down Walnut St., looking for somewhere to celebrate recent victories by stuffing ourselves silly. 

We found it.

Hummus, situated between McDonald's and that monstrous new construction, happened to be having an opening day celebration. We went in planning to scope it out and grab a menu, but quickly learned that (for one day only!) everything was on the house.

After some chaos and confusion in the ordering process, we sat down with considerably more food than we ordered, and boy was it done well. 

The pitas were probably the best part- moist, fluffy, flavorful. My chicken kabob packed a more whallop than I expected, and I had to chow down my moroccan cigars (delightful potato pastries) to cool my flaming mouth. Mer's shawarma had juicy, juicy chicken, which was nice, except that she ordered falafel. 

Trays of desserts circulated, and I really enjoyed something sticky and chocolatey and almondy.

Even though things were a little hectic, everyone at Hummus was all smiles and excitement. Children ran back and forth through the dining room, a few bottles of champagne were popped, and outdoor tables were available for those wanting a more relaxed experience.

Prices aren't unreasonable (about $8 a sandwich), they deliver, AND Hummus will be open late (til Midnight Friday and Saturday).

Exciting new option in U City. Give them a try!
My go-to place for great rotisserie chicken.  Used to come here all the time and get a half chicken meal after lifting at the gym, great source of protein =)

The only complaint is that the chicken is a little dry sometimes, but doesn't really matter, the garlic sauce they include with the chicken fixes that.  Also love the pita bread and hummus, they taste amazing mixed in with some crunchy chicken skin!

Haven't really tried the rest of their menu, since I'm kinda impatient and chicken is the only thing on their menu where you don't have to wait ~10 minutes for them to prepare.  Wish this place was closer to me though, don't really have the opportunity to come here often anymore.
When I saw that this was a fast food joint, I was really disappointed. However the quality of the food is AMAZING! The portions are restaurant-like, as well as the prices. Seriously, just go here if you're craving some bomb falafels or kabobs.
I loved them, loved them, loved them.

Fresh and real both people and food. Tsaziki home made just a dream...yamm.Moango juice is awesome. 
Recommend for summer lunch outside..
Lots of food, but pricey.  I paid 34 bucks after tax and tip for two and all we got were 2 kabob entrees.  The majority of the dish is basmati rice (nicely cooked and fluffy) and maybe 7 or 8 bite size pieces of meat on the kabobs.  And you get a choice of salad, soup, or fries.  Service was very attentive.  The price just really brought me down, but I enjoyed the meal.
Oh Zankou... I love you!
Delicious Shawermas, Shish Kebabs, and my favorite... Lule Kebab!
So many flavors... Just to write this review I'm craving some!!
I went in here on a whim as I walked by at lunch time and happen to love falafel.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Somehow my order was mixed up and I got the Foul roll up (fava beans) instead of the falafel roll up.  the staff was cool and offer to exchange it, but I liked it and so they let me try a falafel.  Very cool of them.  Huge wraps for the price, a great deal. I intend to return.
Reasonably priced meals, and excellent salad and tabouli wraps, even though the latter doesn't get the grill treatment. The tabouli here is lighter and zestier (more lemon) than the version at Moody's, but also very good.  The lady taking orders was very kind and attentive, and offered helpful suggestions about vegetarian sides I could add to my order when she noticed that I was only asking about the vegetarian wraps. The desserts were good too - I tried the date-stuffed mammoul, and it was crumbly and delicious. Wish I had discovered this place earlier!
I totally binged here after my last final: tuna pita and fries, which turned out to be steak fries (Say what?! Sweet).

The tuna pita is very light, but it's nothing remarkable. Go with the falafel pita--it never disappoints.

How can you go wrong with a hummus pump? Any establishment with a vat of hummus is good in my book.
Throwed SUCKS but the shows are fun and the food is great!
I love mediterranean food. I love Lebanese food. I love falafel and tabbouleh. I was really hoping I would love Tom's Tabooley and I sure do!
The falafel is yummy, albeit on the salty side. The hummus is yummy. Great tabbouleh! Get the mediterranean platter and you can sample all their 'sides'. The falafel wrap and fries (and they have malt vinegar, just saying) is a cheap meal and delicious! I look forward to going back to work my way down the menu. YUM!
On top of that, the staff is friendly. Go and bring me something back.
Atmosphere is very nice in this place. The prices on the menu are very interesting- 4 pieces of falafel and fries is $11, where a more delicious and rich meal is around $7-8... The food was delicious though. They also have mint-orange hot chocolate which was nice and tasty. The ambience is nice... It's open seating so you can choose a table, but there was only one waitress who was also a bartender (!) at the whole place, so trying to order could be a little annoying. Also their kitchen closes early, at 10.30, which is annoying. Overall a good place, I like it.
Vegetarian combo plate was excellent.
This place is real good...I've tried other places where the hot sauce and the marinationof the meats aren't that great..this place though, they really know how to make the dishes right. The hummus is excellent, baba ghanouj is real good and their chkn, lamb, and falafel plates or sandwiches are excellent! Plus they are open till 3 am wed-sat!
I have to admit, that this has been one of my favorite places to go to for Indian food while in College.

Their chai is delicious!  Order it iced when it is a hot day and you are set. I'm not much of a coffee person, so this chai is the perfect match for me.

The last time I went, I split the meal with my friend.  We ordered the hummus as an appetizer, which came with not enough hummus and tons of flatbread.  The hummus was spread thin on a little plate with a single olive in the middle (which, naturally, neither of us ate because we didn't want to be rude).  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not enough hummus for the massive amounts of bread.

Then, right away, the entree arrived - vegetable coconut curry and garlic naan.  Tip: do not get the naan if you are getting the hummus.  We still had way too much flatbread left over that neither the naan or that bread was finished.  I guess it's good if you love leftovers.  The curry was delicious - I liked the garnish with plenty of coconut.

Excellent service, but perhaps with not enough time between the appetizer and entree. For lunch, however, this is acceptable.  Oh, and I love that they have patio seating!  The outdoor seating is another reason why I love to go there when the weather's nice.
Faster than McDonalds, cheaper than Zankou and better tasting than the 2 combined. This is one of Pasadena's best kept secrets - although the fact that this tiny place is always packed apparently means it's not as overlooked as I might like to believe. It's off the beaten path tho, on the backside of Lake Avenue. Awesome steak, superb chicken. 5 stars all the way, especially if you're in a hurry - by the time you've paid, your food is ready.
My friend is a absolute fan of zankous. She kept telling me how good and amazing their chicken were. So I have wanted to try this place but the one that she goes to is in weho and i don't go there often.. but after going to school at PCC for 2 years.. i have JUST realized that there was a zankous RIGHT by school! I never noticed it until one say I was driving and it just sort of popped up and grabbed my attention. 

I have decided that I wanted to try their famous Chicken tarne plate (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=VndJoaumMhCbY0NPSvQzuQ) This was HUGE! I only finished maybe half of this. The chicken had this flavor and texture to it that made it so delicious and special. I can't even describe how it taste like. The hummus was really awesome as well. Their garlic dip is... Oh... em... GEE.. GOOOD! I didn't know what it was at first.. but then the more I ate the better it got.  even though it looks like white lard -_- 

I felt that the plate was just a bit too big for 1.. so times after.. I just went to get their chicken tarne wrap which I find to be a great portion. 

I also tried their eggplant mutable (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=VndJoaumMhCbY0NPSvQzuQ&select=erIvMsID0GdLYkX6KhYrhA)  which I was not a big fan of.. it was a little too smokey for my liking .. but my friend really loves it. She buys a tub home every time she goes.

Great middle eastern chicken. Better than some more expensive restaurant in my opinion.
Looked this place up on Yelp at Logan Airport when I was in Boston a few months ago and loved it!   My requirements were a cool cafe with WiFI near the train station in Harvard Square that had coffee and pastries and an interesting atmosphere, (you know, something to write home about).  I had half a day in Boston to do some work on my computer, it was pouring rain that day so no touring, before heading to my sister's house in Providence.  This place fit the bill and was definitely worth writing home about.

I had the mint coffee and it was good, not the best ever but good.  The ambience (old books on shelves above the tables, cool lamps, maps and photos of Algeria from different points in history, old house converted to cafe) and the staff (appeared to be a family who worked there, including an older man who was cleaning the tables).   

So, here's to Yelp leading you to find a place you would only stumble upon (if it wasn't raining of course!)
Oh, Cafe Algiers, if only I could nestle into your woodwork, climb into low light casting sheltering shadows over corners where whispered conversations soak into a pot of mint tea of mocha arabica. And then drop a massive cleveland steamer on the chick nearby stealing the neighbor's wifi and writing unforgivably horrible prose on yelp.
I keep forgetting how good this place is.  Family run establishment with very friendly service - they make you feel right at home.  It's pretty bare bones inside, but with delicious food at a great price it's certainly not terrible.  And there's outdoor seating if you want to watch the Colorado traffic roll by.  I usually order the veggie plate if I'm sharing or want leftovers - falafel, dolma, pita, hummus, baba ganoush, rice, beans, and the best tabouleh I've had since my friend's Lebanese mother used to make it for us.  They always have a good lunch special going, like a cup of lentil soup with any wrap order.  I always get the falafel wrap and it's usually very tasty (a couple have been on the dry side, but recently they've been up to par).  Add their homemade spicy sauce for a match made in heaven.  Oh, and the baklava... sweet heaven it's amazing.
Best falafel I've found so far in Cambridge. The tabbouleh was awesome and fresh tasting, and if you get your meal to go, try sitting in the little park area across the street -- so relaxing. 

Tip: If you go after 6 PM, you don't have to mess with the suits who hold up the line. Plus, there's no one in the park but you, your falafel wrap, and the stray kitty who's dying for your leftovers.
Woo nelly. Brace yourself ladies & gentleman. It's one of those scrumptious hole in the walls that you guys look for to yelp. 

Now I love mediterranean food. Their hummus - delicious. Their pita bread - a fluffy delight. Their color veggies - a refreshing spree. 

Now my handsome boyfriend was feeling a hunger coming and so we drove around gayley in westwood. Now, it was already past midnight so we didn't expect much of a meal. And we initially set on n&out around the corner. But when we noticed this pita shop, we decided to give it a shot (mainly him, since he was the hungry hippo). So with his lamb pita and my fries, we took our seats in this small joint. 

Now, they have a small salad bar for the condiments and boy, you definitely got to try their egg whites/ mayonnaise sauce. Note: HIGH CHOLESTEROL, but a fucking delight!!!! No joke: So yummy.

The man who took our order was really polite. He made a fresh batch of fries for me which is always nice. ) and with that egg white/mayo sauce, orgy in my mouth.

I also had a bite of my boyfriends lamb pita. Now mind you, lamb is not my normal cup of tea, but boy, the gaimy lamb did flow pretty well in my stomach. 

Definitely a worthy place in my book in Westwood.
They are so fast and the food is delicious and consistent. Everything tastes so fresh and their garlic spread is to die for! I love all of their kebabs... oh goodness, I'm craving Med Cafe as I write this. Beef kabobs FTW. Oh and their chicken shawerma is excellent, too. Ohh and their garlic spread... ohhh and their salad... ohhhh and their rice. Hm, just about everything is delicious and almost perfect when mashed altogether in their pita bread.
They charge you 2 dollars for water, and they don't take credit cards (with the obligatory pay-per-play ATM in the restaurant). Failing those two tests just makes this an annoying place. And now that I think of it, it was listed as 10 dollars but was 13 dollars. What a rip off.
This is probably my favorite coffee house in the Boston area. I remember spending a couple cool summer nights with close friends on the rooftop patio. If it's too cold to stay outside, the upstairs and downstairs seating is just as cozy. It's a great place for a low-key date or catch up on life with a close friend. I also appreciate the service, they're nice but not overly attentive. Which, I realized some people might not appreciate. But I actually like not having someone come by every 20 minutes to ask how you're doing. They usually drop off the check and let you take your time in paying it. I would know because I spent too many hours here. :-P

Did I mention that I love love LOVE their coffee??
Maybe ordering the chicken shawerma plate was the wrong thing to do because did Pita Pita suck. The chicken didn't taste fresh - like it was cooked a few days ago and they were just waiting to finish the batch before adding new ones under that steel container. The plate had a side salad that was almost inedible because there was so much oregano with the dressing - a little less oregano and more olive oil and vinegar please. The rice and beans tasted a little bit like Mexican food. I did like the hummus but can you really mess up hummus that much? And what is up with the deep fried pita bread - it was so so, but for that much fat and calories it should be amazing!

Not going back there again - Mediterrean Cafe is a little bit better but I'm still in search of a good middle eastern/greek restaurant.
A good option for pita-ey food in the U District. The sandwiches are reasonably substantial, made with proper thin, chewy khubz rather than thick pita. The contents are roughly equal portions lettuce, primary ingredient (meat or falafel) and tahini sauce. This is a ratio that will make your tastebuds happy, and your dry cleaners happier. The sauce tends to pool at the bottom of the wrapper, so keep some napkins handy when you get to the end.

The shawarma is made with actual meat, rather than the usual ground meat product substance that's fashionable in these parts. It isn't technically shawarma, since it's not made on a vertical spit, but it's a darn good meat/lettuce/tahini/pita thing for about $4.
eh this place was OK. I love falafel and I've had way better falafel. it was OK, but a bit dry. tasted more like breadcrumbs than chickpeas. I got the veggie combo plate. so the falafel was accompanied by tabouli (good, standard, nothing stood out about it), cairo salad (bascially cucmbers, red onions, pretty good!), baba ghanouj (which was actually excellent) and hummus (just OK, was actually a bit tangy, which I found a little odd). came with a nice stack of pita (which was a bit chewy, maybe stale?) and a tiny cup of tahini (standard, OK).  $7 for all of that, which is pretty good. I just wish the falafel lived up to my requirements.
First off, I am not reviewing the food.

Let me put it this way, DO NOT EAT THE FOOD HERE, IT'S TERRIBLE. Awful awful awful awful crap. Don't do it. Resist the urge to eat here. It is not good.

Now the shows here, those are awesome, even if you get stuck downstairs (although I'm tall, so I don't have much to worry about). Great stuff, although keep up on the lists, especially for the shows that play upstairs, as they tend to sell out faster. I missed one of my favorite bands due to this. :(

When the shows sell out downstairs though, expect to get pretty toasty.

Good venue, crap food.

Edit: Knocking it down to four, it's not really a 5 star location.
This was the second time we had dinner at the Instanbul Grill.  Both times we've eaten here, the food has been just wonderful.  Dinner is prompt, the food is perfectly prepared. We shared the tabuli and eggplant salad for appetizers.  The portions were not huge, but enough for 4 of us to share.  I had the Ali Nazik, which is ground eggplant with a garlic yoguert sauce and topped with chopped lamb.  This entree was big enough to make 2 meals out of, but was so yummy, I kept eating until I finished the whole plate. 

The atmosphere of the restaurant is very casual and friendly. The parking is pretty limited, but they seem to have a good process to manage the cars to minimize the wait. 

We will definately eat here again!
Classic Central Square establishment.

I've been going here for years. I like their food and bands.
I live around the corner from Wrapro and it has definitely become one of my standard go-to places. I highly recommend the falafel, beef/lamb shwarma plate, and the pumpkin kibbe (when they have it). The food is always fresh and the meat is always very tender and not greasy, unlike some other middle-eastern places I've been to in the city. It's always extremely clean when I've been in there which is rare, especially for a fast food place. 
I'm not sure why other yelpers are hating on this place, but I've been going there for over a year and have never had a bad meal yet.
I ate here almost every week when I went to Pitt. The kibbeh was amazing and I didn't have to get on a bus to have a decent inexpensive lunch. The folks are friendly and if you're a regular, they'll treat you well.
Good gyros and it's pretty cheap for college students. It's quick and convenient. A gyro combo which also includes a canned soda and fries comes up to $7.50 (including tax). So, it's a good deal and the gyro is pretty big! The fries were big steak fries with some seasoning on them. I would recommend just getting the gyro though.

Beware: CASH ONLY!
Food is great as others have said, but as others have mentioned, the Dad and Son that run this place are total douche bags. I have a real problem giving my money to business owners that act like they're doing me a favor and don't appreciate the business. I live in Pasadena and used to eat here about once a week...eventually I just got fed up with their attitude. Will never eat here again.
Some might call me a falafel fiend, but I just like to say I know my way around a chickpea.

That being said, so does this place.  I've made it a life mission of mine to sample the falafel everywhere I go, and lemme tell you, I have eaten some dry, nasty balls.  Pun completely intended.  But the Palace has got the know-how - their falafel is moist and melts in your mouth, just like in the mother country.  And, of course, plus super extra points for being open late in a city that doesn't know the meaning of the word.  Not the best I've ever had - I'd say the pita could use some more vegetables and tahini, to fill it out a bit more - but this place slings a mean ball, and that's the most important part, baby.  Take it from an expert.
The spicy hummus and falafel was worth the trip alone. The chicken schwarma was also good, but I wish they used garlic sauce instead of yogurt on the sandwhich. Regardless, the food was great and unique to the restaurant.
very good food at a very reasonable prices..... i get the house special kabob plate and I would definitely recommend it
East Side Pockets is where its at. There is nothing better than a late night gyro after bar hopping Thayer St, and that is exactly what my friends and I do....literally every single time we go.

The perfect way to end a night, a lamb "yeero" (come on people, pronounce it properly) with all the fixings hits the spot. Fresh ingredients, sauces made in house and perfectly cooked lamb are all reasons why ESP is the best place in Providence to get one of these delicious Greek treats. Every time I go I want to try the falafel, but I just can't bring myself to NOT get one of the delicious gyros. I'll amend the review when I finally make the move.

The guys are ESP are also really cool and like to have fun, especially late night. Good people, good local and great food. Do yourself a favor, check this place out.

(Edit - Had my first falafel here and it was excellent)
I'd think very few cities ten times the size of West Lafayette have a Middle Eastern restaurant this good. Unassuming decor, superb food -- they excel at both the standards, and at the more unusual items on the menu -- and a very nice family that runs the place. Can't recommend highly enough.
Om nom nom nom nom nom....
..I know I know..you're disappointed in my number of star giving-ness..

it just wasnt as delicious as i had remembered and as i had hoped.
I use to eat this stuff way back when and..i remember really enjoying it..

soo..after all the hype from my past and all the hype from everyone else in the world..i go to zankou chicken on a nice sunny afternoon...

everyone seems to be enjoying the half chicken plate. (maybe thats where i go wrong..)

i ordered the chicken tarna wrap..
yay plus one star for quick food.

i open up this wrap with glee
after it is opened
all that i can see...
is this oil coming out from all sides of this wrap and tongs of garlic sauce (which is suppose to be a good thing) cuz garlic sauce equals..deliciousness.....not.

too much garlic sauce in my wrap. waay overpowering. i dunno oil plus lardish looking garlic just wasnt very appealing. (that could have been what ruined my appetite..) minus stars..

plus stars for tender chicken :)
minus stars for oil dripping everywhere


almost 6 bucks for a wrap. eh i coulda gotten a subway footlong without the oil but whatevs :)


sorry i didnt mean to disappoint everyone!  their hummus looked good! everyoens plate looked way yummier and less oily. so maybe if i go again..

ill just have to wait 15 mins for the chicken kabobs i originally wanted


..next destination..father natures wraps, probably more delicious :) i remember it being good years back. but we'll see!
Every time I go here I can get something different and love it. There are also quite a few gluten free options, which makes dining out with friends easier.

I also really enjoy the atmosphere. There are always real flowers on the tables!
Delicious fast food.  Gyro, falafel, kafta, all delicious.
I just went here for lunch last week.  I was a little skeptical at first, but my taste buds allayed any reservations I had, and I'll definitely be coming back.  Krazy Kebob is a sort of corney sounding name and I was expecting a run-of-the-mill kebob joint, but when I got inside what I found was something a lot different.  This place bills itself as a (halal) Indian-Pakistani-Mexican fusion joint.  You might have a hard time guessing what that means, but basically it's a copy of Chipotle with naan (Indian/Pakistani flat bread) instead of tortillas and a mix of Mexican, Indian, and Pakistani ingredients to choose from. 

I got a naan wrap.  For this you get a fresh naan and then you tell them what fillings to put in it assembly line style, just like Chipotle.  You can get the familiar rice,  grilled onions and peppers, and black beans but also Indian-style stewed chickpeas.  You can get Mexican adobo chicken but also chicken malai and chicken tikka.  For cheese you can choose from both ordinary shredded cheese (not sure what kind) and paneer.  In lieu of the ordinary salsas you're offered tikka sauce and various chutneys (tamarind, mint-coriander).  Cilantro/coriander makes a lot of appearances, being common in both cuisines.  There were actually more options that I'm forgetting, but you get the idea.

The naan wrap I got (with rice, onions, peppers, chicken tikka, tikka sauce, chickpeas, cilantro, mint-coriander chutney, and shredded cheese) was pretty big for what I payed (6 bucks and change), and it
really hit the spot.

Now, this place does have a few problems.  The menu wasn't really descriptive enough for me to get a good idea of what the options meant (since this is a bit off the normal beaten path in terms of cuisine).  They don't seem to name or label the fillings at all, so it can be hard to know which you want or how to tell the person behind the counter.  This was counterbalanced by the fact that the staff was friendly and helpful, and it seemed like once I'd selected a naan wrap they'd put whatever I wanted in it with no arguments or up-charges.  The other problem was that the air conditioning unit was leaking water into the dining area where it was being caught by a couple of buckets.  That said, most of the place was perfectly dry and comfortable.  I'd chock these up to growing pains, since I think the business just opened recently.

This place won't replace Chipotle in my heart, but I think it is likely to make my short list of College Park fast food joints (along with only 2 others).  In a town where most of the food is boring and mediocre, this should be a very welcome addition.

ETA: The leaking A/C is now fixed, so the dining area is now pretty nice by fast food standards.
Best falafel I have ever had. Hands down. And the best part about it? It was a falafel SANDWICH. Falafel, lettuce, tomatoes, and a little tahini, all wrapped up in a handy (and might I add cheap - $5) sandwich. The owner is super sweet and has an awesome accent. Added bonus for people like me who love to people watch: even if you sit facing away from the windows, there's a mirror so you can see who's walking by outside.
Cedars has some great homestyle dishes from the mid-East with an intimate and comfortable feel.
Mosaic was a pretty solid experience yet nothing earth-shattering nor groundbreaking (I'm certainly not going to be writing home about it ... much less be writing home at all).

My wife and I decided to split the Lebanese Feast, one of the Mezza platters. It includes hommus, tzaziki, foul, two falafel, two grape leaves, & two spanakopita.

The quantities of the hommus, tzaziki, and foul were quite generous but not really proportionate to the two pieces of pita that come with the feast.

The falafel, leaves, and spanakopita were great but I've had better (like at Café Eight) and were in smaller portions than I had expected.

The service was solid but the atmosphere kind of brings things down a notch. Despite their best efforts (throw pillows, beaded curtains, sitar pop music), you're still eating in a strip mall in PGC (A Livable Community!).
Tiny little shop right along the parking lot on Shopper's Lane with a few tables with umbrellas to enjoy your food on a warm day. 

For under $10, you get a good portion of meat (our favorites are beef and the chicken shawarma), fluffy rice, hummus, salad, and pita. Order a side of dolmas for a tangy bite. Good to the very last bite and has you craving for you more.

Definitely recommended. But check the hours before you go as they close before dinnertime.
This place is how I envision the future of fast-food: a really great non-burger to-go place where you can get a meal in your hands in well under five minutes. 

I got the turkey pita, which was great. You are able to season it to your liking--they have an abundance of spices, and sauces. I got some tatsiki with their spicy sauce and white sauce. It all tasted great. I also had a bite of the chicken pita, which was also really good. 

Came back and got the chicken wowshi--also really good. To me it's a pita X2. I also got a side of fried cauliflower, which was surprisingly good, tough I wouldn't go here just for that.
So someone decided to treat me for dinner at this joint. God bless his poor soul for not realizing what a tax that would lay on his wallet (given my proclivity to stuff my face). On entering the rather awkward looking joint, the only thing that entered my head was "Chaos... cool just like india".  Anyhoo the owner(?) was nice enough to usher us into the corner just next to the garbage ( how thoughtful of him). After my ablutions of tasting all the condiments( an obsessive nature of mine to pre-assess the authenticity of food joints) we discovered that we had to go and choose our own drink from the assortment arranged in the fridge as there just wasn't any menu for that. 

Well finally we ordered the 2 dishes consisting of Rogan Josh and Butter chicken with Nan, standard and safe. Here is where the overall outlook of the joint changed when the owner(?) suggested that we go easy on the dessert as the order was deemed sufficient by him and correctly put down 4 star spicy for our non-americanized palate. 

Food was adequately authentic and rich and as correctly pointed out more than sufficient to fill our tummies. To end it all we were presented with a free baklava.. AWESOME (and so was the rich sweet  baklava)
great pita's. I recommend the steak pita. This place is a self serve kind-a-joint with them cooking the pita and meat then you choosing the veggies you would like to put in them. Pita's range from $6 to $8. They just came out with a new york steak pita which im interested in trying. Overall good place for lunch and dinner if looking for something fast.
Sheesh's hummus is the best I've had in the U.S.   Delicious warm pitas arrive at the table shortly after you sit down, and it's hard not to gorge on them before the meal arrives.  My husband and I shared an appetizer combo for dinner one night and couldn't finish it; portions of other offerings are equally generous.  Everything we've eaten at Sheesh has been excellent, and the wait staff and owner couldn't be friendlier or more accommodating.  

Not knowing what inhabited the space before Sheesh, I don't know how much of the decor was done by the new owner, but it's clearly got a fresh and attractive paint job, a nice collection of photos from Lebanon, and some interesting artifacts adorning walls and niches.  

Great food, service, and decor--should be a winning combination.
If I was writing this my first year of college, I'd give them FIVE stars!  But they've been getting stingy on their chicken so their portions have been getting noticeably smaller.

My friend and I tried this place our first year of college and fell in love!  We've taken so many other friends here and the majority of them love it as well.  We probably went there over 10 times in our first year of college alone.

I always get their Chicken Kabob Plates which comes on basmati rice, salad with olive oil, barbecued tomatoes, and a side of must-o-khiar.  The seasoning they use for their chicken is delicious!  I'm satisfied every time I order it, I love it so much, I never want to order anything else and I'm the type of person who likes to try everything on the menu.  Their salad is always fresh and crispy, I like to replace the olive oil with lemon juice.  Being Vietnamese, I'm used to our white rice, which is soft and sweet.  However, basmati rice has a different, indescribable taste.  I didn't like it the first time I tried it, but it's grown on me.  The barbecued tomatoes are a nice finishing touch to the meal.

My friend tried their Chicken Kabob Sandwich and I took a bite.  It was good but I prefer their plates.  My friend also tried the House Kabob and, although it looks nasty, it's pretty good as well.

I must admit, the restaurants with the best food are the ones that look like a hole in the wall.  There isn't much decor here, they have freezers that store their drinks much like at a liquor store.  They sell various groceries that are laid out on shelves.  There are only a couple tables and a few seats at the "bar" so it's a really small restaurant.  However, don't let their appearance fool you!  

Their pricing is a bit expensive.  The chicken kabob plate is $9.95 but I have the Student Advantage card so I get a dollar off.  The student dollar stretchers also have a coupon for a dollar off as well.

The elderly couple that works there are really nice!  Although they don't remember my name, they always know that I get the Chicken Kabob plate and that I like to add lemon juice on my salad.  When it's busy and I'm calling in my order ahead of time, he may get a little grumpy but I don't mind.  

The chicken kabob takes 20-30 minutes to prepare (it's barbecued right in front of you) so expect a wait.  If you're impatient, just call in your order!  They'll tell you your order will be ready in "30 minutes" (every time).
This place is conveniently located at the north end of the Drag and is a good place to stop and grab a bite during your little shopping outing.  The place is small on the inside but does offer some outdoor seating to relax and people watch.  

The food is very good especially the hummus, however the gyro leaves much to be desired and is quite possibly the worst in the city.  Instead of slices of nice succulent pieces of gyro meat they slice them paper thin and then burn them to a crisp.  It's a closer match to bacon than gyro meat.  Unfortunately I am a gyro lover through and through so a bad gyro is the kiss of death for any place purporting to be Mediterranean or Greek in any way.  

Your best bet is to grab some hummus to go then jaunt across the street to Milto's for a great gyro.  The prices here are middle of the line but considering the quality they could be cheaper.  

Overall, it is a decent place to sit outside enjoy some hummus and maybe a falafel but avoid the gyro.  Four stars for the hummus, if they didn't have that it would be a solid one star.
Falafel Palace is awesome. Perfect meal, perfect snack. Always cheap.

Personally I almost always get the lamb schwarma rollup, because it is just too delicious. When you walk in the door and look at that giant spit of meat roasting in front of you, it's almost impossible to buy anything else. That said, I have also had their falafel as well as their hummus and tabuli and it is all tasty as can be. 

Not too much in terms of seating, but you'll probably end up scarfing your food down before you even realize that you want to sit.
I will NEVER ever go back. Ever!

I don't care if my best friend's wedding reception was here, I would have to miss it. It just sucks. 

A couple of friends were eating here, so we decided to meet up. 1 person ordered food and hooka, 6 people ordered pretty much water. The bill: $90. My wallet wanted to go to the police station to file rape charges against them. 

This place is a SCAM. Too much of a douche bag scene, especially the owner. If you like hanging out with pretentious assholes, GO HERE. 

I wish there was zero stars, for the first time.
It is nothing short of a miracle if this place is open.

My girlfriend loved the lentil soup she once had at this place. 

So we tried to visit this place at various times, and irrespective of when we went (believe me, we tried going at all kinds of times) - it used to be closed.

Maybe they were renovating or something then - I dont know, whatever it was, it did not make great business sense.

Anyway this once when we managed to find it open (we were really excited to go in, I remember), we had the lentil soup again (this time it was ok, clearly there is not much consistency in the cook's recipes). 

But should say that the food was not too bad. I think we had some veggie soup as well, and that was also not bad.

5/10 for the food, 0/10 for their hours.
Wow, the garlic butter spread thing is phenomenal! Even though it's just rotisserie chicken with pita, the flavors and textures are fantastic! I'm salivating just thinking about it! We also tried the Mutabbal (grilled organic eggplants, fresh garlic and tahini blended together and topped with olive oil and paprika) and enjoyed that very much as well. A whole chicken was definitely more than enough for 2 people. 

Be prepared to park in a crappy parking lot.
Been living in Cambridge for over 5 years now and this USE TO be my weekly spot, I refered everyone here, my gf/nephew/etc.  Loved the food and the owner.  This place recently has been renovated and the owner is no longer present so the INMATES are running the place.  

FIRST.  The woman at the cashier is always on the phone so she won't interact with you at all.  Unless she is Yelling at you saying your wrong and she is right regarding a sandwich?!

SECOND.  If you want something on your rollup like pickles/no onions you better not ask because its not BURGER KING where you can HAVE IT YOUR WAY.  Especially if there is 1-2 people behind you.  

DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SKIP THIS PLACE.  SAD SAYING THIS BECAUSE THIS PLACE WAS AWESOME!  USE TO BE....NOW IT IS JUST ANOTHER SNOBBY TRENDY EATERY!

I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK...........................
Terrific food, friendly owners.  I think lunch here sealed the deal for my son to attend Pitt.
This is the best hookah place to go to in College Park! Okay well there's only this place and prince cafe soo..yeah. I mean it's not the best hookah bar I've been to but this place has one of the friendliest group of waiters. There are LCD TVs playing middle eastern music while the overall feel of the place is very warm. The hookah doesn't hit very well but its clean and it tastes like the flavor you order. 
The food is very good. I recommend the lamb kabob as well as the lamb ribs. Try the hummus if you like, its not the best. 
Overall this is a very great place for hookah in college park because they treat you well and the hookah is very clean. They are fine to accept big groups without forcing you to get a certain amount of hookahs.
So freaking good.  I always get extra sauce on my gyro.  It's crazy that you get a massive heap of fries with your sandwich for such a cheap price.

The combos are the deal of the century.
Wowshies! My boyfriend got the ground beef and I got chicken. The self-serve bar of sauces and veggies is great. The wowshie pita bread is like a hybrid of freshly baked pizza dough and pita bread, warm and toasty deliciousness straight out of the oven. The 2 guys working there were super helpful and friendly. I'll be going back.
WOW!

this place is amazing! hands down delicious! 

BEST falafel i've ever had!

I thought it was mediocre with the very limited menu.  We ended up having the Gyro Pocket($6) which is a strips of greek style seasoned lamb and of course the Falafel Pocket($5).  DE-LI-CIOUS! Skirt steak and falafel was the best I've had to date.
Hands down my favorite falafel place in the area. 

And I will be the first to admit that I HATE people that compare NYC to Boston but when i moved back here from NYC I went on a falafel HUNT

Yummy cheap Falafel joints were so readily available in NYC....and then I came across this place thanks to an ex BF of mine.....it has since become one of my favorite cheap eats.

Also of note are the spinach pies and baklava(that is prob the wrong name for it here but you know what I mean)

And the people that work here have always been nothing but super friendly to me....falafel with a smile that doesn't make my tummy moan later? I'll take it!
Amazing Falafel, open late, reasonable prices, fast and efficient with polite service. I have yet to try the shawarma, but i've heard good things.
I was seriously disappointed by the food. 

I was coming here for a show and thought I would kill two birds with one stone by having dinner 15 feet from where they were playing. 

It's the first time in my life I have ever made a mistake. They gave me a bland falafel wrap, the tahini had almost no taste and even though I asked for some heat there was none. 

Upstairs the beers start at a reasonable $3.75 for a large PBR.  The sound system is pretty decent but the layout of the floor isn't the best.


Overall:  Restaurant gets 3 stars and the venue gets 4.
Got the appetizer sampler (vegetarian) as the entree.

The only thing is I wish there were more hot items on the sampler plate (it was mostly a bunch of cold appetizers).  Other than that it was pretty good - a diverse selection of flavors and pretty tasty.
Great home made food. Excellent service.   The owner gives you the feeling as if he is having you over for dinner at his house - very warm experience.
I love everything about this restaurant. 

Every time I walk in Beirut, I am treated like family with a super-warm greeting and even warmer service. The food is genuine, delicious, and you will not leave hungry. 

If you have never tried Lebanese, they will be happy to help you find what will like. They will also make you anything you want, as long as it is reasonable.
Love the lamb kebab plate!  They have the best hummus around.
Can you imagine how happy I was when I came home hungry from a long day at work and I found that the BF brought home some tasty kabobs!  He's a good man.  :-)

I had the house kebab plate which comes with a fresh side salad with grilled tomatoes & feta and a great, savory rice.  I'm not a fan of beef but these kabobs are nicely flavored and delicious.  I devoured everything and surprisingly didn't feel heavy afterwards.  

The kebabs are made fresh to order.  The BF works nearby and calls in his order from time to time and when he arrives late to pick up his order, the owner goes out of his way to make him fresh kebabs!  Now that's service.

It's also really nice that this is owned and operated by a nice older couple and yes it's a small market also.
I've been going to Rami's since 1990, and he never fails to satisfy. Excellent food and friendly service.
I went here last night with my husband and sister's. We were there on the early side so had no problem getting a table. Although the few times I have been there I have never seen it super packed. Never been for a concert so I am only basing this on food. Atmosphere is great, server was friendly and food was good. I got an eggplant dish with meat. It was yummy and filling. The rice pilaf was good as well. Tons of pita as well. My husband got the Lamb kebobs and he was happy and my sister got the vegitarian version of the eggplant dish that I got and I saw a ton of chick peas in her dish in place of the meat. My other sister is the less adventorus of the group- she got a cheeseburger and fries. The burger was huge and  the fries were good-she shared with the group. 

I like this place! will go back again when I am in Central Square.
I enjoyed this place.  Outside and inside seating.  We entered and it was already getting hot, so we chose to dine inside.  Immediately greeted by waitress who let us sit anywhere open.  Immediately upon sitting, we were offered drinks and then told of the specials.  Not many places tell you the prices of the specials, but our waitress did.  + for that

My date got chicken shish kabob, I did not try it, but she told me it was good.  It looked like it was cooked in a lot of herbs and spices, and served on a bed of white rice and vegetables.  

I ordered the lamb ravioli special.  It was good, however, i was expecting italian raviolis - big pasta stuffed with meat. Here small dime sized pieces of lamb in pasta and cooked. It was served in a LOT of garlic yogurt.  I enjoyed it.  My date did not like it too much, but she is not a fan of lamb.  I would not recommend if you want to enjoy the lamb taste over other flavors.  If that is the case, recommend a lamb shishkabob or something similar.  

This place was very laid back.  We ate slowly, almost an hour.  And then we sat and talked at the table for almost another two.  It was very laid back.  All the while more and more diners were entering, yet nobody pushed us to pay.

Great place for a first date. Not too loud (at least at 12:45 when we arrived on a Saturday).
I love Falafel on Broadway! The hummus with foul is amazingly delicious. The babaganush is divine. The musaka'a is excellent. I eat here every other week or so and always enjoy my meal.  The staff is extremely courteous and love to make friendly chit chat while you wait for your food. Make sure to ask about the daily specials as they usually have an excellent baked lamb dish with rice and a salad for around $10. Now excuse me while I go order some hummus with foul and a fatoush salad...
Extraordinary knack for: 
- mixed drinks (holy mojito) 
- rad DJs (Ghostdad, Frank White, etc.)

I've been here a handful of Sunday nights to dance, and it's always a good, good time. Not too big, not too little, and the vibe is cozy: eye-catching artwork lines the walls, and there's a couple of comfy couches by the bar. The only downside is, there aren't too many tables, but you should be on your feet anyway.
The coffee is ok.  The food is ok.  The atmosphere is awesome. 

But the service is abysmal.  If I wanted to be treated like a virulent leper I would have auditioned for a role as an extra in 1995's "Outbreak."  I love Dustin Hoffman as much as the next gal.

I had no monkey from the Congo with me during my visits.  I'd never been to Africa.  Nothing on my clothing or my person displayed the frantic, red BIOHAZARD symbol, so why the lack of love?  Or basic human decency?

I've been there four times, each time trying to offer Algiers a fresh chance to show me that I'm not in need of a penicillin shot.  Or that the staff doesn't think I smell (I shower daily, thankyouverymuch).  But it's always the same routine - the server takes our order, delivers it, and then apparently goes  on vacation to the actual Algiers.  Oh...is that where the name originates?

Each time I've been there, once the caffeine has been consumed, I've sat at my table, my friend and I glancing around, wondering if our server had died.  Four times in a row we've had to track our server down, pounce on her, and ransom her first born for our check.  As an ex server myself, it's in the restaurant's best interest to get lingering tables out of there.  

My time spent at Algiers has convinced me of the following:

1.  I must have some sort of facial gangrene that I don't know about to drive my server away.  Or is it some persistent body odor?  Should I try Teen Spirit?

2.  I should possibly reevaluate my career as an extra in movies centered on the effects of biological warfare.  I could be ALL OVER Outbreak 2.

3.  Maybe the servers at Algiers just aren't that into me, a totally harmless (somewhat attractive, gangrene-free) 20 something.  

Or maybe it's just that the service at Algiers should try to raise itself up to the caliber of its coffee.

Or I go to Hollywood.  What is more feasible, I ask?
I got some shawarma here after hearing some people mention it.  They have a pretty wide variety of shawarma such as chicken, lamb, mixed, etc.  They also have wraps and plates as options too.  I went for the lamb shawarma plate, which came with salad, rice, spicy sauce and tzatziki sauce.  The flavor was pretty good, slightly dry but the rice was decently flavored.  They also gave some pita bread on the side as well.  

This is a small place, with very little seating (which I think is downstairs).  The service wasn't as fast as we hoped as we were kind of in a rush, but I think it was just an off day.
'Meh' about explains all my feelings about this place. The seating is rather janky (is janky a word?), the service is almost non-existent and the prices are absolutely ridiculous. But the place is still packed on friday nights with people who just want to sit back and smoke hookah with a few friends. 

I don't understand that because neither can  you sit and relax (on account of aforementioned furniture) or smoke good hookah, because the hookah isn't good at all. 

So what you get here is a sleazy owner who pretends to know you (but doesn't), a pretentious Rolls parked out front and mediocre hookah. Meh. 

PS. Apparently 'janky' is not a word yet defined by any dictionary. But you get the point.
this place is quicker than a hiccup.  they had my food ready before i could even whip out my cash.  this place is quick, good and decently priced.  my personal favorite is the beef kabob plate.  the meat is soft and has some nice flavor seasonings.  

my only complaint about this restaurant is that the lines can get pretty long but given how fast their service is, you wont be waiting too long.
I love Zankou. Over the years, prices have gone up, and garlic butter packaging has gotten oh-so-fancy.

chicken tarna plate is my go-to, but the number of pitas you get with your order is highly variable. (ok, the default is 2, and that's not variable, but when you start asking for extra, a rough correlation is
two extra pita please--four total
three extra pita please--six total
could i please have some extra pita? there's never enough--eight total--again, this is FOR ONE TARNA PLATE! YESSSS!!!)

don't park in the private lot if you're not a fan of backing out of tight spaces. 

T-shirts are only $3.99. These were the caltech ultimate frisbee team's uniforms back when I was still in college. Seems like the shirt prices haven't suffered much from inflation.

also, the photos in the hallway make me want to visit Lebanon.
I've come to find out my largest regret in life is not applying to UW.

If only i had known this magnificent place would be within walking distance, open till 2am, and serve the best damn falafel, gyro, and chicken shawarma ever!
BROOKLINE LUNCH ROCKS BREAKFAST!! (been a few times now)

I finally decided to give this dinky dive a try for breakfast. My wife had mentioned it a few times, but we never took the time to go check it out. I wonder why they don't call it Brookline Breakfast, since they seem to be more known for their breakfast than lunch.

As it turns out, today was a rainy Friday morning at about 9:30am. Walked right in, picked a seat, nice young man came and took my order, and I kid you not in 7 minutes was back with my food.  It was delicious and CHEAP! 2 eggs and bacon, with home fries for $3.75???! Yup!  Home fries were good and greasy, bacon wasn't all crunchy (I like soft bacon), and the eggs were perfect.

The place was clean, and had kinda weird paint on the walls (designs), and the enormous a/c unit hanging above the entrance looked like it was a lawsuit getting ready to happen at any moment.

I don't know if I'd be so impressed if I had to wait outside in a line, or if I had experienced slow service, both of which other Yelpers have mentioned. I guess I'll only go on weekday mornings, and avoid weekends.

Oh, I did meet the owner lady and her baby who was providing us with screeching and yelling child-made background music. Owner was very nice to me.
I prefer the Middle East Downstairs to the Upstairs because it is larger and seems to have a better sound system.  Downstairs is pretty decent and a cool place to hang with friends and see a show.  There is a lot of room for dancing too, if the music is appropriate for it and you're into that sort of thing.  There is also a large area at the back of the floor that is really conducive to merch-vending for bands, which is nice since the Upstairs area has significantly less room for that (I have a lot of friends in Boston area bands and work at their merch tables sometimes).  Upstairs is cool because it has tables for dining and hanging out before the show, but the space is really cramped and can get really loud, so if that's a problem for you, I'd suggest eating and hanging out in the main "corner" area, which is attached to the entrance of the Downstairs.  The performance space Upstairs is really small and can get really cramped.  Also, for some reason the sound there has always been way louder than it should be every time I've been there for a show.  I usually don't have problems with noise levels in music venues but it gets really annoying for me Upstairs.  Regardless, this is a cool place to see a show and the staff has always been really chill and friendly when I've been there.
Chicken shawerma is delicious. Wish they had beef shawerma too. Huge variety of kabobs. Delicious hummus and rice. $8 for lunch is pricey, but that seems to be the going rate lately, especially for the quality. Very friendly employees. Very quick service.
whats going on? new recipes? the hummus and tahini is not very tasty anymore and not to mention the garlic containers are horrible! 

other than that tarna and kababs are awesome! 
cashiers ina and christina are always rocking :)
I think Habibi's exists to piss off their customers. I used to come here frequently couple years back and vowed to NEVER come here again after a quarrel with one of the waiters, who everyone seems to dislike yet he is still there. Must be family to the owner, because everyone I talk to who has been to Habibi's knows exactly who I am talking about. "Oh, ya that asshole waiter, always pissing people off."

We were bored out of our minds last night and decided to hit Gypsy's up as usual. Gypsy's requires a $15 minimum per person every night now, which is fine for the weekends, but at that moment we made up our mind that we weren't interested in spending $15 per person on a weeknight. It's the best thing Gypsy's can do for Habibi's,but it's such a shame. Gypsy's is a hundred times better than Habibi's. My boyfriend started to cross the street to Habibi's where I shouted "We aren't headed to Habibi's are we?" But we dragged a friend out with us so we had to do something, so he responded "Ya, unfortunately." 

I was feeling optimistic, so maybe Habibi's took notice to their piss poor reviews on Yelp and have done something about it since it went up 1 star since the last time I saw it. We were greeted by a nice hostess outside, so that was a good start, she seats us and things just started to irk me from then on. I am usually passive when it comes to eating at restaurants, but I refuse to take any kind of shit from Habibi's. Our waiter was nice, trying to make a living, but was way too AGGRESSIVE in sales. He tried to upsell us the apple thing in your hookah and we passed, but he then went on "...Let me explain what this apple thing does...blah blah..." As we were looking at him like just leave us alone and give us our beers and  hookah, he did. We get our beers where we take a sip and literally tastes like water. I start to pop off "WHY DO YOU NEED TO WATER DOWN A BEER?" My boyfriend comically adds, "Well, at least they gave our coke's in a can so that we know for sure that they didn't water it down."

I asked the waiter  "Do you guys water down your beer here?" His face in shock looking for words to find, he says "No, we wouldn't do that, it's a lower alcohol content, it's a Miller, it's 1.5%, I'm just the waiter." (BULLSHIT, right?) 

I respond, "I've had Miller before, and should not taste like water and should not only have a 1.5% alcohol content" Knowing that they would dare charge $5 for their beer, in which, I'm sure they don't have a license for since the beers are off menu, I asked him if I can send our two beers back. I was actually shocked that he said yes. It's obvious that this owner, either thoroughly rips his customers off, or he has money from doing something else, because he is infamous for his fire red Ferrari, and last night he rolled up in a Bentley. Which pissed me even more off that he is still making money from people with a business like his.

After sending back the beers, the waiter rolled by our table 3 times asking us the same thing "do you want french fries or something to eat" in which he had a look of disappointment each time we said no. 

The hookah only lasted 20 minutes because of the cheap coal they use and it gets harsh quickly. Why do they do that? So that the customers who don't know any better buy the refills. The waiter also included his own tip into a bill for 3 people. Sad that they have to secure their tip that way, and dare give people a final receipt with a tip bar just to trick their customers. 

I will never, ever, ever, ever go back to Habibi's no matter if they get their shit together or not. I DO NOT RECOMMEND. We should have stuck with Gypsy's from the get-go we were going to buy beers anyways. The 5 star reviews for Habibi's has got to be boosters, there is no way customers can actually have a fabulous time here.

2 cans of coke
1 mint tea
1 hookah
With the waiter including his tip. 
Total bill $36 dollars. 

And yes the beer's are $5 each.
So, knowing that Zankou is the original to my beloved Grand Chicken, I thought I would give it a try today. My friend, who is moving back to Australia actually requested this as his last lunch in America,  since I am always bringing in my Grand Chicken leftovers and raving about the orgasmic garlic potato paste (no butter in it). 

Well, although Zankou's menu had more options on it with falafel and mutabol, I didn't find the food as good. 

The skin here is not as crispy or salty and the garlic potato paste was not nearly as garlicky.  Now, one hour after my meal and a pot of garlic paste, my mouth has not one bit of garlic taste in it. People are not making wide circles around me. The squirrels are not running from me in fear. Vampires are not dropping dead. The Garlic paste definitely tastes more homemade, flavorful, and strong at Grand Chicken.  But the chicken was still juicy and flavorful. But I think this won't be the place I need to get my garlic paste, crispy chicken skin fix. 

Beware the parking lot in the back. If you have a big car, you have to back all the way out of the parking lot and then try to squirm your way out of the alley while avoiding work trucks there for construction. It was amusing to observe my co-worker  attempt to make a 30 point turn to get out of there.
awwww, i went to the window to grab a bite and figured i had time, so i walked-in to the sitting area, where i was approached by an old man wearing a bandanna, telling me i am not to eat food inside unless i had ordered from inside. i have never seen the man work there so i assumed he owned the building.  also the falafel sandwich was cold and had no flavor. overall BAD experience. i might try it again... for other sandwiches.
I never came here in the 'good ol days' that the other reviews refer to since I am a new to the neighborhood. However, as a 10+ year vegetarian I was thrilled with this place. It's not high brow, and the 5-side Vegetarian Plate Special is great for getting tons of variety and having a second lunch tomorrow with the leftovers. I really really liked the eggplant with yogurt spread...it's the lighter brown colored one (if that helps!).

I also liked the salty disgusting carboned yogurt soda drink too. I need to try the mint flavored one next time... I will be coming here regularly. If they added banana milkshakes to the menu, then this place would be even awesomer. Yes, awesomer.
this restaurant is closed we went to it this week and we found an empty place
Very nice owner.  He seems like a really, really nice guy.  

However. 

I did not appreciate pulling a very long hair out of my shawarma.  I had to rip the pita open down the middle to get it out.  Kinda takes the enthusiasm out of eating my sandwich.  If this wasn't my first visit (and first impression), I probably wouldn't have minded so much.
Overall: Love the hipster, casual environment. Good for kids, good for groups. Reasonable prices. Nothing that will WOW you, but the food is solid.

Food: 
Falafel Special - This was my first time trying falafel, so I don't actually know what it's supposed to taste like. Pita was good, nothing special. Falafel was crispy and flavorful. Nice helping of fries on the side which made it filling for the price of $5.25. Little sprinklings of lettuce, tomato, and sauce add flavor and texture.
Gyro - Meat is rectangular patties of lamb/beef which I thought was strange since I've normally seen gyros with flaky, thin layers of meat. Nevertheless, the meat was tender and flavorful. Tzatziki is always yummy. Pretty good. Would probably get next time.
Traditional Hummus - Yummy!

Environment:
Much more spacious than I was expecting from the outside. Plenty of booths and small tables. Great place for group gatherings, family lunches, casual date, or quick catch-up with a friend. Interesting artwork on the wall and mismatched chairs add an eclectic vibe to the place. Large, comfy chairs and couches scattered around the place make for a comfortable setting. Liked the little foosball table on a side coffee table. My 4y/o nephew was definitely not bored, so if you have easily bored children, there are plenty of interesting chairs, toys, board games, and paintings on the wall to amuse them while you wait for your food (watch out that they don't get distracted WHILE eating though...). 

Service:
SO friendly and helpful! The cashier was patient with my fobby Taiwanese father ordering food that he couldn't pronounce :) ("Jee-roh?" "What is a tah-boo-lee?")

Random note: Really liked the "Food Guide" at the bottom of the menu. I'm not much of a Mediterranean food know-it-all, so the descriptions of the food were extremely helpful! Now I know what dolmas, tahini, and taratoor are!
I've had maybe one or two deliveries from here. The food there is okay, nothing remarkable.   However, this is more for their MIT Truck, as that has given me a food option that allows a quick and easy way to buy some cheap food.

For $4, you can get a falafel, or a kebab, or something else with a pita, and a sodie pop.  Think about this.  A wrap filled with decent ingredients plus a soda for about half of what you will pay elsewhere in the Kendall area (and, with about a quarter of the line that Gooseberry's has, so when you need to get food quickly, it's usually quick and easy). 

Again, the food isn't the greatest, but it's definitely serviceable, and easy to get, in the Kendall/MIT area, and a much better deal than most.
YUMTOWN! The falafel pita is excellent.  C'mon peeps, the gayley eateries aren't exactly le cirque - it's not about the ambiance or girth of the menu.  I stopped by this place for the first time this evening as I finished running the perimeter, and my pita (self-loaded with cucumbers, hummus, olive oil, onions) was in my tummy by the time I crossed Weyburn.  I will be back!
I love the hummus here.  I bought some pita chips at the CVS next door and then ordered a pita with hummus (both off of the "sides" menu for a total of $4 - a bit expensive but I had a particular craving for hummus) which I ate at the store.  The take-out hummus container had enough hummus to last me over a week.  You can buy hummus at the grocery store, but somehow it doesn't taste as good as the homemade hummus at this place.  It tastes fresh and tart.  On one of several visits, I encountered a less-than-hospitable cashier who was having an in-depth convo with a friend while attempting to take my order.  I guess the manager allows the employees to make personal calls during work hours.  I let it slide since I was able to satisfy my hummus and pita craving; the pitas they use here are fluffy, warm, and delicious.  I just like to eat it as a side whenever I order a plate which comes with a pita and hummus.

I recommend the lamb kebab sandwich (minus the hot sauce for any pita since it tends to make the pita soggy and it's rather spicy when usually I expect Mediterranean food not to be spicy) though it's pricier than the chicken kebab or chicken scharma (breast) sandwiches.  I like the fried eggplant side dish and the potato salad isn't bad though it tastes a bit unusual (perhaps it has more "bite" from a mustard sauce or something).  Beware if you're in a time crunch, however: the beef and lamb dishes take more time to prepare, whereas the chicken ones (plate or sandwich) are ready in much less time.

The chocolate nut dessert was pretty good.  If you absolutely need to satisfy your sweet tooth post-meal, order one for a little over $1.

I'd go back again and maybe get take-out next time.  

Service: C
Taste: B
Been going there for YEARS! I know the entire staff on a first name basis, and they do as well, they always give my party free everything, discounts, vip room, vip discounts, just amazing. Ask for Fire as a waiter, he will take care of you (philip). Love it here, Saad, keep up the good work. Go see Ben DJ on thursday nights in the VIP room hes great (Illectro lounge) (dont know if thats still going on) unfortunately i havent been there in a long time as i have moved 500 miles north and a 7 hour drive is a bit hard, although i have actually done it just so i could go back to Habibi! Love it here, dont listen to all the crap people write on here, they are just prissy LA losers :). 
Love you all at Habibi keep it up!
Inexpensive and delicious!  Lunch here cost me about $5.  I love the falafel sandwich and vegetarian plates.   Falafal is juicy and flavorful and the falafel sandwich is spread w/ hummus and filled with radish pickles and  lettuces.  Small olives served with the sandwich is big plus.   It's my favorite falafel place for taste and value.
Oh Habibi Habibi Habibi... I could write a poem about you Habibi (my love) and my many experiences in your hookah bar and lounge next door all of the things I've seen, such as _____ in the VIP room in your small lounge, the perverted bus boys, rude waiters, expensive hookahs and plate prices that both taste like____, how you have a cash only business(shady)YET accept credit from a selected few(Your favorites), the obnoxious UCLA students, sexy/ugly middle eastern guys, oh and how can I forget Habibi THE MAN BOSS with silky flat ironed white hair that flows in the wind as he walks by while dressed like a pimp... He's very nice though but still come on!

But I won't write a poem... What I will say, Habibi shame on you!!! Look it your ratings on yelp!!!! You must not care, as I've seen no improvement... I've tried to not come back yet my friends insist on going for there b-days so I must, but I know It may hurt to read but I'd chose smoking at Gypsy anyway!!! Take that Haaaaabibi!
middle east downstairs is a GREAT place to see a show.  it's fabulous!  went to see a show there this past friday night.  good times.  and my ears didn't ring so bad!
Good music in an intimate environment - also check out their greasy spoon brunch.
Best Mediterranean food!!! Drive 28 miles one way a few times a month to eat here! We are loyal customers to this place!!! It's fast, reasonably priced, and DELISH!!! Father and son are super friendly and always cater to your special requests!

Chicken - good! Beef - good! Lamb - good! Chicken Shawarma - GOOD! :D
Five stars for saving the neighborhood.  This area has been a wasteland of crappy bodegas since Floridita closed a couple of years ago.  Falafel on Broadway is delicious and they have a lot of variety.  I eat here 2 or 3 times a week and never get bored.  Also, along with the tasty foods, try their Turkish coffee.  Its the real deal!
Zankou has amazing chicken. Their rotisserie chicken is very tender and deliciously seasoned. The service is also very fast. Definitely try the garlic butter that comes with the meals and make sure you use it on the chicken. This place is the real deal.
I might be a bit biased b/c i actually signed my closing docs for my first home in this place. Despite being a complete ball of nerves, i was able to eagerly down their fantasic hummus platter, which is HUGE.

I love the hummus, combination platter (hummus, baba ghanush, tabouli etc, the peasant salad is huge, full of healthy cabbage and other greens, and the lamb anything.  

They are open late which is a luxury in the square, have amazing tea (my favorite is the hibiiscus), and surprisingly good wine (we went for the traditional red, lebanese wine). At $13, the combo plate is a steal to share with a friend.  

My only complaint, is that this is definitly a sit back and relax, enjoy your meal slowly kind of place. If u are in a rush, and have a fixed amount of time to eat, be served, and pick up the check, this might not be the spot for you.
Goodbye hangover
I'm replete, wallet intact
Thank you Brookline Lunch
The food is whatever. It's convenient.

The new-ish woman at the front answering the phones, however, is INCREDIBLY rude.
I was thisclose from slapping her through the telephone.
I've walked by this place for years and never stopped in, but a friend of mine has raved about it, so we stopped. And I was pleasantly surprised! It's actually much nicer inside than it looks outside (although looks or ambiance are definitley not the selling points of htis establishment).

Nothing special about the service, but the food was yummy and really hit the spot. I had the falafel platter, which included 4 falafel balls served on top of cucumber, lettuce, tomato and dill salad, plus warm lavash and tahini for $5.75. It is really filling for what you spend. 

I'd go back.
Post-tattoo goodness!

It was a great night - and to settle out after fun and exciting times elsewhere we decided to try a new hookah place.

We went in and were seated promptly in the big room - the decor is aged wood, definitely more akin to a sports bar than what you may think of as a hookah lounge.  He asked our seating preference and we just asked for a comfy place. We got a table with a nice bench against a wall and settled in.

At this point of the night, my friends, I did not need more beer or alcohol - but for Yelps sake, I took a look at the beer/drinks list on the table.  I didn't really notice any craft beers/craft taps. They did have Kingfisher, and I'm blurry on the rest... A decent selection of mixed drinks.  Someday when I'm in the mood I'll give them a try.

Their hookah menu has different price tiers for different experiences/levels of shisha/hookah.  We told him what we'd liked from the other hookah lounge and he suggested a cinnamon/apple blend with more cinnamon in it.

We agreed.  Out, fairly quickly, came a lovely hookah and we gave it a try.  The smoke was *much* cooler than we were used to.  I thought, well, that happens sometimes at first, but we'll keep on it and see how it smokes through.

Very nice!  Kept fairly consistent through, I didn't get as much of an apple-cinnamon taste as I did a sort of 'generic' spice, but it smoked so well that I can't really complain.

The waiter was very attentive - we had the lamb atop hummus and the kofta paneer for food. It wasn't so much hunger driving the eating, as the 'if I don't have anything, I'm going to be a wreck tomorrow morning'.

The lamb/hummus was very good, if a little oily for my personal taste.  The kofta paneer I barely remember as we ate it up fairly quickly ;)  

It got *VERY* busy as the night went on, mostly college students as it's right on the main-campus-business-strip.  Nice chill atmosphere, and generally the room was happy but energetic =)

We'll likely go back again to try some food from their entree menu and maybe explore more hookah flavors. This time we'll probably be more sober and go early =)
This is a little whole in the wall in Westwood with barely any seating and really fresh food. Usually there are only one or two employees so you may have to wait a few seconds till they take your order. It's nice that you can see them cooking the meat in front of you so you know it is freshly made. Usually take 10-15 minutes to get the food so if you're in a hurry call ahead. Like many others said, the salad/topping bar is possibly the best part. I usually add some lettuce, veggies, and then hummus, white sauce (any one have any idea what it is?), and a bit of tahini.

I always get the lamb pita. The meat is pretty good, sometimes I get a piece that is a little chewy or that I would like cooked more. Seasoning is okay, I have found it a bit salty but once you add the hummus and stuff it's pretty good. Overall, pretty good food and it's nice that you can choose what you toppings and such you want to add. The best part is probably the fresh ingredients and made to order food. I still prefer Zankou but not bad for a closer, probably healthier alternative.
Came here with some friends an it was not bad it was the worse. Location great service horrible an it was the afternoon, not even busy an the hookah was dirty the staff did not come around, drinks took forever an it was not worth the time or money.
Even though Algiers is one of my favorite old hanuts in Harvard Square, it's lost something since it's become smoke-free. You used to be able to go here on a weekend evening and enjoy the aroma of apple-flavored sheesha even if you weren't smoking it yourself. Sure, it's healthier without the smoke, but that was part of its appeal for me. Still, a great little place to hit up with friend for coffee or tea. I've never eaten here, so I can't comment on the food.
I was starving and got the falafel+baba ghanouj sandwich to go and man is it gooooood. This place and Petra are tied in my book for the best baba ghanouj in town. I love how friendly the owner is too, you don't really get that kinda service (or any service really...) in the u-district. Yay Cedars! Oh and did I mention you get a monster of a pita sandwich for just $5?! I am so in love with this place.
By far the best food in Westwood. The breakfast wowshi is the way to go. mmmmmm. I'm sad I can no longer access this via walking and I pine for it.
The pide bread definitely lives up to all the hype. I asked for more 3x, and loved it even more on the pizza. I also tried some of their lamb dishes; all delicious. Generous portions at great prices, give them a try. :)
Add me to the list of JG fanatics.  I freaking love this place. Very fresh and unique.  Best falafel I've ever had.  Falafel with hummus wrap is my hands-down favorite item on the menu.  They also have awesome chicken shwarma, served with a delicious garlicy yogurt sauce and dill pickles.  Veggie grape leaves are delightful and their tabbouli salad is excellent.  It's a little cramped inside but eating outside in the little garden area is great.  I usually get my order to go during lunch.  The worst part about going to JG is trying to decide what to order.  Never, ever leave without a piece of the pistachio baklava!
I have died and gone to Hummus.  Ahem.  My friend and I went to this place a few weeks back and totally enjoyed the experience.  Cashier was friendly and helpful and our food was ready very quickly.  I got the hummus platter which was totally delicious and actually a lot of food for the price.  There was lots of seating indoors and I felt refreshed after eating there.  I will be back!
I have never been here to eat, but I have been here to drink....and drink....and then dance...a lot. So much so that my calves hurt. Maybe I should have drank a little more.  Anyway, when I take my office hours at the bar I find that it is easy to get a drink on a non-"night," meaning getting there before the night's theme gets into full swing.  When I go to dance it is on their soul night, Soul-leh-lu-jah, on Sat. nights.  The DJs are very impressive in their selection and song flow and everyone comes out and dances and it's magic.  But, back to the drink...I do find that when it is crowded (i.e. the soul night) it can take for-ev-er and sometimes a 2 or 3 person strategic plan has to be sprung to timely order and receive your drinks.  But everyone is nice and sexy so you don't mind that much. But if you do sense the bar filling up and you know you're not an aggressive type, order a second drink right away just in case you never get to lock eyes with the bartender for the rest of the night.
Very quick and delicious lunch spot. Great customer service. Had the chicken plate. Everything was tasty. Greek salad could have been a little better.
The place is pretty delicious. I had the Kaza (Lamb) Sandwich and the Coban Salad and they were both wonderful. The Coban Salad reminded me of salads I'd have all the time growing up (but there were no greens so don't be surprised when they bring you out a plate of cubed tomatoes, bell peppers, cucumbers and onions -- that's the way it's supposed to look). 

The meat in the sandwich was just as wonderful! Since they'd brought out bread with the salad (or for my friend's appetizer - not sure), I didn't get to eat all the bread on my sandwich, but I was still full!

I'd definitely go back and try some other sandwich. And definitely get some more of that salad!
Cafe style dining with outside tables, all you can drink soda.  The falafel was very adequate, pita very soft.  A friend had the lamb and liked it a lot.  If you want better falafel, try Nagila on Pico or Ventura Blvd or Chapa Grill or Amir's Falafel on Ventura Blvd.
I came here for the first time with my friend that lives just down the street from this place. I had their chicken tarna wrap, which was good. The chicken had a lot of flavor. I would go back if I was in town again.

They have a small parking lot out back. And it's kind of funny because you have to reverse all the way back to exit.
I'm rather sad after two years of living in Pittsburgh I made my first visit to Alli Baba last night.

I must say I was very impressed.  The dinner menu includes around 10 entrees and 15 "a la carte" items.  Everything I sampled of my friends was very tasty, well seasoned and very satisfying.  The hummus, baba ghanooj, salads and soups were all obviously made in house, not too garlicky but had a good punch of acidity that I often miss in this type of fare.

If I was closer to Oakland I would frequent this place for lunch.  I feel like it is similar in quality to Istanbul for lunch, but crushes Istanbul's Larryville location for dinner, without question.

Beer only, Wine is BYOB without a corkage from what I could tell.

Lastly, @ Jenny.  I also had the Moussaka.  It was very tasty, and if you think something like this (or lasagna, souffle, etc) is not going to be reheated from a big platter they made earlier that day... you're fooling yourself.
Really good kabobs. The minced meat is spiced well and very good. The chicken was delicious also. The wait time is long and they do tell you however it is worth it. And the rice is sooooooo good. I'm a fan of this place!
Very good, fresh, cheap falafel, open late, and grilled to perfection. Good bean options.
Their chicken is savory and the hummus is yummy. I also recommend the tabouleh, and basmatti rice. If you like garlic you'll love their garlic spread over the pita.

This is one of my favorite places when I don't feel like cooking. It's a little pricy for fast food but their meal portions are very generous and can easily be shared. The parking is very inconvenient during the lunch and dinner rushes.
This place is just plain good and convenient.
In the midst of fast food places and overpriced bar food on Mass Ave in this area... I'm glad Central has this place to run to. Instead of going for some junk food when you're hunger overwhelms you at night.. head to the falafel palace! 
I personally love the Baba Ghanouj (Eggplant) Sandwich and Lamb Shawarma Plate. The rice pilaf and tahini sauce is easy to any tastebuds. Flavorful. I usually toss the side of syrian bread though. It's sort of tasteless and useless. Whenever I go and see the fresh cut watermelon and pineapple slices packaged up.. I grab it also. It's fresh.
I always bump into a friend or neighborhood person here.. in a run or grabbing lunch during their break. Lines move quick and seats open up left and right in this tiny joint.
It's time for me to add my praises for East Side Pocket. I currently am pleasantly full after eating only half of one of their falafel pockets, with all the fixings.  It took me a while to try the falafels but now I can't get myself to order anything else.  It also took me awhile to try out the hots on the wraps, but I put my faith in the men behind the counter once and have not turned back.  The spiciness of the hot peppers and sauce combines well with the creaminess of the hummus, so that I'm left with just the right kick. 

Besides the food being delicious and the prices being great ($5-7 for a wrap), the service is friendly and efficient.  Even with a long line, which it almost always has, I can still get out of there, wrap in hand, in under 10 minutes.
Just about perfect.  Great food, reasonable prices, friendly staff.  What more could you ask for? Better parking.
Food: GREAT
Authentic: ABSOLUTELY
Service: Decent.
 
If you want home made and authentic this is the place. The shawarma, the hummus, The Harissa(hot sauce), the thin authentic pita bread, the tatziki sauce(middle eastern is different than Greek versions mind you), the garlic sauce. ALL good. The price is fair. Specials everyday. LOTS of veggie options at this place.  Just know this is a casual hole in the wall environment... just my kind of place.. might not be yours. But I LOVE it.
This place is delicious. I've never had a bad meal here. I live in the suburbs and when I want Turkish food, this is the place. It is casual and they have outdoor seating. The fresh baked pitas are amazing.

Hands down, if you like Mediterranean food, you must eat here.
OH MY GOD...

OH. MY. GOD!!!

The spicy sauceeeee, the tenderness of the meat, the flavorful hummus...

Sweet Baby Jesus.
Bella Pita is delicious!

Bella Pita is one of the few late-night options after a night of drinking in Westwood. It can get pretty crowded after the bars close, but it's worth it. 

My personal favorite is the lamb pita or if you're friendly you can convince them to make you a "lamb wowshi" (which isn't on the menu).

my only complaint is that the food is a little pricey for the amount you're receiving.

Other than that, I highly recommend it, your taste buds wont be disappointed!
A lunchtime favorite. The shwarma and Greek Salad are awesome.
Very conveniently located to my work. They have great lunch specials.  I always get the steak shish kabob. They give you a mountain of rice, side salad, and serve you pickles, and pita bread with your meaI. I find it to be a real lunch deal for $6.95. The service is good, but a bit slow. Make sure you have plenty of time and are not in a rush when you come here.
i love this place, it's delicious! the hummus is sooo good!
order a chicken kabob plate, it's the best.   doesn't get the 4 stars only because it's a bit pricey for the actual servings of rice and hummus but helps if you are on a diet.  :) mmmm
They have real arabian coffee, the thick stuff, fun to try. They also have a great selection of teas. The dishes are only so-so to not-so-great. Good for sipping and studying.
Ali Baba is a good default place if you want to grab some lunch and you're around Carnegie Mellon University.  The typical lunch hour can be quite busy, so if you can neither go here a little early (11:30ish) or a little later (12:30ish) that is probably the best.  Ideally, this restaurant can best seat and service you the quickest if your party is 2 or less.  

The menu is pretty consistent and you'll find some familiar items on typical Mediterranean cuisines, such as hummus, babaganoosh, dolmas, gyros, tabouleh.  You'll discover that the menu is a mixture of different cuisines.  Like most Pittsburgh places, authenticity is not always right on the dot, but it is not a bad menu.  For example, the lamb cheeseburger.  I'm not particularly floored by the food, but it is a satisfying meal.  

Since I'm such a soup person, I do really like their spinach and lentil soup.  I typically have a bowl of the soup with a cheese pie and I'm full.  The bill ends up being less than $7.  What a deal!  

Service can be a little slow, so be prepared to be patient.
For a gyro on/near campus, this is a good place to go. The price of a gyro combo was very affordable and eating it didn't make feel like I wasted a good $6 or so. We all know how college kids are stingy, so if you're up for some middle eastern type food, this is pretty awesome.
Great food! Great service! Great prices!
Thank you Yelp! This place got some really good kabobs. I know they are known for their chicken but their kabob combos along with their hummus and bread is much better. They are also open kind of late too which is bonus. Prices are really reasonable. check it out!
The first time I went here, I ordered a falafal.  I wasn't too impressed, but that's because I have a lot of other good falafals to compare it too - from the middle east and other countries, lunch trucks, Maoz, etc.  It was good I thought, but not enough to choose over some other options.

Tonight, however, I tried the falafal platter.  This, is turns out, is the real gem of the place.  There is a huge variety of foods that you'll receive with a platter, since you can choose two sides, a pita, hummus, rice or fries, pickles, sauces, etc.  It cost about $8, which I consider fair for the amount and quality of food I got.  

The fries are really crisp shoe-string style and are really tasty.  Also noteworthy is the hummus, which is really good mixed with some of the hot sauce.  The fried eggplant is also really, really good.  I cook a lot, and don't think I could manage to cook eggplant that nicely. Overall, the food tastes not-very authentic, but it's still very nice.

Summary: Nice variety of sides for the platter.  The eggplant is surprisingly well executed.  Worth getting occasionally.
Damn this place is good!

My co-worker and I were strolling down Bancroft, super hungry from shopping (yeah, with what money?) and she suggested we stop here. Ding dang! I had the chicken shwarma. The meat was really flavorful and spiced just right. There was a lot of hummus on it, but I love hummus so that was a plus. I also got a side of tabuleh salad and it was pretty amazing. Not oily, super fresh, and crisp. Mmmmm! Though I'm a meat eater, I'm definitely goin' back for the veggie plate (that looked pretty good as well)...
The ginormous Super Falafel Wrap revives me after a grueling step session at RSF. The place itself isn't much to look at, but that hardly matters if you are a take-out sort of person. The falafel are delicious, and the chicken shawarma  (which I tried when they ran out of falafel) is excellent, too. The people have always been really polite -- no complaints about service.
Came here for a quick bite before seeing a movie across the street at the Rave. If you're set on coming here, be prepared for Penn students. You'll be tripping all over them. For a restaurant that is banking on the quality of its hummus, I was surprised that I wasn't blown away by the flavor. I feel like I've gotten better store bought hummus than what they were offering, however I do have to acknowledge that it could have been a bad batch. Seating is where this place goes from a quaint neighborhood spot to a somewhat tedious adventure in cobbling chairs together. However, the salmon was very good as was the salad that came with it. Overall, not bad if you are looking for something quick in the area.
What I like about turkish restaurants you can get many dishes to eat and most dishes range from the 4 dollar range. It kinda reminds me of tapas where everything is small and you can pass around. The Çoban Salata (shepherd salad) Is ok, just reminds me of a regular medditeranean salad. Its good but nothing out the ordinary. The tabuli is pretty good I like how they add alot of mint green onions and dill to it. The red lentil soup was good but like it better at turquise grill. they had this yogurt dill dip that was really good to. all these little dishes is fun to get and adds up to a meal. The fresh baked bread they give you is really delicious to. The parking is a pain especially around dinner. alot of runners in this area as well as ahopping and restaurants. Very trendy area. Its not my most favorite place but it does have good food. the restaurant is kinda small but they bring out the food quick.
Best falafels EVER. I've never eaten something here that I didn't love.

Great service. They keep the line moving and make sure to remember you if you keep coming back.
I went here with my friend cause he said its the best gyro in the area.  But I'm sorry i didn't think it was.  Don't get me wrong it was a very solid good gyro but way to much tzatziki it just took over the gyro.
I was surprised to read the reviews and see how highly ppl rated this place. I guess they are mostly students which is expected since this place is located in MIT's student center. The food is not the worst that I had but it is not too far from that. They have a lot of room to improve. Their food will fill you up but you won't enjoy it much. What's even worse is that this place is probably one of the best places to eat in MIT's student center since they cater to MIT students and apparently have no incentive to improve their food.
Nice lamb shawarma- a little light on lamb and heavy on the lettuce but a great combination of the aromatic marinated meat, tahini and pita wrap put it over the top. I did not try the falafel. Good price and nice overall portion size as well.
Consistently delicious.
Also, they're pushing this new payment method, LevelUp, that works at a bunch of places in Boston. It's a mobile-enabled version of the old coffee loyalty cards (the "buy 10, get one free" type).
I have to say, I'm totally sold. You can pay with your phone, it sends a receipt to your email. It's pretty impressive. Feel free to use my sign-up code 25343 and we both get $5. Better than what you can get signing up your own. Pretty sweet.
Great pita bread, fresh toppings. Delicious!
Do not scare away by the outlook of the restaurant, it is actually very good.
I have friends strong recommending this place, so I decided to have a try. I ordered shawarma beef, and he ordered shawarma chicken, both are delicious. And the dish is big, I was so full.

A tip to mention is the tea. I love it after the first sip. It has similar flavor of ginger tea with black sugar, recommend!
Some of the best lamb gyros I have had.  I love the red cabbage on the gyros as well.  The yogurt dressing is awesome.  You can't go wrong with any of the kabobs either.  The service is great, and can make recommendations if you don't know what to get.  The food is all freshly prepared, and comes out fast and hot.  Fast food at its best.  I love dinning on the patio outside, or getting food to go and heading to the Gingerman for some beers.  I highly recommend this place.
How does this place stay in business?  Why do people continue to support it?  Make like a 1980's anti-drug campaign and "Just say no."
Great shows upstairs and downstairs.  Bring ear plugs!
Nastiness on a plate. I tried several things there: two types of wraps (mine and a friend's), their hummus and some sweets. The only thing that was really any good was the baklava which would be hard to mess up. Even it wasn't spectacular, it was just okay. I went once and won't be going again!
(exasperated sigh).

I want to like this place, I really do.  Plenty of people I know like it.  Maybe it's cause I've lived in the middle east.  Maybe I'm a food snob.  Maybe I just don't like paying $10 for bland, oversauced chicken in limp pita bread and eating it in the most bland environment possible.  If you really must have something Mediterranean, go to a grocery store and buy some supplies.
I stopped in here for lunch.  I work in nearby Upland, and was bored enough to drive a few minutes over to Claremont.

So, somehow, I landed at King Wrap.  Not the greatest look inside, but the staff (owner's, I presume) were friendly enough to make up for it.

Considering that I am diametrically opposed to the slaughter of innocent vegetable plants for human consumption, I was compelled to order the gyro sandwich, which limited the damage to "native" vegetation.

Needless to say, the gyro was pretty good, although it failed to leave a lasting impression.  I wouldn't mind stopping by in the future, though, since it did hit the spot.
I think it's the quality of the service and friendliness that gets East Side Pockets such a high star rating. But for the food? No. I'd probably have to be wasted drunk to appreciate the food here. The falafel is sub-average, the chicken wasn't so much kabob as more grilled chicken. Average pocket place, I would easily do Cheep's in NYC any day.
If there was an option to buy more stars for this place I would buy an extra 75 of them because that's how tasty Hummus is!
I can repeat what people said here about the food and the place but I actually wanted to emphasize some thing from a point of view of a local to that food region.

While Hummus carries itself as a "Mediterranean" cuisine it's actually Middle Eastern, meaning Israeli and Arabic, the owners are Israeli and Arabic so it kinda explains it. 
I'm from Israel so believe me (if you will) that this place is like somebody took a typical Israeli fast food restaurant from Tel-Aviv and teleported it to University City. 

Hummus: unlike Greek hummus which is chunky and dry, Israeli hummus is more pasty because it contains more olive oil, some tahini and the hummus grains are crushed more.

Tahini: their tahini, as well as their hummus is home made so they do it with their own recipe and comparing to other places, even Israeli. The tahini has chives which is refreshing.

Shawarma: you need to understand that a real shawarma is made of layers and layers of meat put together and then shaved off to get to your platter. Unlike Greek or Turkish doner kebap, the chicken or beef/lamb (not found in this restaurant) is juicier and retains more flavor.

Falafel: This I can't talk about cause I'm a meat person but I will update you guys :)

The ambiance is awesome with nice music and soft lighting.
Cheap, fast, and tasty.  As others have said the parking is terrible, but the food is really good for a quick bit to eat.
Cheaper than Masala Bay, with quality to match.
This was my very first Zankou experience.  My my my...little did I know such a place existed...well such a place existed in so many locations.  One beautiful hot Pasadena day, a co worker and I dediced to stroll down Colorado....a few blocks..in heels...sniff sniff..to this oasis.  

I was introduced to the garlic sauce...warm pitas, tender chicken, and gaaarlik!  Yum.  It was awfully pleasant.  I could put this place out of business.  ;)
Great Mediterranean  food, fast service. My only complaint is the wonky weekend hours, and they close at 7Pm on weekdays which means sometimes I cannot make it there in time for dinner.
The restaurant itself is small place, with a bad lighting. Looks like an old and unloved place by its owner. The owner usually has an attitude towards the customers! He's angry and look fiercely in your eyes, as if you shouldn't be there to taste his cooking! It is not irritating though, I feel it's more funny and something to laugh at with friends! 
It's a one man show by the way, he is the cook and the counter-holder. Works almost like a fast food, except for the fact  that it is not fast! 

Now the food itself. I've had Shawerma here, as well as Falafel and some other stuff which I can't remember their names. By far, the meal you want to order in this restaurant is the Shawerma. Having said that, I prefer the Gyros from "Zorba's" which is just 2 minutes walking south of this place. They are more tender and juicy, and the bread in their Gyro is much better.
Not sure I understand how this place is rated so high. It is fast, and it is cheap...

The food is kind of mediocre. We tried the lamb kebab and falafel wrap, in addition to the baklava (don't try the baklava). I've eaten a lot of Mediterranean food in Boston and New York, and this place doesn't compare. In fact, of the 15 or so Mediterranean restaurants I've been to, this may have been the worst food (even if it was fastest and close to the cheapest).
Excellent place for a quick, cheap lunch.  Menu is full of cheap eats, and healthful fare can be found here too!  I've twice had  lunch there for two for under $15.  The lentil soup and tabbouleh salad are great.  In and out in 30-45 mins easy.  Tight seating, though... most tables are for two.
After my very disapointing trip to the arcade I went to thayer to revisit my after babyhead spot for drunk eats. This place is like that security blanket its always there for you.
I had my old fav chicken kabob and it brought back so many amazing memories.)
I also love seeing all the same people behind the counter.
I love it there!  The coffee is delicious!  The crepes are epic.  The hummus can use work, but it's good too.  I love the paintings and the gorgeous set up (it's a former mosque I believe).  Gotta try it at least.
Inexpensive, ppl very friendly, extensive drink menu, parking is typical of Oakland; sitting on the floor gets old after awhile.
NOOMMMM chicken tarna with an abundance of garlic sauce. I don't have the patience to wait for a kabob so I've never had one.... but man these chicken tarna. . tender perfectly marinated chicken slices,wrapped in toasty warm pita bread with tomato and garlic sauce hit the spot perfectly... it's probably cheaper if you order a whole chicken and get all the sides to make your own tarna, but once again I'm a lazy schmuck so I pay extra for it to be done for me. :/ 

Anyhow, 3 stars cos the parking lot is awkward and the cashier is really really really annoying and stuck up-- not to mention the other chicks are superduper flirtatious if  you're a guy in a suit:)
My husband and I have been curious about this place for a long time and thought it was about time to put this curiosity to rest. Thinking that lunch is a cheap way to try a new place without spending much, we went.

We were the only people in the place, which should say a lot, but whatever. The decor is a bit strange, but no worse than a lot of other places. The service was okay, but nothing of redeeming quality. We can at least say that we got a refill on our soft drinks.

I shared a hummus with my husband as a starter. It was not good and they  do not provide enough bread to cover both the starter and the meal. We could not put our finger on why we hated the hummus as much as we did, but can definitely say that we did not enjoy it.

I ordered the chicken kabob lunch special (thigh meat, not ground chicken), which came with rice, a roasted roma tomato, and a soup or salad. I went with the lentil soup. Overall, the dish was bland. The rice had no flavorings of any kind. The chicken was not too dry, but I did not think it was seasoned well. The soup was uneventful as well.

Overall, despite the specials, this place is overpriced and underwhelming. I wish I cold stop burping up the "flavors" of this place. We will not be back.
The falafel sandwhiches were pretty good. However, it's not very clean looking. Also, they include some pretty oily looking sweet potato chips that most customers were optioning to to eat and were being tossed out .
A group of my new classmates and I completely took up all the space in this little cafe, they seat maybe 15-20 people tops. I got a falafel, it was HUGE but the falafels were cold :( Other than that it  was great, and you can't beat the price. With a bottle of soda, my total came up to something like $7.

I also love their myspace website - they list the hours, menu with prices and etc. All extremely useful.
I really wanted to like this place.  But it's just not good. The chicken is over-cooked and chewy, the salads are warm and wilted, and nothing has much taste.
I could write a book about the experiences I've had here.  Some great, some really bad.

Most memorable:  going to see the Lunachicks, and getting cruised by Becky Wreck, while peeing in the Bathroom.  What's a Golden Shower?

I honestly didn't know, back then.

I used to have the hook-up, from a friend who lived with the booker, to my cousin who bar tended, to friends who ran the door.  I've seen hundreds of shows there, and God Bless Them for still booking great acts at reasonable prices.

Best Shows:  Bettie Serveert
                         Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
                         Modern Lovers
                         English Beat
                         Mighty Mighty Bosstones (many times, but they were my
neighbors) 
                         The Breeders
                         Pixies
                         Del Fuegos, Undertones, the Neats

God, I could go on forever....

The worst:  the lame-os who played Neil Diamond covers one night Upstairs.  They weren't bad musicians, but Neil Diamond?

Best Thing on the Menu:  MiddleEastern Salad, with chicken.  Yum!
Sadly, I was underwhelmed.

Granted, I'm not the biggest fan of chicken on the bone. Yet I enjoy Roscoe's and Koo Koo Roo, and the most f'ing awesome chicken on the PLANET, Nelson's Golden Glow, which I can only get back home in Indiana on a hot summer's day if I happen to drive by exactly the right place at exactly the right time. *sigh* But I digress.

I ordered the half chicken plate to go. It smelled really good on the way home, but then when I opened up the box, the skin was sort of people-y looking. I peeled it off to the best of my abilities and started in on the white meat, which was dry, to say the least. This may be the first time I've ever preferred dark meat (at least when it comes to chicken and not men.)

I am crazy for garlic, but I thought the garlic paste had a strange, salty flavor. Quite frankly, the lingering taste in my mouth isn't making me or my tongue so happy right now, to say nothing of how my stomach feels. *blergh*

The hummus...meh. I've had better from Trader Joe's.

I'm willing to maybe come back to try a tarna plate or a wrap to see if that improves the experience, but I think this may be one of those places about which I'll just agree to disagree with everyone else.

*****UPDATE: 8/27/2007*****
After reading Sofia M.'s review, I realized I should update this. I tried Zankou TWO MORE TIMES. It was still ass. Even the tarna plate, which looked like a cat had eaten a whole chicken and then barfed it back up. Zankou no es bueno.
Ok. A 2 star rating is not so much that I hate this place, but its for a certain experience I had here. I think the food is decent, especially the "Rana Middle Eastern" menu. This is probably my favorite pizza of the myriad Lancaster Ave pizza places, and the Ed's sauce wings do taste good.

So let me explain the rating, and why I don't come here any more: the last time I ate the wings here, I got delivery. I broke into my food and began eating. I got to my 3rd or 4th wing and I looked at it. It looked a bit off, like something was amiss. I looked more closely, and fried into the wing was a fly. It has soured the restaurant for me.
The lamb was exceptionally good and the garlic and hummus are equally as tasty as Zankou's, however, Saca's garlic is creamier.  The chicken, unfortunately, is dry.  Didn't try the falafels or the doma, and I guess I should have after reading everyone else's reviews.  Service was good and the place is clean.  Prices are decent overall.

However, what dings it down to three stars was the ambience and the styrofoam plates.  There was no real character to the restaurant and my first impression was it was a step up from Daphne's.  And if I'm going to eat Mediterranean cuisine, it shouldn't be served on styrofoam.  I know what to expect when you order your food at the counter, but really... they can also be eco-friendly too.
I had some sort of chicken wrap and it was pretty yummy. Yummy without that feeling that you're going to clog up your arteries, which is always good. The chicken was a bit dry and a little too salty though. But it was my first time there, maybe next time will be better?
Oh AFC - you have stolen my heart and my stomach! I shall order each item on your menu and then continue the cycle. It all looks so daringly delicious! Thanks for making my gyro fresh to order, for the smiles, and for no lunch hour small talk.
It's really not as bad as everyone makes it out to be.  I only get the falafel sandwich to go, and usually sometime after 1:30 or before noon, and I never have to wait more than 5 minutes or so.  

I see how it could get busy at times, since there's only one person working there.  A husband-and-wife team own the place.  She cooks and serves at the restaurant and takes care of the kids in the back, and he drives the food truck (the big yellow one).  

Like I said, I've only had the falafel sandwich, but it's good and cheap.

I don't think the place is as dirty as everyone says.  The Cambridge Restaurant Inspections are online (http://www.cambridgema.gov/inspectional/searchinspections.cfm), and they have fewer violations than most neighborhood pizza places.
I love the window, always if I am by myself or just walkin w/friends in the U district, I try and stop by to grab a bite to eat!

The sit down restaurant up the street on 50th is a great place to get a full meal, w/group of friends or a cozy dinner w/significant other!
I've gone to lunch here many times and really don't have any desire to keep going.  But, it's popular among my peers and I keep getting dragged back.  It's mediocre food - at least the vegetarian stuff - and it's not expensive or anything, but I certainly don't feel like I've gotten my money's worth when I'm done there.  I finally gave up on it and decided to renew my hunt for decent falafel in this town elsewhere.
I ordered a wrap to go on the way to school. Given all the great reviews of this place, my expectation was high.  I would have to say that I was disappointed. 

Truth is, I have been trying hard to find a place in LA as good as Sultana in the bay area.  Their wraps are freshly made and the bread is also grilled to be crispy.  Sultana knows how to make their wraps.  I haven't been able to find anything equivalent. 

The wrap in this place was just ok.  The meat didn't stand out and the bread was chewy and soggy. I wouldn't want to eat that again.  Maybe I will go back to try other stuff there.  If so many people have said good things about this place, I am willing to give it a second chance.
This place is another that's perfect to be located next to UW. Cheap good food was kind of a staple while I was going to UW and there are still a lot of great options right in the area!  This place offers a very small location, very friendly staff, and seriously tasty food!  I am a fan of the lamb and beef gyros here and sometimes I don't know if I should head here or the other Aladdin's (Aladdin's Gyro-cery, which I love).  Food's great and served up quick, with the small size facilitating in the decision to take away, often. If there's a big line out of Thai Tom, it's a good bet to just head next door to here and grab some falafel or a tasty gyro!
I would tend to think that lunch here is a bit different than a late night bite.  At a minimum, I would assume that they don't have stacks and stacks of premade falafel and shwarma wraps ready to go without prep for a busy crowd.

Or at least I hope they do - because the pre-made stuff is kind of bland.  By design they were dry - too little hummus and sauce - which is likely on purpose to prevent them from getting soggy while waiting for the 2 a.m. masses to arrive.  But when you are not hammered, and in the mood for a later snack - it just doesn't hit the spot.

Granted, it's better than the other late night options in the vicinity, notably HI-FI slop (er, pizza)

won't rush back - but then again, boring falafel is better than no falafel, so I might eat those words.
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! These -filled to the top- falafel wraps are amazing. No where makes they quite the same and quite as good. It amazes me that every time I go in here they know what I order and remember the specifics of my order...blows my mind. I've seen them remember other people's orders too! Great customer service and I will always go back here. They don't skimp on the wraps. They will stuff them with as much as you can handle. Don't be fooled though they are filling! The grape leaves are also amazing...
By far, the chicken is the best on their menu. Don't go for the pita sandwich and forget the wraps.  These are on the menu for people who want to eat and run.  No, to truly experience the greatness of Zankou's, you have to eat the chicken!

Any of the chicken plates are great.  But if you really want to experience how good the chicken is, order the chicken kebab plate.  It will take 15 minutes for your order, but once its ready ... ho oh man, the meat will melt in your mouth (well, after it cools down a bit).

And as always, the hummus, the pita bread and the garlic spread are signature favorites that no one can match!
I was in Providence for about 7 waking hours over the weekend and the one meal that I absolutely wouldn't leave town without was an East Side Pocket. It's not especially "authentic" but it's the best damn wrap on earth. Their grilled chicken is amazing - and the chicken falafel combo is the stuff of my wrapped-in-pita dreams.
This place has its pros and it HAS its cons. if u are hungry ~stay away~. becuz ur food is not makin an appearance for oh about an hour. it actually takes an hour to get food here. not exagg. (exaggerating). i think its cool to eat a gyro. im not stupid after all. but honestly sign me UP fo dat eggplant sandwich thats the bomb. if you want a good sandwich made fast dont come here but if you want a pretty good eggplant sadnwich in an hour come here. the people are ok i guess. lots of frats like it (good enough for me!). but i gotta say the service is a lil wonky.

BUT you can steal soda from the fridge whenever and sometimes they forget to charge u. which can b cool.

THTAS THE WORD AND THANKS FOR READING!
-Derek
A Friday night, my companion and I were on the way to a movie. However, I didn't have  dinner yet so Aladdin was recommended. As soon as I heard U-District, I was like dang, the parking is going to be a nightmare. Luckily, we got a spot just outside of the restaurant. I was very happy.

Obviously, it's not a fancy restaurant. But, it has it charm. This is definitely economical and authentic. The back corner, according to my companion, used to be a Hookah lounge. I personally didn't think it's the best seating area (it was awfully uncomfortable). But, the decoration on that corner was unique and colorful. 

We both had the combo gyro meal with beef and lamb. It was very good. The meat in the gyro was very tender and the curry flavor we really nice. We also had fries with feta cheese on top. However, the gyro was already large meal to me and I was not able to finish my fries. If you order fries, eat them first. Otherwise, it will not be tasty! Both of us probably paid $20 with tips.
Tom's Tabooley reminds me of Berkeley. Progressive, ethnic, and just very free-spirited. It is a good thing in Austin because California, as a whole, just sort of sucks. Tom is really passionate about what he does, and he has so much insight into our food systems. Plus, he "rolls his own... dolmas." Apparently, no one else does that around Austin.

The menu is precisely what you would expect out of a little spot like this: hummus, dolmas, falafel. But... EVERYTHING is cranked out from scratch. Hummus chickpeas are soaked, falafel is packed and fried fresh, dolmas are packed with extremely well-seasoned fillings.

Although flavors in the dips are extremely heavy, the sauces were so good that I just ate them on everything. The taratoor (tahini+LOTS of garlic) was smothered on some of my raisin bread. The tzaziki was eaten with everything from bread to bagels--the yogurt to aromatics ratio was spot on. All of you are probably wondering about the hummus. The hummus are thick, creamy, and very fresh tasting. The red pepper variation provides a touch of sweetness.

The highly-acclaimed dolmas? Moist, a touch oily, and just very clean tasting. The curry variation has a little kick. The rice just falls apart in your mouth, and the tart wrapping gives a real punch to the whole thing.

The falafel kicks your tail with the salt and parsley flavor, for good cause. Furthermore, the crispiness really lets you enjoy the fluffy, hearty interior.

TT has been around for a good amount of time, and it is time you get there and REALLY eat grub that hails from a little East of the States.
Algiers is perfect for a particular audience: those with leisure. Other reviewers are spot-on in asserting that this is not a place for "being-in-a-hurry"; it most certainly isn't. It is a place for a longer-term commitment--a couple hours, perhaps an evening. And herein lies its strength: one can sit, buried in books for a few hours, or deeply engaged in conversation, and not feel as if you're monopolizing valuable real-estate. There's none of the pressure, even, of other Boston/Cambridge coffeeshops, to move along so that other patrons can sit down for a while--there are two floors of seating, and the general vibe is one of relaxed enjoyment.

Though the exterior of the building--labelled "Brattle Theater"--looks barn-like, the interior of the building is cozy and beautiful, with an abundance of lovely aged wood, a spacious domed ceiling on the upper level, charming (if somewhat rickety--due, no doubt, to age) tables, intriguing artifacts (a houka, an ankh, a few tapestries, hand-painted maps of Morocco, an antique chandelier, arabic manuscripts, mosaiced mirrors, etc.), curious graffiti (at least in the women's bathroom) and unobtrusive music (often baroque classical, sometimes chant--never loud enough to interfere with conversation). The crowd is a range of ages, with a strong student (both grad and undergrad) component, as well as an international/European one--a quality identifiable by the many conversations that are in languages other than English. When it's busy, the place is filled, for the most part, with the buzz of conversation.

The food is quite good, as far as I've experienced it. I usually stick with the breakfast--which is, thank goodness, served all day and all night. For $7, you can get two eggs any style, served with a small portion of mixed salad with a lovely light vinaigrette, a choice of bacon, ham or sausage, and homemade pan-fried potato chunks (there's not really any better descriptor than "chunks", unfortunately). For .50, you can add cheese--I recommend the havarti. It's easily enough sustenance for a good 3-hour study session. The middle-eastern preparations are quite good, and the other dishes I've tried, such as the sandwiches, are tasty, though not extraordinary--but it would be silly to expect culinary daring from such a place. The teas are looseleaf, and you can customize them if you ask. The coffee and espresso (though I don't drink it myself) is supposed to be very good. The prices are higher than one might expect for coffee and tea--if you compare them to Au Bon Pain. Otherwise, they're very reasonable, especially for a privately-owned full-service restaurant, using loose-leaf tea and freshly ground coffee. A perk to sitting down for a pot of tea here is that you can have a basket of fresh pita wedges--great for nibbling.

One final note: Algiers is open until 11 p.m. during the week, and until midnight on the weekends. Unless, that is, the waitresses decide to close earlier--which happens occasionally. Service can sometimes drag, but the food comes out quickly once you order, and you can always pay downstairs, to avoid waiting for change and/or your server. I always tip a few dollars extra, as a kind of camping-out fee, regardless of the speediness (or lack thereof) of service...but that's just the former-coffeehouse server/barista in me. (I've since moved on to the semi-behemoth that is Legal Seafoods...which is a story for another day...)
By far one of the best places to eat in Westwood. Affordable and Delicious food as expected near a college.

The Wowshi is by far their most distinct dish, I recomend the Black Bean Wowshi. A Wowshi is a freshly baked pita with either some meat or beans inside. While the wowshi is undoubtedly fresh tasting and delicious, what makes Bella Pita something special is the fresh vegetables and sauces that you can stuff into the pita. Bella Pita's sauces are amazing and should be applied liberally. Wowshi's and fallafels  can be messy and Bella Pita unfortunately doesn't provide any plates. Grab napkins before you eat! 

Overall an excellent place to get delicious reasonably priced food in a pricey area.
no less than fantastic.
Worst service ever! My boyfriend and I went out at 9:30 on a semi-crowded Saturday night in Westwood and decided it would be fun to smoke some Hookah. There are two Hookah restaurants right across the street from each other on Broxton, and we chose Habibi for its ample outdoor seating and cool lounge-like vibe.  We both wanted to people watch, and since a whole row of seats and couches were open, we asked the hostess if we could sit next to each other, and of course move if the restaurant got busy. She said it was fine, but our waiter, before even welcoming us, rudely insisted that we move because we were preventing new business from coming in by making the tables look like they were taken.  We told the waiter we were guaranteed business, but the waiter wouldn't have it. Needless to say we left and will NOT be back again.
Delicious food. Cute little spot right on Penn's campus. I highly recommend!
i like hiding here. the coffee still tastes like coffee, the chocolate cake still tastes like chocolate cake.  i think they just added beer & wine which is great ,just don't order a whole bottle of wine. I don't think they lay down their bottles because all the wine I've had here tasted funny. if by chance you get to sit down stairs, take a peek in the storage closet, there's a picture of the Ayatollah hanging on the wall!
I hadn't been to Tallula's in about a year and a half, but in the past month I've been twice. I highly recommend the hummus, baba ganoush, the lentil soup. The other items on the vegetarian mezze are pretty good, and I am a glutton for the free bread. It's especially nice to eat there when it's not too crowded.
PKG was my A2 go-to spot for the Middle-E fix. Not only is their chicken shawarma very good (I prefer it without fries, though my friend has told me that shawarmas are frequently served with fries inside in both Syria and Egypt--so much for my ignorant knocks on their [in]authenticity!) but they offer a particular vegetarian pita sandwich that I've never seen anywhere else: the cauliflower-based Makalee Pita. Sooooo good! I would recommend it to anyone wanting a change from the normal Shawarma. It's one of my favorite ME sandwiches of all time, and as far as I know, it's unique to PKG (at least in this area). 

The owner is a friendly guy who also has some sort of affiliation with Dollar Bill Printing, as I bought a coursepack from him and a shawarma from him in the same day once, several years ago. The space is too small, especially the space between the counter and the door so that there's not really a good place to park yourself if you're getting take-out food. But for $4-5/sandwich, you really can't go wrong (unless you order the grape-leaf pita, which I would advise against). 

This is the place I return to, again and again. It's an A2 fixture.
Samir, the man behind the name, is so incredibly nice and completely made my day!  I came in and was greeted right away and told to take my time looking over the menu.  I placed an order for a falafel sandwich and a lamb shish kebab sandwich.  He proceeds to cook them himself and everything is freshly made to order on the grill.  I had one of the nicest chats with him too when I was waiting for my food.  He said he's been at this restaurant since he was 17 years old.  

And the food was delicious!  The lamb was perfectly seasoned and so juicy.  The veggies were fresh, the lettuce crisp and the pita warm and chewy.  The falafel was crispy on the outside but I wished it was more tender inside.  Still, so satisfying and such a great deal.  I think it was a total of $9 for both.  Awesome neighborhood spot for Lebanese food.
Let me break this review down in the simplest way possible...

You can pay $5 or $6 at Hooda's halal cart near Columbia University's main campus and get a delicious, filling and cheap meal.  It's from a cart, yes, but it is very tasty and I have yet to get seriously ill from eating from a food cart.  It won't change your life, but the low prices keep me coming back for more.

Or, you can pay two to three times the price of Hooda and opt instead for Falafel on Broadway's mediocre, but still fairly tasty food.
My main qualm with Falafel on Broadway is that as I've mentioned, the food is considerably more expensive than the nearby food carts.  And secondly, whether it's falafel or gyro, each of their sandwiches that I've eaten have been very dry and in desperate need of more tahini or tzatziki sauces, respectively.  Lastly, the guys who work here always seem to talk to me in a weirdly condescending manner.  Maybe I'm being too sensitive, though...

Anyway, there's nothing special about this place.  It's just so-so.  The food is 'eh', and the prices are always over-priced.
Zankou. Zankou. What happened to you?

I used to rave about their chicken but tonight they seriously disappointed me. Ordered a whole chicken to go with salad and a large garlic sauce. Noticed the price has now increased to $9.99 per chicken. Got home, anxious for a quick easy family meal of garlicky chicken, open the bag and....what is this? Pieces of chicken, hacked up. Some burnt bits and some flabby skin?!?!?! Not the WHOLE chicken that I ordered. Where is the Zankou we used to crave...juicy chicken with crisp, salty skin?! Not here. This was kinda gross, looked like remnants of previously cut up chickens. Really disappointed. Called the manager to "voice my concern". Was simply offered, "You can bring it back and we'll give you a new one". Umm...no thanks, my family is waiting for dinner now. 

Well..at least the garlic sauce is still the best. Next time I'll roast my own chicken and just buy the garlic sauce.
Oh, my darling Bella Pita.  I have nothing but love for this place.  It's pretty easy to find good falafel in LA, but I have never had anything so mind-blowingly amazing as this place.  

Lets start from the top:
-Their pita is warmed to order (and in the case of the wowshis, made to order I believe), and has a hint of sourdough.  It's perfectly chewy, and is likely one of the best pitas I have ever had.  
-Their falafel pita is my staple here.  Their falafel is made-to-order, and put in the fryer with this little scoop thing, which makes perfectly shaped falafel every time.  They cook it just the right amount of time it takes to get the outside perfectly crispy, while keeping the inside nice and soft.  Delish.  
-Their hot sauces!!!!  My South Asian tastebuds haven't been challenged by too much that claims to be "spicy."   However, with enough of the very hot sauce (and I slather that stuff on) my eyes start watering.  It's absolutely delicious, and if they could bottle that stuff up and sell it, I'd be first in line to buy it. 
-The other sauces - Also delicious, but as I said before, I put too much hot sauce to really taste the other stuff as much. But their hummus deserves a special shout out for being some of the most perfect and creamy hummus ever. 

Oh, and if you aren't hungry enough for some of their heftier pita sandwiches, then I highly suggest just getting a side salad in a pita.  They'll warm up a pita for you, and you can go to town on the salad bar.  It's a great deal, too, at something like 3.50. I have been yelled at a couple times for stuffing my pita too much, but...um...oh well.  It's too delicious not to. 

One final warning:  It's really small inside, and the location only has four stools and a narrow counter to sit at.  If you're coming with people, I highly suggest you wrap your pita in the extra wax paper they have on the side (considering how messy it can get), brown bag it, and find a place to eat this afterward. 

Overall, their food is phenomenal, and every single person I have introduced to this place has become obsessed.  Seriously. Also, it's open till two am every night! (YAY drunk food!) 

 So basically, the moral of the story is that Bella Pita rocks my socks.  And it can rock yours too, if you give it the chance.
I get food from here a lot. IT's always good and they do falafel right.
They have so many different kinds of condiments and sauces.
I wish it were slightly cheaper for the portion in my opinion.

Parking is troublesome because street parking is hard to find; however, there is a lot right next door. I thought it was free but it ended up being 
$3! I was parked for maybe 5 minutes! grr.

Anyway, falafel done right and fast.
Sat us next to the women's bathroom. Was lovely to listen to the patrons do their business and flush while enjoying our tea and coffee. 

The tea was quite delicious though, and the architecture was very nice. I liked the open circle balcony hole woodyness.
Great food at a great price. I frequented this place when I was a student at UCLA. You get a lot for what you pay for. The food is fresh, and you can watch them make it as you wait. The pita bread has great texture, and is definitely one of my favorites. This is mostly a take out place though, as there is only room for about 4-5 people to sit down at a time. The service is quick and friendly.
This is my default go to place when it comes to getting food locally here in Pasadena.  Super affordable, high quality, fresh food which is... AMAZINGLY fast.  

One quick story about one of my experiences there... I always knew that they placed a premium on getting their quality food out quickly but just to put into perspective on how quickly... One time i ordered there, i ordered my standard (Beef kabob plate) and i paid with credit card.  I noticed that the food arrived slightly after the receipt came out from the printer, and the owner was noticeably agitated and kind of yelled something back in a foreign language to the staff.  Awesome.  

my recommendation is the Beef Kabob plate.  2 skewers of seasoned beef, Rice, salad, hummus, truly hot sauce and the most amazing garlic spread.     enjoy!
Wanted a vegetarian hot lunch on a cold rainy day.  

My BF & I both ordered falafel-based plates so I cannot review the meat dishes.  The falafel was tasty, crunchy on the outside, and fresh.  The babaghanooj was wonderful with chunky eggplant... melted i my mouth.  The hummus & cucumber sauce were also wonderful.  The other thing I got with my veggie combo were the stuffed grape leaves.  Delicious.

If you were thinking about going to Daphne's, don't.  The flavors of the food outshine that Greek chain.

FAST, and very friendly.  They have a covered, outdoor area to sit that accommodates a lot of people, and a smaller indoor area that seat 18 people, and a "bar" area that seats about 7 more.
I got the falafel pita with hummus.  The falafel itself was fine, not the best I've ever had, but not particularly bad either.  But since when do you put pickles in a falafel pita??  Also, there was something off about the pita itself.  I don't know if it was a little stale or what, but it was unpleasantly chewy/tough.  All these imperfect ingredients didn't come together to make anything special.

On the positive side, if I remember correctly, they took my card, which was really nice and honestly unexpected in a place so small.  The employees were nice too.  The food is just lacking, unfortunately.
My roommates and I went for dessert and coffee. The place is very cute with a great atmosphere. When you walk in the front door and look up, there is a really cool round mirrored ceiling. You can sit and drink tea or coffee and chat. 

The wait staff was friendly but way short handed. It took about four tries to get someone to take our order, but once they took the order they were attentive and friendly. 

I got the chocolate cake and the earl grey tea. I highly recommend getting the tea. It comes in a cute little tea pot and the tea leaves are free and bagless. They give you a little strainer to strain the leaves out of your tea. It is really yummy. I also really liked the cake although it may have been sitting out for a while and was a little dry, but really all around not that bad. 

One of my roommates got the crepes and the other got Beabousa. The Beabousa was basically a cake drenched in honey, lemon and rose flavor. I am not a fan of sogginess when it comes to pastries, but one bite of this was ok. I don't think I could have eaten the whole thing. The crepes were not very good, they were cold and the fillings (chocolate and strawberries) were also not very good. 

I would like to return to have a dinner. Looking around I could see many things that I would like to try. I shall return.
Inexpensive, good food, huge portions, very nice staff.

Highlights:

Hummus: creamy, deliciousness...not mealy, gritty, or dry like some other restaurant hummus.

Chicken Shwarma plate or sandwich: garlicky, flavorful...no odd parts/livery flavors present.

Chicken Tawook: is a breast of chicken sliced instead of kebab-chunks but it suffers nothing from not being cubed. The marinade is savory and leaves the meat nice and juicy.

Tabouli: no grit and hardly a stem to be found! Bravo! Simple, good parsley, onion, bulgar, and tomato - no funny stuff or extras. VERY satisfying.

Grape leaves: both the meat and the veggie version are quite good, not heavily spiced with cinnamon which is a BIG plus in my book. The leaves aren't tough or stringy either.

Lentil soup is quite good too.
I got to admit, my first time was not so great since I didn't know what to expect. But now when I go in there, I usually order the chicken or the beef, (Lamb is too chewy for my taste). Or I actually get their falafel which has a crunchy exterior with a veggie spiced interior. I did try their shwarma and didn't run by smoothly. Their chicken/beef works for me.

I haven't been there in a while since I get dorm food here. But if I remember correctly,  you get a choice of 2 different types of salad or 3 different types of rice. I usually get their rice. Then they put doubled fried potato chips that are thick and crunchy.  And the last 2 choices are the epitome of what makes this experience divine. Their plethora of choices ranging from humuses to yogurts to of course the tahini sauces. I must say, these last two choices could make or break your experience here. But to bring some assurance, they do offer samples of their palette. So rest assure, you will find a taste that'll bring you back to this place.

Remember to eat your meat with your sides together. They can get pretty dry with the chicken. But the beef is just right for me.

Service: Heart warming. They take care of you here. And once you come here a few times, they'll recognize you and won't be shy with their servings. (They usually add one more side which really seals the deal with me)

Bathroom: 1/5 Yep.
ive been here a few times on friday nights and had such a good time. the music is great and the crowd is interesting and cool. 

the only down fall is that it is very tiny, however i have never had to wait in line to get in or wait too much time to get a drink. which to me is astounding considering there is usually only one bartender when im there.

i hear that the food here is excellent as well, and i plan on trying it some time soon.
My parents used to reminisce about the King during their glory years at UCLA.  I won't be doing the same.  The interior looks frankly, a little dated and in need of a renovation.  But hey, at least I can imagine what it must have looked like to my parents because the interior probably hasn't changed much since the 1970's.  The falafel is fairly decent, though definitely not monarch-worthy, as it is a little heavy on the grease and a little too salty.  But surprisingly, the falafel isn't the greasiest thing on the menu--the potato chips are.  The thick-cut potato chips are fried to a consistency where some portions are crisp, and other parts are still fairly soft.  In any case, the chips have that distinct old oily taste, and you probably could ring enough grease from the chips to use it as a moisturizing salve.  The shwarma is the best item that I've had to date, and while the meat was a little chewy, it was at least flavorful, and stuffed full of veggies.
Have eaten here at least 3 times a month for a decade. Always great.
Across from the Middle East, and only open for breakfast and lunch, this is hands-down one of my favorite breakfast spots.  It will remind you of Berkeley, it's a bit crunch.  Great quality food without being greasy.  Skip the home fries (boring) but they serve wonderful grilled vegetables with all the meals.  My favorite is the feta and spinach omelette.  With a side of their special hot sauce (owners are from Jordan IIRC?), I'm good to go.

Coffee sucks, so get one from Toscanini's on Main St. or Dunkin D's on Mass Ave before you stop in.  They've never minded in the years I've been going there.

Oh, and it's inexpensive, too.
I get an avocado falafel sandwich once a week. 

Their falafels are awesome here. They individually wrap each part of the pita that is full of yummy fried bean balls, tahini, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and a bit of tabbouleh. Add some cock sauce and it's so good. I have only had this to go, and I bet it's even better eaten right away. I've had a pistachio baklava here and that's good too. 

Why not 5 stars? The lady at the front is kind of a bitch. Very nonchalant, and a bit pissy. I've been here 6 times or so, and she has the same flippant attitude with each customer. Clearly it doesn't keep me away, though.

I came by here on a Monday night around 8:15, and they were closed. I'm not sure what time they usually close, as their hours are not advertised, but it doesn't seem as though they stay open until 9pm.
Don't expect a nod, a smile or perhaps even an acknowledgment from the counter staff...it doesn't work that way.  Their food really is fantastic, their service is really horrendous,  forget the decor/atmosphere, order your food and get in and get out as fast as possible.  I even call ahead so that I don't have to wait in line too long...in the summer, the cramped space can be a bit overwhelming.  I love the super combo platter - has some of everything and is only $7..  Only thing to watch for is the shawarma can get grizzly down at the bottom...if you complain they will cut you some new meat.
Ok ok...I have to admit I was a bit hasty.  

I've become addicted to their sandwiches.  My faves are the chicken schwarma and Megan's falafel (falafel with fries and HOT SAUCE baby).  On the lighter side, the fattoush with baba is tres' nom. 

When I want to grab a quick lunch during the week, this is my go to place.
Some of the meat was hard to chew and the taste fo the food was just OK. The location is great though!
Staff recommended the Chicken Shawarma as the juiciest meat, but it was pieces of dry, overcooked chicken.  Not that flavourful.  Wouldn't want it again.  

Roast eggplant is still yummy.  Beet salad is solid, as is the hummus, pita & rice.  I'd be willing to come back for the Chicken kabob, hoping it's still good.
The Middle East always has something going on.  

In one night alone, you can enjoy a meal at the restaurant, get stuck talking to an independent (unsigned) "musician" about how he can't ever work for the man again (even though he has a desk job downtown- "but I meant corporate!"), see great live music upstairs and then end up chatting with the bartenders until they kick you out.

To break it down:

Music: 4-5 Stars (every type of music passes through, usually good vibe)

Bar/Ambiance: 3-5 Stars (depends on the night, the crowd, the hipster to preppy ratio, how many boys' pants are tighter than my skinny jeans, how intoxicated the musicians are post show)

Food: 3-4 Stars (decent, good price)

I'd give it a go- especially if there's a show you'd like to check out.
If I could give this place one star, I would.

I came here at the end of August with a few other friends.  The service was paltry, the requisite of 1 Hookah per person is ridiculous, and the food is overpriced and leaves much to be desired.  The hookah is OK.  $4 for  Red Bull?  That's extortion.  When you sit there, you'll notice the Owner's super fancy cars parked right out front--evidence that you're overpaying!

Our bill came and it was MUCH higher than we expected; we sent it back to them to have them adjust the cost on some items because they charged us the wrong price!  Our waiter reluctantly adjusted the price.

Now here's the big kicker, 3 of us paid with our separate cards, and, shockingly, within a month, ALL THREE OF US has FRAUD on our cards!  Someone from Habibi's had STOLEN our card numbers and used them at Smart n Final and other places in Los Angeles.  We didn't connect the dots until one of us happened to bring it up and the only place the three of us had used our cards together was at Habibis in Los Angeles!  The amounts totaled near $2,000 between the three of us.

I would never return to this place because either their employees are stealing credit card numbers or their machines are not secure.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
İ dont like this restaurant because every time when i go there they charge me more. When i Told them it is wrong check they say sorry. Another problem is serving . And also waitress are so slot and some of them are very rude. Food is not bad but one day very Good the Other day not really.İ wont go there again
Very satisfying: authentic tastes, fast friendly service, and a great atmosphere. Stay for dessert and get the rice pudding and a hot tea.
The spicy chicken schwarma plate...wow....love the garlic sauce....love the purple beet-like things....mmmm.....

Great for lunch...but super crowded from 12-1pm....
Awesome, delicious food and very friendly staff. 

My Bf and I get takeout here now and then and it is hands down our favorite Mediterranean place. Food is ALWAYS tasty (we usually get the lamb or falafel combo plates). It is usually pretty quick, and the combo plates are full and well rounded. Yummmmy. 

This place rocks!
Come here if you want a quick meal on the go for cheap. This is not a sit down place, but merely a place that makes good, fast, relatively healthy, cheap food. The wowshi pita here is very satisfying. I don't usually eat fast food but whenever I need some, I come here.

Highly recommended. I think they even take credit card. The owner is very nice and he takes the time to explain to you how everything works. They make it fresh right in front of you.
I went in this restaurant at random because I needed some dinner and it was the only thing that my friend could eat at (she has a lot of allergies). The vibe inside was interesting and it certainly WAS NOT a middle eastern place. It served food that was middle eastern-ish but nothing else reminded me of the middle east. 

Out of the 4+ staff working there, only one was really working and the place was PACKED. I felt really bad for the one guy and didn't make his tip suffer despite weak service.

The food was well priced and tasted good. I got a salad with chicken kabobs which was yummy. My friend got the lentil soup which was WAY more than she could eat. My other friend got the grape leaves and was impressed at how many they offered (8!). 

While I don't think I'd go again it wasn't a bust.
Just ehh for me.  Found this as the bf and I were milling about Providence this past weekend.  I ordered the chicken shwarma platter, where you could choose 2 of 5 options in addition to your chicken (tabbouli, babaganouj, hummus, french fries, and something I can't remember to spell).  The food comes out with a pita in a basket and then the chicken, along with pickles, banana peppers, tomatoes, lettuce and your choices.  It was just ok.  

The bf had the byblos salad. He said it was alright.  

Good value for money but nothing special.
I eat here almost everyday since my work is just minutes away. It is great for the price , the portion and the taste. A chicken shawarma, about $6, is the right amount to make me comfortably full. Sometimes I buy their chicken plates with the special rice (mixed with caramelized onion). It is absolutely amazing, but sadly it costs $10.
Sometimes, I would visit Moody's Falafel Palace after hanging out at the nearby Field Pub, which closes their kitchen early. I'd bring my friends too and they all liked this little falafel place. 
I recommend this place, there is no doubt about it.  
However, I do not recommend purchasing their gift card if you forgot bringing cash with you. The gift cards are very unreliable. I have lost 4 dollars using the gift card because it simply decided to show zero dollar balance while I still had 4 dollars on it.
The owner of this place is super friendly, gives me and my friends extras all the time. The Greek fries are amazing, as are the chicken shawarma sandwiches (the best variety of shawarma here I think, the gyros are good with lamb though).

Hummus is delicious as well, and the atmosphere is quiet and friendly. They just started using a new menu today, so I will have to go back and see what has changed.
OMG!!! Whenever I am in Pasadena I have to eat at this place. You get so much for the price you pay! I always get the chicken plate that comes with hummus, salad, pita and garlic spread! The garlic spread is unbelievably good! The only thing I can complain about is when they're closed and I am in the area!
Good lord how can bread be so good. I keep thinking about it and it makes my mouth water. I love all the kebabs. I would suggest the Istanbul Grill (mixed grill) so you can try a variety. Have a nice cold Efes Pilsen to wash it down.
I've been going to the Middle East since I was 17 - so back when it was still an all-ages venue.  Most of the times, the sound is great, the bands are solid, and the vibe is pretty low-key.  The occasional turd will try to sneak in and muck stuff up sometimes downstairs, but it ain't too common.  Anyway, after 11 years of going to shows, I finally decided to actually EAT at the MidEast earlier this month - and my only question now is WHY THE HELL DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG?!  Oh, Fallafel wrap, how i love you - and you only cost $4.50!  GLORIOUS!!
Falafel Corner is, in short, hit-or-miss.  I've had fantastic falafel and baba ganoush wraps here, and I've had really bad ones. Sometimes the falafel wraps are moist and delicious and bursting with flavor. Sometimes they are dry and hard to choke down, and other times they are completely overwhelmed by the pickles.  It really seems to depend on how the person assembling your wrap decides to do it.  

Also, if you really want a spinach pie, then these are good enough, but don't expect to be blown away. They're nothing special, assuming they haven't completely run out.  

It's also a little awkward ordering and waiting for your food.  There is a set of stairs right behind the door that you have to walk up to get to the postage stamp-sized floor space in front of the counter.  

In general, it's not expensive, it doesn't take too long, and sometimes it's delicious.  For a quick, tasty, low cost meal, I'll definitely come here again and again, but if I have the time and the money, I'll always be able to do better in this area.
The best vegetarian grilled veggie wrap EVER! I had 2 in one day---it was that good!
Clean. Seating okay.

Nothing special about this place. Can eat for $6. Chicken, tasteless hummus, shawerma, garlic spread rules.

Order at the counter. Takes about 5-10 minutes for food.
It's been awhile since I've been here...but bravely enough, I would definitely go back :) It's not a bad thing...but I think the food just didn't sit well with me the last time I went...God, I thought I got food poison!! However, the fact that I'm saying that I would go back after all that...says alot about this place. It's good Lebanese food...not that I've ever tried it before or can tell the difference of what is Lebanese food, but it's still pretty damn good. I always get the 1/4 chicken and 2 sides; grilled veggies and the potatoes...hmm...the potatoes are so good especially when they give you that mayonaise dip to go with it. Oh and the pita chips are to die for!  Parking is bad but it's worth circling around the block for till you find it. And last but not least, the name is great! Pita pita! You can't go wrong...
Zankou is so damn good! I was told by someone else that Soumarelo (see review) is way better. It is still up for debate. Did you read about all of their family tragedy? Something about who is going to take over with running the company since some of their founders are no longer around. It seems that recently the prices have gone through the roof!! On my last visit I was a little disappointed and began to leave. For a meal it is about $10 and that does not include a drink or some of the other good items they have. I have yet to taste falafels as good as theirs. They are kinda like hushpuppies,but........they are falafels. Always hot too! The last time I was there I got a little frustrated 'cause it seemed like the line was moving too slow. There was only one other person in line, but just a delay for some reason. I thought, 'Do I really want to pay that much?' and then I just said, 'Fuck this, I'm leavin'. As I turned to walk out I just so happen to glance over at some guy's plate who was sitting near the walkway. Man, that food looked soooooooo good and PLENTIFUL! I stopped in my tracks and got back in the line. I ordered the #8  or something. Whichever is the TRI-TIP beef shawerma plate. It took awhile for them to get it together. Still more waiting and frustration. Finally- my  order was up and ready to be devoured. It was soooooo good!! Even better than it looked. Like I said, the platter was about 10 bucks. You get a good serving of meat, hummus, pitas, "pickles", and some other stuff that I don't eat. It is way more convenient than Soumarelo, but more expensive. Their chicken is good. A little too delicate compared to the ROBUST and unforgettable flavor of the beef shawerma.
This is a review for the dining experience. I went here with two friends for what we hoped would be a nice mid-priced dinner out on the town and were sorely disappointed.

The spinach salad with gorgonzola, walnuts and beets ($8) consisted of beets from a can, mediocre cheese all swimming in a horrendous amount of straight balsamic vinegar (not vinaigrette as it indicates in the menu).

The two fish entrees (the salmon and the haddock) reminded us of OK diner food. the fish was over cooked and lying on a large mound of what tasted like Uncle Ben's box rice, and swimming in a sauce. This would have been alright if we were spending $10 at a diner, but they cost $23 and were advertised as "cuisine." 

The ZuZu PuPu platter ($23) was the only thing worth getting here, and even that's a stretch. As other yelpers have said, it is a lot of food, and some of the items are downright good (the spinach pies, the lamb skewers, the baba ghanoush) while other items are just meh or bad (the whipped garlic - they had no business making this look like a dip, the lentils), especially considering the price.

They asked us what we thought of the food and we told them about the salad, they brought us complementary baklava.  That  was very nice of them, except that it was the worst baklava I've ever had and I literally spit out my piece.

It's unfortunate that we heard many good reviews about this place, but I would never come here again for food. This is not "cuisine" by any stretch of the imagination, and misses the mark on all dishes.
Wow, maybe i just ordered the wrong thing but this place in my opinion is totally overrated.  I asked the workers what is a good choice since it's my first time.  So they told me to get tarna and the sherwana.  Taste was bleh, i've tasted tastier chicken and beef than this place.  Don't understand the big hype about the garlic spread, nothing special.  I wouldn't come back to this place just cause it's not my taste.
Not only is this place, halah but the meals are good! Service very friendly. Big plates. We order two plates for three pple and we had left overs! 

I would definitely suggest the beef or the lamb! Too good!
I love love love Saca's.  I remember taking myself here on the days I could afford to eat during college.  Ohh my mouth just waters for those falafel sammiches and french fries!  I went here a few weeks ago on a whirlwind tour of Claremont and ate here.  Good as ever.  And that baba ganouj just pust all other baba ganouj to shame.  I can't even eat other baba ganouj anymore.  mmmm pickled radishes and smooth as butter hummus and crispy falafel.
This place is phenominal. I went on this whole vegetarian binge last week and this is a perfect place to go. I havent tried their Fattoush yet but the Falafel and Baba Ganouj is amazing and only cost 5 dollars! I highly recommend going to this place.
My main issue with Aceituna is the "garlic sauce" that they put on their shawarma sandwiches.  As far as I can tell, it's glorified mayonnaise, and it doesn't really add anything.  Where's the tahini?  I will admit that the pickled turnips are kind of awesome.  Maybe I should branch out and try something different.  But the place is still really overpriced - if I really want Middle Eastern food, most days I'd rather go to the truck in the MIT parking lot a few blocks away for literally half the price.  It's not like you're paying extra for ambiance.

Their catering, however, is really, really, really good (well, everything's good when it's going on the corporate card, right?).  Occasionally we'll have them cater meetings in my office and we're always sure to overorder so there are plenty of leftovers.  The hummus, baba ghannoush, and tabbouleh are all wonderful scooped up in pita bread.  The Greek salad is awesome, with hunks of feta and olives and all the good stuff that is lacking in in so many others.  Their couscous salad and eggplant/tomato/chickpea concoction are also freakishly tasty.  Their kebabs are so tender and delicious.  And their baklava...oh my goodness.  It's extra sweet, which might be a dealbreaker for some people, but I say the more honey the better.  Yum.
Went to Middle East Downstairs. I friends, brothers, best friends band was playing so we went out to support them. There were several bands that night and the music got progressively better. A Red Sox game was also on so it was an added bonus of entertainment. The drinks were on the money!! I liked the underground atmosphere of Middle East Downstairs and it's a great venue for live music. The only downside was that it was not the cleanest place in the city, but I wasn't expecting it to be. I'd go back.

More than a year later: I said I'd go back and I did. This time, I had the pleasure of going to Middle East Upstairs. MEU is a smaller space than MED, but that also makes it more intimate between the performer and the audience. Again, cheap cover always a plus. There was free Rolling Rock on the night I went. I enjoy a free drink as much as the next girl, but I won't be drinking Rolling Rock again (not a reflection on the vendue BTW). I like the Middle East establishment because it's a great chance to hear local and unknown traveling artists that you will never hear if you only tune into the radio. I have yet to eat here, but food comes third to drinks & live entertainment anyways.
One of my few favorite restaurants in Seattle
As authentic as a place could get for this cuisine!
Located in a very small group of other restaurants, "Flame Chicken and Pita" is now called "Zada Kebab."

The staff was very helpful and friendly.  The service was pretty fast and the food came hot.

I ordered the lamb kebab and it was okay.  Not great, but definitely not terrible.  I am originally from England, and I am a bit spoiled when it comes to kebabs.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  Each pita sandwich comes with lettuce, tomato and hummus.  The hummus was pretty good, but they put too much of it inside the kebab.  It was quite overpowering.

The price was a little high, but not unreasonable.  Also, it was difficult to find parking in that area so, come prepared to wait for a spot.
Reviewing Mediterranean Cafe is like reviewing my own mother's cooking.   So consistently good for so long, yes she might have her off days here and there, but you know exactly what you're going to get and leave fully satisfied.  This place has been a staple for the working men and women of Pasadena for around 15 years, back even when it was only a humble food stand in the original Paseo shopping mall.   As for me, I've been a once or twice a week type of customer for almost 7 years now, and it still remains one of the best lunch options in all of Pasadena.   Its tough to add to almost 400 reviews of this place, but let me add a few tips for those who haven't yet tried this place out. 

1) My favorites are the beef and chicken kebabs (yes you can ask for one of each in a plate), lule kebabs (ground beef), and of course the chicken shawerma.   While I generally have the stock plates, at times I will ask for tabouli salad which pairs well with the ground beef kebabs.  Also, try mixing the garlic paste and red sauce into the hummus to make a nice spicy savory dip.   As well, you can ask for 'hot stuff' on the side which includes the pickled radish and sport peppers if you need an additional kick.

2) Service is super fast here and lines for lunch start getting busy around 11:45.  Its always best to have your order squared away beforehand since there will be many hungry customers waiting before and after you.  As for the parking lot?   I always try to get there around 11:30 to have a chance at a spot because it fills up quickly.

3) Portions are filling and for those who want a little less, may I recommend the wraps.   They have the same amount of meat as the plates, minus the rice of course, and include hummus and salad lining the pita.  The beef kebab wraps include a yummy yogurt cucumber sauce.    The chicken kebab wraps do not, so I make sure to ask for that extra.

Before Yelp was even around, I was recommending this spot to co-workers and friends who live in the SGV, and many of them have turned into loyal fans over the years just like myself.    As I often tell the father/son combo who own this place, the worst two weeks of the year come every July.   Those are the two weeks that Med Cafe is closed and I am forced to venture out to the Zankou's, Lebanese kitchen, and Soumarelo's of the world  to try and chase the same bang for your buck food I get each and every time I come here.    While I do like those spots and frequent them on occasion, Med Cafe is like coming home.  Really, one of the consistent local staples for this foodie in Pasadena.
Everybody in Claremont loves Saca's, because the food is great, it's cheap, and it's convenient.  Also, the people who run the place are very nice and the service is always fast and friendly.  I love their falafel sandwich and french fries, which is the only thing I ever get, but I hear from friends that the rest of the menu is good too.
I was blown away by how great this place is.  The service was fast, the staff was extremely organized and the food was gourmet.  Price is unbeatable.  There is no other place in RI like it.  I'm not even gonna go into details about the specifics of what I ordered because everything is down right great.  The wraps, falafel, and the baklava are the most popular choices. After going here I will never set foot into Andrea's again.
I looooove Mediterranean food and Istanbul is by far a favorite of mine! I am so glad to have found it, because it's somewhat of a hidden gem amongst all the bars in Rice Village. They have THE best pita bread - it's soft and warm and oh so delicious! I almost always get an order of hummus to start - mix that with the bread & it's the perfect way to start a meal! And then I stick with my tried and true favorite - the Gyro (Doner) Sandwich. It is the perfect combination of thinly shaved, perfectly marinated lamb/beef topped with delicious vegetables, including the best red cabbage and of course a flavorful tatziki-style yogurt sauce to pour on top. I admittedly have not sampled much else from the menu but a few times, because I love the Gyro Sandwich. But everything my friends and I have tried has been fabulous!! The service is usually very good - they are down to earth and kind. The only drawback I can think of is the parking - it's a tiny lot. But it's definitely worth the hassle! I go there every chance I get!!
Is there really anything for me to add to the long list of 5 star reviews for East Side Pockets?  This food is fresh, delicious, consistent and cheap.  The texture of the falafels is superb--never dry.  And the glorious harmony of sauces...nope, no news here.  Like the Thai Star Masaman Curry, this falafel sets the standard for all others.  For $5.07 + tax.
We came here and ordered the roasted chicken and the combo kebab platters. It took about 15 minutes for the kebabs to be ready, so for those of you in a hurry, do not order the kebabs.

The chicken is nothing special, however the garlic sauce that came with it is pretty good. The kebabs are good, but I have had better. I would probably come back for the garlic sauce.
We dropped by again last night and I just had to bump up my rating. This place has an awesome homey vibe that you don't get from many other places in the Village. Really, it feels as if you've just walked into someone's home, ready to eat a home-cooked meal. Plus, considering how soggy my Falafel Sandwich got last time, I made a request for a Falafel Wrap instead with less sauce and the owners were totally  happy to accommodate me. The boyfriend went with a Caesar Wrap this time and it took no more than 10 minutes for everything to be put together. Our total came out to about $13, so it wasn't the cheapest meal (that would be In-N-Out), but still pretty affordable. Not to mention, my wrap was absolutely delicious. The falafel was much more flavorful this time around, so hat's off to them!
I really like this place. I love that they have soup and I really love the Baklava it is the best I have had I asked if he made it and he said no they have somebody that they buy it from now I really wish I had asked who because I really need baklava. Hey fellow yelper's if you go in sometime soon please ask him the details on where I can get the baklava please!!!
Good food in an atmosphere with an interesting mix of business casual, clean hippy, and tattooed hipster. 

And hey! They validate your parking for two hours with a purchase of $10 or more. Just park in a lot/structure with an attendant (I park in the structure on Court and Williams), order your food, ask for the validation stamps, and lick those puppies onto the back of the parking ticket. 

They definitely can get busy during lunch hour but the staff is efficient and observant. I recommend sending in a 'representative' if you have a large group to put your name down on the list - the 'waiting area' is very small and generally populated by people waiting for to-go orders. Also, keep vigilant because other visitors tend to elbow in the 'line' (although the line is more like a mass of scattered hungry humans).

Portions are generous and reasonably priced as far as I'm concerned. Their falafel is incredibly filling and some of the best I've had anywhere in the US. Their chicken shwarma sandwich is equally delicious. The chicken is high quality marinated breast cooked to perfection. I get it with the fattoush veggies for some extra flavor and nutrients. 

Their hummus is more of the creamy Tahini-heavy variety than the lemon-chick pea-corriander-centered hummus. I prefer the latter but their hummus is still darn good. Lentil soup is good (make sure to squeeze in the lemon) and they have lots of Odwalla juices along with other tasty beverages. 

And good lord their pistachio baklava is so buttery and sweet and savory that I have a hard time not stuffing myself to the brim.

Their outside patio is nice in the summer, though a little noisy now that there is all that construction on 5th. Their indoor seating is bright and cozy.

Not the most traditional Mediterranean but really good quality, fresh ingredients that give you an hassle-free, filling, and healthful meal.
This is the best Lebanese food you'll find in the area. Their chicken shwarma is to die and its only $5 for a small and $8 for a large. I like their various salads too, a very unique dressing. My gf is crazy about this place.

The only thing I don't like is when you place an order, if they run out of a dish, they will substitute some other dish (could be completely different ingredients you don't like). I THINK THEY SHOULD GET YOUR PHONE NUMBER AND CALL YOU BACK AND ASK! THEY'VE DONE THIS A FEW TIMES NOW.
This place feels like San Francisco, not Brookline.  The egg dishes are hearty and delicious, the way breakfast should be.  A great place for a morning date.
Really good middle eastern.  Wraps are delicious, falafel is probably the best around this area.  The bright pink pickled turnips that go in the wraps are a nice touch. They have delicious hot sauce behind the counter in little cups that you can and should put on everything here, but you need to ask for it.  The vegetarian plate with stuffed grape leaves, falafel, hummus, tabbouleh, and greek salad seems to have mysterious restorative powers (hangover-wise) that science has not yet fully investigated.  Outdoor seating when the weather is nice, and sometimes the town has a couple of students playing music out there.  Heavy lunchtime rotation.
Great for take out middle eastern, since there are not very many places to sit down.  One star extra for the good prices.
Music can be hit or miss but points for being a very LGBTQ friendly scene.
Fresh falafels that melt in your mouth! some of the best wraps I've had in a long time.
It's very heart warming for me to see a place that isn't another new "concept" place. Brookline Lunch has been there a loooooong time. And it is now, what it was then plus some serious wear and tear. It's the middle eastern corner lunch spot that could. 

It's simple and seemingly healthy. It's warm and inviting in the completely honest way it doesn't hide it's years and it's hard working family run goodness.

Don't go if unmatched lumpy booth seats and slightly less than clean tables bother you. 

Do go if you are the kind of person who trys to find alternatives to Starbucks and CVS whenever you can - you will get it!
A Haiku:

Charlie's for dinner?
Burger and fries, again...?  No!
Falafel next door!
My friend at UCLA recommended this place to me, so I trekked over with three guys to try it.  It was a surprise to receive meat in a pita, and we got to make our own.  I ordered the lamb, which was REALLY good, and tossed it with all the toppings you can put on it.  The dressings are really amazing, too (I'm kind of scared to try to REALLY HOT SAUCE, and that's really the name of the sauce), so I'm definitely a fan.  It was a bit odd to have all the lettuce and veggies at the top of the pita, and all the meat at the bottom ... maybe if you could choose your veggies and dressings, they could toss it for you so the food is more well-distributed? :)

AND THEYRE OPEN LATE!!
Excellent falafel! Best in the area, probably the state. Priced well.
If I could give this place less than one star I most certainly would. It seemed nice at first, we had a very polite young man as a waiter, and the "bouncer" was very friendly, then the manager came in.

The manager has very bad manners. Was aggressive with the waitstaff and screamed at them in front of the customers for some kind of seating miscalculation? Highly unprofessional. If you have difficulties you certainly do not air your grievances in front of customers. He did not seem to care. Also, he stared quite a bit in a deplorable way. 

Third, all of a sudden the bill was "cash only" -and they direct you to a dodgy ATM machine inside the place. Keep in mind the credit card machine is in plain view. Perhaps it was not working? Who knows. The waitstaff directed us to a dodgy cash machine inside the restaurant which charges $3.00. It was almost as if they wanted our experience to be bad, they worked quite hard at it.

Fourth, they brought in some random dj, and kept switching up the music. No idea why.

Lastly the food, mediocre and highly overpriced. Now, I would not mind paying for a good meal, but the food is definately not worth it. A side of humus will cost you $10, (Aroma Cafe's humus is much better and they have better service) What they also do not tell you is somehow gratuity is automatically added to the bill. There were 3 of us. I've worked in the service industry before, and let me tell you, this is not a standard practice. 

All in all a very poor experience, more people need to review this place and spread the word. This place is awful. They need to be shut down. I shall not be recommending it to anyone, and would recommend that you steer clear. 

Review in the New York Times, LA Times, and Time Out pending -all will not be favourable I can assure you of that. A highly disappointing experience, and shall not be returning.
This is my go-to Indian food spot.  I love the mango lassi, garlic naan, butter chicken, and massaman curry. It can get busy and slow, but there is baklava at the counter, which I do recommend getting to tide you over.
I recently found Jerusalem Garden, and I am a fan. The place is small and a little busy, but I like the atmosphere. The food was reasonably priced and was pretty good.
Been eating here for years.  Get the schwarma sandwich or plate.  The new location was fine, not sure what the other guy's talking about.

And very glad they booted South Street.  If you've ever had a real Philly Cheesesteak then you know that place was nasty.
my dad eats here every day. i think he's addicted. amazing service, great hummus. very good!
This is one of my favorites in Troy. We went here a lot when I was at RPI for both lunch and dinner. 

The inside has a very cool and traditional decor. Its not too flashy, nothing like a  fancy restaurant but its nice. Parking can be tough sometimes, you have to park on 15th street where its usually packed.But I generally park on the side of the building or behind it. To this day, I honestly do not know if that's legal parking, because the area behind looks like its parking for the house/apartments there. But so far I never got towed so it should be ok. 

Now on to the food. The food here is great , I actually never had a bad experience with it. With most dinners you get the large lavash bread, which is simply amazing, its straight out of the brick oven (literally). For the food my all time favorite is the beef durum (or gyro as most other places call it) I also had the chicken with cury and gyro pizza, both of which were also good.

The prices are more than reasonable last time I went  for lunch with my friend, we got two durums, small lavash bread, drink and baklava for about $25, it was more than enough food for 2 people. 

This is definitely my favorite place for lunch in Troy that's close to rpi campus. I would recommend it to anyone who love Mediterranean food like I do.
still delicious. Still makes me sad every time i cannot get to pasadena to buy kebabs from here and instead have to settle for a lamer version elsewhere. It's like i don't even want to eat kebabs at other places because it will just remind me that i could be eating the ones from here. The rice is delicious too. They got that cool rice not the normal marlon blando. salad is delicious, tabouleh is delicious, just super good.
They are trying to get a liquor license.  Help these good people out.  An amazing atmosphere, with two levels and a really nice ceiling.  It's nice to walk into a coffehouse and not get stared at by everyone there.  I sat in a room of our own, upstairs next to the elevator.  We found a postcard sent to the owner by someone in Morocco and read it.  There was for some reason Elmer's glue and an office space that was nice to peek in.  The waitress put up with my indecicion and questions with grace, but didn't describe the desserts very well.  I got something that sounded delectable but turned out to be not very good  soggy cornbread.  But the drinks were good, if a little pricey.  Go for the atmosphere.  Bring a flask.
It's a mom and pop shop that combines a little Persian grocery and grill - but as far as the food goes, wow, it's SO good. This place is practically a secret given its unremarkable decor and exterior sign. Go here if you want to be cool for knowing stuff only local locals would know about. And when you go here, you should get the House Kebob - it is a runaway winner.
(I'm assuming this restaurant is the same as the location in Morningside Heights)

I probably would have ignored this place entirely, as it gets lost next to the construction at Havana Central, but I was recommended to the eatery by a fellow classmate. Feeling the need to change it up from NY pizza and bagels, I went for the Shawarma Beef sandwich, which included beef, lettuce, tomato, and tahini sauce in pita bread. If the pita had actually stuck together more, the sandwich might have been more enjoyable. The taste wasn't bad, but I tired of it  quickly. I wish I had more to say, but the meal in general was less than impressive - especially for a $6 sandwich.
Ali Babas is as good as they come - fresh, spicy, and delectable. The tandoori oven they have makes everything crispy and amazing. I love their chicken curry pizza and their lavash. It's fun to watch them cook. I take my friends here when they visit because they have a wide selection of entrees (great for vegetarians) and they don't disappoint.
I always get the chicken kebab with rice and salad from here. Always delicious! Chicken is well seasoned with just the right amount of that garlic taste and tender. The dressing on the salad is delicious and the rice is actually flavorful...I have been to several Mediterranean places where the rice is so bland, it seriously has no purpose on the plate, but their rice is great. They are efficient about getting your food out and the prices are good, but unfortunately I can't give 5 stars. The service is horrible! I have felt rushed in my ordering and like they feel like they're doing me such a favor for providing me with food...THAT I'M PAYING FOR!!! The food is great, I crave it often, but there's nothing like terrible service to leave you feeling less than excited to frequent a business.
order took forever.  over and hour and 20 mins.  ;(

pizza sucked.

got buffalo tenders- they were tiny- though the sauce was good
Very filling belly happy, mediterranean place.... Chicken shawerma and the lamb kabob was an absolute A...... definitely recommend this place if ur craving for some fast food.... Service was meh, totally walked away when i was ordering to look at the basketball score...... but the food makes up for their rudeness....
Hummus is a good place to get a snack, especially if you like...hummus.

The decor is decent, but most people take it to go.  While I dined in, it was a little difficult to maneuver around the lines to get more sauce or water.  

The falafel was pretty good, and the hummus smooth.  The beet salad was good, even though I usually stay away from that type of dish.  The wholewheat pitas, however, I could eat all day.  Call me crazy, but the hummus and bread would have been enough for me.

Although a bit on the pricey side for what you get, it is far better than going to the McDonald's on the corner.  :op

For a quick snack (except during peak times), Hummus is a good change of pace from the usual fare.
Pretty standard falafel, nothing too special. 

I honestly just went because of the discount for Columbia students, and 'cause I was mildly in the mood for falafel. Nothing too special, but better than Maoz (I HATE Maoz).
Pro: 
- Food was fresh.

Con:
- Tiny portion for $6.80 Steak Pita. Easily eat 2 for $13.60 and still be hungry.
- Very little meat in the Pita.
- Non-Authentic meat choices.
- Non-Authentic sauces.

Not a bad place, but way too small portions for the price and by no means authentic food.

Plenty of better places with better price and more authentic food around.
Stixs is an interesting concept poorly executed.

At first it seems obvious: meat on a stick in Texas? What could be better? 

But then you walk through the door -- or more accurately, wade through the people squinting at the menu in the doorway. The poorly-designed menu takes some time to comprehend and since there is no table service, everyone gathers in the entryway. 

Once you've decided, you order one or two skewers at about $7 a pop. Although there is no table service you are expected to leave a tip at the register when you order. I found this off-putting when paying with a credit card. Although I am an excessive tipper in most cases, I find it weird to ask for a tip just for placing an order.

I ordered some Thai peanut skewers (these are most definitely not kabobs) in chicken and shrimp. They each had 3 pieces of meat, 2 pieces of broccoli, 2 slices of red bell pepper, and some onion. All on a bed of couscous. I suppose there was some peanut sauce in there somewhere but I didn't taste much. To say the plate is small would be an understatement.

The food is bland both in taste and presentation. And it is far too expensive for lunch, especially when you consider you'll have to eat something else later since the portions are so tiny. You walk out the door of Stixs hungry and bored.

I can't imagine how this business will survive the The Drag's paradox of high rents and people expecting cheap eats. So far several of my work colleagues have visited this restaurant (which is mere steps away) and none have positive things to say. I know I won't be back.

If you want meat on a stick, go to Dog Almighty. If you want vegan food, hop down to Veggie Heaven, and there is better Asian food a block away at Ming's.
4.5 stars! One of the best falafels I've ever had...even better than mine! delicious and cheap...really cheap. I plan to eat here often.
I consider myself somewhat of a falafel-connoisseur. My hometown of Berkeley knows how to do falafel right (see: Holy Land, on College Ave. It's worth a pilgrimage). While Falafel King isn't necessarily great falafel, it is definitely GOOD, especially in the mysteriously falafel-lacking city of LA. 

Great price, ($10 for a huge plate of 5 sides, 2 fat warm pitas, and 4/5 falafel balls), a vast selection of delicious sides (tabbouleh & eggplant anything = yum), extra points for (random?) avocado. Smash it all together, and its just so damn satisfying. 

The restaurant itself has a weird diner-feel, so takeout to a park or couch is key. Unless you just can't resist the pull of nummy falafel smells for a few minutes of transportation; which I often can't. 

And please, avoid Bella Pita up on Gayley at all costs. This is much more authentic and way more gooder.
Decently falafel sandwiches served quickly for a fair price.

Back in the day, they used to ignore you for a bit, (slowly) assemble your sandwich, the place it on a grill and hand it over a few minutes later with delicious results. Unfortunately, the Falafel Palace has (somewhat) recently taken a turn for the worse as they've changed the format of the place.

The service is now assembly line Anna's Taqueria style, which means that you get your sandwich probably ten times faster, but it's not as good as it used to be. The ingredients are still great, but the lack of grilling and generally sloppier assembly takes the sandwiches from drunk-divine to drunk-good (and sober-acceptable).

Still, it's a tasty falafel, served to you in a palace, and open (very) late on weekends. Not bad.
look i know my shawerma/gyro sandwiches.  and i know falafel.  and i know pretty much all of that.  cuz well, that's my ppl, and i am pretty damn fat, mind AND body.  so i would have to say i would recommend some other places in the area for this kind of food, ie, middle eastern/levantine "fast food."  i know other ppl that loved this place, so u should definitely try it and see for yourself because it's not like the food tastes bad or nething awful like that, it's definitely palatable and satisfying.  but imo the other places serving similar food in AA and ypsi made it all in a more delicious fashion, and i preferred them over ahmo's.  i think some of that has to do with my specific tastes stemming from my own background, so i opine recognizing that my tastes differ from others who have reasonable levels of refinement of palate.  service wise the guys here were all quite nice though, so some part of me hates to hate, but u gotta hate sometimes, and i'm trying to hate fairly here ppl.  compare this to the other local levantine establishments and find your own favorite(s) would be my rec.
This place used to be good. I have been getting the lamb shawarma here for the past 3 years and this year the quality has just gone down. The wraps are now filled with a little bit of burnt meat and lots of wilted lettuce. The staff is also very crabby. Very disappointed.
Any time I was sick of dining hall food, this was ALWAYS my go-to.  The guys are SUPER nice who work there (they still remember my name), and they're quick and efficient.

I usually go with a combo pocket (Lamb + Falafel), but I can seriously eat anything there.  Their falafels are great, their pockets are all great, and their salads are all great.  If you're vegetarian, than this is definitely a great place for you!

The prices are also VERY reasonable.

If you're in Providence on the East Side, this is definitely a must.  

P.S. A little hint, if you tip them, they give you free baklava!
Can I just tell you that I am so disappointed that NYC doesn't have a clone of this place? I crave the lavish bread on a weekly basis. So when I come home my mom and I make it a point to come here. 

Loves: 
The menu has pictures! 
Complimentary lavish bread just out of the brick oven
An awesome selection of dishes
Great service
Off the beaten path
No loud music

Dislikes: 
It's in Troy... I think we need an expansion to the city. 

Bring your friends, order a lot of dishes, and spend some time trying all  of them. My mom and I love sharing food and being able to try a few different flavors, and that is one of the great appeals of Ali Baba's. I will be back!
Yeah, so this isn't maybe the absolute best Mediterranean food ever, but it's a solid choice, and is especially great hangover food.  I tend to just get a side of grape leaves and rice pilaf and it's enough for me.  The chicken shawarma is also quite tasty.  My friend, who is Greek, loves coming here, so if anything I'd say that means it can't be too bad.  I don't think I'd drive from out of the area just to try it, but if you're nearby it's pretty good.
Habibi was "the" place in college..it seems like yesterday that we'd get a rush from smoking sheesha till 2 AM in Westwood on our road trips to LA, watching vacationing Saudis dance to arab tunes and the rhythmic eb and flow of persian girls drifting around (my friends watching, not me)...

but that was college..and we can't be held responsible for having bad taste..after all, Habibi didn't card and deceptively made us feel like we were living above our pay grade (students = paygrade close to zero)

but things change, times change, and as a tax paying, income earning citizen..I've been enlightened, and I can say with the utmost certainty that 

Habibi sucks.

Their is obviously something very shady going on there, perhaps the business is a front for some black market operation..it has all the tell tale signs

1) only cash
2) the prices of the sheesha seem to change in real-time
3) mandatory gratuity for any party more than 2 people. By default, sheesha is a social activity. If you're smoking sheesha by yourself, perhaps you should reevaluate the slope of your social graph. Placing an 18% tariff on your patrons is more/less a shakedown

the moral of the story is: if you're in college, enjoy Habibi for what it is, and rest assured that the working world (and age) will afford you many treasures, including the ability to know a standup, classy establishment from a smokey back room extortion hub.
This is another one of my favorite Kebab places. I love the Tabouli here, and the wraps. Its simply delicious, fast, and very tasty.

One of the best authentic style kebab places in Los Angeles. Try the Spitz near glendale if you prefer a more Western style kebab.
I love this and every Zankou i've ever encountered.

if you're not familiar w/ mediterranean food, i suggest getting a side of tabouli, which is chopped up & marinated parsley and couscous.  It doesn't sound like much, but it's SO good when you have it w/ your chicken.

Most people don't eat the pickled beets and peppers, but seriously you're missing out!  Don't eat it alone, it's only good when you have a little peice w/ a mouthful of chicken.  I also take tiny tiny nibbles of the peppers while i eat (watch out, those suckers are hot!).  It gives the chicken a little kick :)

In fact, i have not had KFC or popeye's chicken in almost a year because of this place.  It's SO yummy and the prices aren't bad. 

but the BEST part of this place is the creamy garlic sauce...MMMmmm Somehow this stuff brings everything together.  I always have to ask for extras because it's guaranteed that i'm gonna run out.  

check it out and welcome to my chicken heaven
Totally yummers! Cheap, delicious, unique. Cool vibe, great homemade hot sauce and strawberry jam. Go...right...now!
If I could give them NO STARS! I would.

Lets see: Hi table for 4 please.  Theres no table on this side, how about over here, VIP, $15.00 minimum a person.  Sure we say.  So we sit down in this little out door corner, but There we already four people in that corner with no way out.  SO every time their coals needed to get changed or they needed a restroom we had to get up and move out.  Cool. So we order an apple hookah and ask if they serve alcohol "Yes we have sharps millers" "whats thats?" "Its a very light refreshing beer"  "Cool we'll have a pitcher"  For those you who were unaware as we were Sharps beer is a non-alcoholic beer.  faboulous.  We smoke our hookah and are now ready to go, the bill comes in at $76.95. (math: 4 people x $15 a person = $76.95?)  They included gratuity...FOR FOUR PEOPLE!!! AND AT 20% not even the usual 18%!!!!!  Fabulous!  So for $76.95 we got a crappy seat, fake beer and one hookah.


AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID
The middle eastern food here is really good, but a little on the small side for the price at a food truck: $5-6 for a pita wrap that won't completely fill you up. This is okay, but if you're a fat kid like me you could just as easily go to a Chinese cart and pay $3.50 or $4 for a huge platter or to Tacos Don Memo for a delicious $7 monster burrito that you may not be able to finish. 

That said, the food here IS quite delicious (try chicken kebab with feta in a pita sandwich), relatively healthy, and worth the extra cash once in a while, especially when you're not starving (or if you happen to eat like a bird/be on a diet).
A hidden GEM!!!! almost feel guilty for posting this.... LOVE ME some Mediterranean food!!!
I love Sphinx Cafe! Its one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh! Before I was 21 this was one of my main hangouts and its so awesome it continues to be! Whenever friends or family come from out of town I show people this little jem. I've been to a couple other hookah place and they just don't compare. I spent a year in the middle east and the vibe is here is spot on - reminds me of a place called Egon (unlike Hookah Bookah - i get the creeps when i go there). I've met the owner  and she is really cool. A little fun fact: she had all the decor imported from Egypt which is where she is from. There is another guy who manages this locations and he greets us and always waves good bye when we visit.  I do like to poke fun at the arabic music videos that play cause they are super dramatic.

The hookah is pretty good and prices are fair. You will realize how fair when you go to other places. The drinks they have are really cool and we love trying something new every time we come. The service is usually really good and we have really nice waiter/waitresses. Once in a while they are out to lunch and you have to be assertive. Parking is always an issue in oakland so its a real hunt if you don't live in oakland. 

Also beware of Burn Wednesday. I hate it! They have musicians who travel in and play ok music and preach the goodness of weed and making it legal?! Really annoying when I'm trying to chill so it's safe to say  I never go there on Wednesdays.
Love the grilled veggie wrap! They have awesome hummus and yummy baklava!
I went to Amir's hoping to find a good falafel place that's not in Greenwich village, but was sadly disappointed.  I ordered a vegetarian platter to get a sense of several of Amir's offerings (Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ghanouj, and Grape Leaves) and was not really impressed with any of them.  The food was ok, but my biggest issue with this place was more their service.  First of all, my platter came to $9.81 and I wanted to pay with my credit card and was told that there was a $10 minimum.  Despite being less than a quarter off and knowing that merchants cannot require a minimum for accepting a credit card (http://www.mastercard.com/us/business/en/common/faq.html#211 and Visa has a similar policy), I took this as an opportunity to try out the Bakalva, another of my favorites.  When I left, I felt pretty good about my choices and was excited to get back and enjoy my food.... When I got back, I realized that they didn't include any pita to have with my hummus and baba ghanouj... so I went to the store and bought some pita bread....  When I get back, I realize that they also didn't put my bakalva in my bag.  So, not only did I buy the baklava to meet their minimum credit/debit card limit, they didn't even give me the baklava!  

Overall, the food wasn't horrible, and it was pretty quick service taking less than 5 minutes from the time I walked in the store until I left.  However, the mediocre food is not worth their poor policies and inability to successfully complete an order.
Best Kebab place I have been to so far (and I have been scouring LA for them). Meat is always tender and perfectly spiced.Our family usually takes one order of Koobideh, one order of Kebab and an extra skewer of Salmon, we end up paying around 40$,  this is enough for the 3 of us (2 adults, one kid) and sometimes we take home some of it. And portions vs. cost is better than most places I have been to.
Pretty good. I thought the prices were a little sketch...I mean you can get great, juicy, perfectly grilled kebabs at Bandar in Gaslamp for just a bit more--and Bandar has bigger portions and great ambience!

I got the house kebab meal (ground beef kebab) and was satisfied, but not all the way happy spending my money there. That's not to say I wouldn't go back, but the meat portions are meager for the price.

Good for a quick bite.

Thing that kinda grossed me out: they keep a cup of saffron rice and they put a meager spoonful on everyone's basmati. That's fine, but it's in a little cup whose hygiene I question, and there's no doubt the saffron rice is cold from sitting there...

On the other hand, service was friendly and home-y.
A great place for lunch or getting take-out on the days that you don't feel like making dinner.  I usually get one of the kebab plates and they also offer a pretty nice variety of side dishes, with the tabbouleh and grape leaves being my favorite.  You already get hummus and salad if you get a kebab plate, so order a few sides and you are set!  As others have mentioned, service is extremely efficient and prices are rounded to the nearest $0.25 so that cash transactions are easy.  The owner (at least he seems like the owner) runs the cash register and he is very polite and friendly.  I've used this place for large orders of 20+ people and when I've done him the courtesy of coming in to pay the day before, he has had the entire order ready EXACTLY when I walked in the door.  This guy clearly values his customers and his business.  As other have mentioned, this place closes early and unfortunately is not open on Sunday.  If you decide that you don't want to cook, be sure to find this place before 7pm or you'll be staring at a locked door and have to come up with a plan B.  That doesn't leave you a lot of leeway, but if you're a local and plan a little in advance, this place can be a lifesaver.  Prices are pretty reasonable.
Had the felafel wrap, which at $3.75 *including* tax was a very delicious bargain!  Fresh felafel, flavorful tahini sauce, and a very nice pita to hold it all together.  I'm looking forward to going back many times and trying their other menu items.  Also, it was super-fast; from ordering to having the wrap took less than a minute.
Algiers Coffee House is the kind of place you go if you want to meet up with a friend you haven't seen in a while. Why? Because the service is very slow, so you'll have plenty of time to catch up!

Aside from being slow, service is friendly. I liked my mint tea, and my husband's hot cider smelled divine. We split a cheese plate which was quite tasty, and came with plenty of pita. I think the prices are a little high for what you get, however.

Algiers has a distinct atmosphere, which is a nice change of place from the usual coffee shops in the Square. I wouldn't mind going back for a savory treat, although their sweets are disappointingly expensive.

(ps -- I remember when this place had a smoking section and I never wanted to go because even if I sat in the smoking section, I still would cough and sneeze. Hooray for the smoking ban!)
I've never been to the one in Oakland.  But there IS one in the Southside which is great.  The space is open and has really clean lines.  The staff is always super nice.  I just had my birthday dinner there a couple of weeks ago.  The fact that it is BYOB is fantastic too.  Jamesons and wine! woo!  I am a big fan of Middle Eastern food.  The gyro (yee-rro) meat doesn't seem processed and isn't greasy like most places.  Yes roll those r's.  rrr! The dish that keeps me coming back is the hummus madamas.  The chick peas are whole with lemon juice, olive oil, cilantro (i think), tomatoes etc.  Healthy and refreshing dish.  The platters are great, especially the kebabs and cuts of lamb.  The lamb is always cooked really well with absolute tenderness.   I'm not a big fan of the chicken though, I remember it being a tad dry.  Considering I was down  six shots of irish whiskey and four ipa's, I can't recall too well.  It's a great environment for large groups or even an initmate date.
SeDarz.  This is how we pronounced it in college.  

Because we were cool.  

This use to be my go to Indian Food place.  Use to.  It had been a while and I recently revisited.  Things have changed.  

In the past the service was always top notch.  I never was able to get my chai tea past the half way point.  It became a challenge, can I get this cup empty before they refill?  I'd always leave having consumed over 8 cups of chai and never once 'winning'. 

As I said..things have changed.  The service is not the same (during our past visit our chai sat empty for half the meal) and we had to ask about 3 times to get new plates for our food.  I was also somewhat annoyed that the guy who took our order (I'm pretty sure the owner) was rather annoyed that we were getting only two entrees (despite plenty of naan and other appetizers).  But now I'm just being picky.
The. Best. Falafel. Ever. 

That is all you need to know.
Awesome falafel. The size of the pocket is also just right.....
Found this place on accident and had to wait about 10 minutes during prime breakfast time on a Sunday morning.  This place seems to be family owned/operated which I already love.

I ordered pancakes that were loaded with fruit and a side of hash browns.  Both were AmAzInG! When my home fries came to the table I was delightfully surprised to see they were cooked with fresh veggies, so yummy.  Also, my pancakes were great as well.  

The place was super cheap and food was great.  I would definitely go here again!
This is the best fast food Mediterranean spot! I come for the chicken shawermas and I pay extra to substitute the salad with their delicious taboule. Do yourself a favor and check it out. I lived off of this for 2 years and this place was perfect since they make the food very quickly. Food is always fresh. Try to avoid coming between 12-1pm because it gets quite crazy. They take phone in orders too, so that is also very nice.
I'd give this negative 5 stars if I could.  I love Middle Eastern food, and worked about a 2 minute walk away from this place for a few years, so I ate there many times.  Every time I was disappointed.  Regularly the food was served cold, and when I politely pointed this out on one occasion they looked at me like I was speaking Swahili.  

Worse than that, however, on multiple occasions my falafel had SAND in it.  If you've ever eaten anything with sand in it, you know it has a very distinctive feel in your mouth--there's no mistaking it.  It is rock-hard (since a grain of sand is essentially a tiny rock) and could not be confused with (for instance) over-fried falafel.    This of course swayed me against going back there for quite some time, but eventually I thought it must have been a fluke, and my love for Middle Eastern food led me to put up with the low quality served at Jerusalem Garden.   

Then it happened again!  SAND again!   Anything like this that happens more than once, on completely separate occasions, should be taken very seriously.  

I strongly recommend you NEVER eat at Jerusalem Garden.
I had the salmon kabob, which was delicious but overpriced.
My friend and I were looking for somewhere for a drink and some dinner on a Friday night and found this place.   The wait staff was so friendly and awesome and the food was delicious!!!!  We both had the Mediterranean Salad and I want more.  I also had the eggplant over grilled meat tapas with yogurt sauce which I loved-I want the recipe.  We left before the music started and I can see how it could get very crowded in there, but for dinner, the ambiance is great and prices really reasonable too, and the food was delicous!  I will be going back.
The food is so good! We had a few different things and it was all good. We will be going back soon!
Wow.  This place used to be my go-to spot when it came to dining cheaply on the Ave.  Just had their gyros today and had to throw 2/3 of it away.  Used to always get their marinated chicken and falafel sandwiches and might try those again, but today's gyros was very questionable.
Fun little mom-and-pop Mediterranean stop-in shop on Guadalupe. Tom will talk your ear off and serve up whatever your heart desires...even five minutes before close (as he did when we rudely, yet unintentionally stopped in just before 7pm). Hours aren't great, but the falafels are delicious, served with a variety of hummus flavors. Decent pastries for the sweet tooth. Two falafels, two drinks, and a brownie was just under $15. If the name sounds familiar, it's the same tabooley available in grocery stores across Texas and Louisiana.

Try the tabooley today.
Ok so I have to say this is the best IDEA ever!!! The fusion totally rocks.  But yes when you come to think of it, it is extremely weird.  BUT YOU HAVEEE TO TRY IT!! I am soo addicted to this place and can't wait for them to come to Virginia.  I don't think I have been back to Chipotle since Krazi Kebob has opened.  FRESH NAAN WRAP is the way to go.  What I usually get is Rice, Onions, Chic Pea, Spicy Chiken, Tikka Sauce (AMAZING), Pico, Corn Mango, Both Chutneys, and Cheese.  Once I am done with that there is no way I can eat the rest of the day!  Best part is its only $6.49.  Oh yea and how can I forget the Amazing Chai Tea at the end which is totally desi style!  
All I have to say guys is stop thinking just GOOOOO!! You will regret not going. 

As for the person who commented on the bottom, I think the Kebobs are the meats in the line.  I can't say anything about the uncooked part I go almost everyday if not 2x and have never had that problem.

THANKS FOR COMING TO College Park Krazi Kebob YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!!!
Oh my goodness! Can you say... YUM? I Love this place! The BF and I came here after a run and the chicken hit the SPOT! It was soooo yummilicious. 

I ordered the Combo platter--  with the Lule and Chicken Kabob, Rice, Huge tomato, and Hummus/Pita bread. Very good! I kept dipping my Chicken into their Garlic sauce, and I made Pita Tacos! So Good....and best of all, amidst this recession--very affordable!!

Cannot rave enough how great this place is.
Wow. I got a "chicken swarma" wrap here that was so bad. It didn't even taste middle eastern. I think it was dark chicken with some iceberg lettuce & mayo, with a side of mayo gloppy american picnic pototo salad that I couldn't eat either. Oh, and don't forget the dark brown (burnt?) pita chips along side. I actually left the entire lunch on the plate which is unheard of for me. I just wanted to warn others!!!

I hope to god that their falafel is better.
AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
Hands-down the best place to grab an inexpensive quick bite in Providence. What it lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in fresh, incredible food. Drugs could never hook me like their falafel does. Do yourself a favor and order one all the way-with suicide sauce. A side of their amazing pita chips, and you won't be sorry. Let them see you drop a tip in the jar, and the friendly staff usually throw a little baklava your way too. Off to Tahini rehab.
this is the first cafe I 've fell in love in boston.
I love love love the building and interior.who made this beautiful building?
and I realized that boston is the city of the architecture.
but the food and drinks are okay for me. if there price is cheper and less chairs(I think it is too crowded) it would be better.
It was the first time I had mediterranean food and it was a positive experience. The service is good, they were able to serve my crew team who came in for brunch. The atmosphere is also very hip but inviting.
Sick of curry-scented Central Sq? Me, too. Thank god for Brookline Lunch, the miniature breakfast mecca off Mass Ave.

My roommates and I love this place. Where else can you get a mammoth omelette for $4? You can't even buy eggs that cheap. The hash brown potatoes here are to die for. They're neither hashed nor brown, and they're barely potatoes. The cook makes them chock full of colorful vegetables, and I don't think it's ever the same melange twice. My most recent serving included spinach, carrots, asparagus, onions, broccoli, mushrooms, and what may or may not have been Brussel sprouts. They're pretty much the best thing since sliced ... potatoes.

Also, the pancakes are above-average, the French toast is quite tasty but unremarkable, and I'm told they always do their meat right. As for lunch and dinner foods, well, I've never had them but I'm sure they do a fine job of it, too. But seriously. Just get breakfast.

Service is spotty, natch. The waitress/owner is the hardest working woman in the restaurant business and usually does it alone. So it's not the fastest service in the world, but that's fine. Linger over your eggs and a good cup of coffee, and watch the skinny hipsters gather around Middle East across the street. Revel in your full tummy of delicious food. Curl up in the fetal position. Love life, for your bill will never be above $10.
Don't come here expecting great food! It's mediocre at best, but Habibi is a lively place for a late night with some hooka or tea. Great for groups, except that it can get very crowded (especially on weekends). In my opinion, it's best to sit outside or at the row of tables bordering the outside. There's a minimum of one item/person (not including hooka) and I believe, on the weekends, that is bumped up to $10/person. A fun place to do some people-watching, and if you stay very late on the weekend (after 2 a.m.) there's an amazing, gorgeous belly dancer who performs around the restaurant.

I've had some good experiences here (the owner coming to personally wipe down my table) and some ugly ones (being overcharged and having to argue with the manager to fix the bill) but it is still the most crowded place on any given night in Westwood.
Damn you Shangri-La! Damn you sweet delicious hell for making me eat my words along with your delicious $3 falafel sandwich! Hooda and Amir's are officially out of the running for best falafel around campus.
Peak food experiences for $3.12 (side of falafel+tax).
Fast. Tasty. Cheap.
i don't really know how anyone could give this place anything but five stars! i've been there 3 times in the past week and every time has been great. this is literally the best falafel i've ever eaten, and the black bean wowshi is phenomenal (add a little feta and some of the herbal dressing, so good). they make everything when you order it, the pita, the falafel, and the fried cauliflower - delicious. i didn't order anything with meat, but my buddies had the steak and the lamb and they were both cooked to perfection. the food may be a little messy, but i'd much rather have a sloppy, delicious pita with tasty fillings than a dry, overcooked falafel any day. as far as the staff, i've never met a nicer group of guys (and a lady). we spent an hour talking to the owner, and when we came back a week later the cook even remembered us. this is by far the best place i have stumbled upon in LA so far. i have to get the recipe for that herbal dressing before i die.
The Middle East Zuzu is a great place for a concert, especially they generally feature lesser known, but totally amazing, bands.  The price is alsways right and with a relaxed, friendly atmosphere, you just can't go wrong.
(REVISED: 12/2007) Now, I've been to many, many shows at the Middle East, up and down, and still really enjoy the place. The sound is typically good (and the downstairs is better than I gave it credit for), the beer is reasonably priced, and you can see a show in just about any genre here. One of my favorite concert venues in the Boston area. It's easy to see why it's such a rock institution.
The lamb kebabs are amazing. The chili and garlic paste compliment the meal well but the spice on the kebabs is flavorful and the right amount. The amount of food you get is reasonable for the price. The service is the most efficient I have ever seen. I got my food before I could finish putting my change in my pocket. Awesome food and quick service.
The food here is fantastic! 

The dolma and the falafel cannot be beat! Everyday the falafel comes freshly fried to oily perfection. Put it in a sandwich, and the falafel is unstoppable. The side dishes all taste very fresh and healthy. My recommendation for first-time customers: the falafels sandwich with dolma on the side.
For an extremely inexpensive lunch or brunch, Brookline Lunch is the place to go. Mostly Middle Eastern fare, but with an amazing assortment of fresh vegetables on the side of almost everything. Home fries are good, fish is good, Turkish coffee is good, hamburgers (real, not a pre-formed patty) with a side of potatoes and vegetables,  Falafel with hummus and a side of homemade soup $3.75. Salads are really good.
Just don't go on Tuesdays (they're closed)  And say hi to Yasmine.
soooooooooooooooooooooo goood!!!!!!!!
This place is one of Ithaca's hidden treats. There isn't a lot of good middle eastern food in Ithaca so The Corner's Deli really fills a need. The felafel sandwich is amazing. The tahini sauce is great. They have a bunch of salads and deserts that make your mouth water.
Good omelettes and very fresh vegetables.

Unfortunately, the fans are not effective during the summer and there is no AC -- you will be hot. In fact, we left there looking like drowned, but satisfied, rats after a nice hot breakfast.

Very reasonable prices. We recommend the steak and eggs or any of the omelettes.

The service is a little slow, though.
Chipotle meets Indian food. Had super high hopes for this place and it kinda met them. Food was decent but not mind blowing, it was kinda bland, to be honest. This place has so much potential to be excellent. My wife wasn't impressed either. Not a bad place, just not great either. The food is halal, so that is a plus. Would come back if in the area.
I love me some Mediterranean Cafe on a day when I want FRESH, FAST, HEALTHFUL food!  Yup, this is the real deal... tabbouleh, hummus, grilled meats, salad, falafel, pit wraps, and that amazing garlic spread! You name it its SOLID!  Now, it is small & crowded but the line moves FAST & you get your food RIGHT AWAY so make sure you know what you want once you get in line.  I gave it a 4 but it's a 4.5 only cuz its hard to find a space to sit during lunch... So I recommend this place as a great pick up food-take out place!
Reviewing these guys again out of fairness...

I'd give this 2.5 stars if I could. I went back (why? I don't know...desperation?) and had a spicy chicken wrap or something of the like. The girl at the cash register was very polite, recommended the sandwich to me, and it was pretty darn good. Nobody appeared to have licked their fingers and touched my food, and the sandwich was well-constructed. I'd probably go back, but I may as well just get Jerusalem Garden.
This place has been around a while and has been a good place to get the combo platter - gyros and shawarma.   Once I tried my friend's "eggplant gyro" and it was just plain weird!  Maybe just a fluke though.  I really like their house salad and their hummus is good - maybe a little heavy on the tahini though. The workers are pretty friendly.  Be prepared for a wait if you go during peak times.

UPDATE:  A few months ago, the place changed ownership and the new folks (though peculiar) seem to be trying hard to improve the place.
Great place... very decent falafel. I get the chicken hummus falafel sandwich, very satisfying... And it's like one of maybe 5 non chain places open late in Boston? Great after bar food... Sometimes I'll even come here for lunch, and sometimes even sober... it's good then too!

They tend to overload it with chicken, which then causes a chicken rush straight to my head. I start flipping out and flopping around all over the street, straight up convolutions yo. 

Good grape leaves too... 

Go Corner!
Vegatarian platter nirvana! The owners are great.. food avesome.. makes it seem like Claremont is a good place to live for a little while..order anything its wonderful!!
Great Lebanese food with delicious grape leaves and humus. Also a nice bar with good wine and beer selection. Finished off my tasty meal with some baklava. The service was impressive and the server was always available for refills without getting in the way. The atmosphere upstairs was also very nice with low seats on cushions and low tables.
The Skinny: Westwood's tastiest healthy and fresh fast food.

Ambiance: Dive-y and positively tiny.

The Long of It:
I was an undergrad when Bella Pita on Gayley first opened.  At times, I would wait 30 minutes outside for them to open up, hungry but certain that only Bella Pita's reasonably priced Mediterranean fast food could satisfy me.  

To this day, 4-5 years later, Bella Pita's falafel patties are the best I've ever had: fresh, moist, and fluffy, encased in deep-fried breading.  Unbeatable.

Whether you order a falafel pita or chicken wowshi or even tuna pita, you are given wide range in building your meal.  Once they hand you your pita sandwich, it's your responsibility now to trek to the vegetable/seasoning/sauce bar and fill it up with the necessaries.  As veteran  Mongolian BBQ diners well know , finding the right ratio of toppings and seasonings and making sure they all maintain physical balance atop each other is a fine art.  Filling up your pita sandwich with freshly diced tomatoes, lettuce, banana peppers, hummus, tahini, cucumbers, pickles, jalapeños, olive oil dressing, hot sauce, and anything else that strikes your fancy at the salad bar is an endeavor sadly limited by the size of your pita and its capacity to absorb certain sauces, oils, and liquids.

Luckily, your pita sandwich also wears a paper wrapper that helps with the absorbency, should it be exceeded.

Sure, the falafel patties and cauliflower side dish is deep fried, along with their french fries.  But located next to In-N-Out, it was obvious which was the (slightly) more nutritious option.

So while my classmates and friends dined on thin-pattied burgers and shakes, I'd stop by Bella Pita to pick up a first-rate falafel pita sandwich to go and join them next door.

For those of you interested in taking home more than a one-person serving of the Bella Pita love, they do (relatively cheap!) local catering as well.  The owner is also a UCLA professor, so catering orders to campus are sure to arrive fresh and on-time.  Catering favorites: chicken wowshis, pita sandwiches and deep-fried cauliflower.  Catering orders also include a mini (but more-than-generous) salad bar to complete the sandwiches.
the music part of this establishment would get 4/5 stars from me if it was a separate yelp review. the show was upstairs & it was a cute little intimate place that would definitely go to again. 

however the food part of this establishment is leading me to give this place 1 star. it wasn't good at all. the kibby was dry & bland. the rice wasn't cooked all the way. the grape leaves were bitter and tasted like they came out of a jar. the saving grace for me was the yogurt sauce which i soaked every bite of my kibby in. i ate as much of my meal as i could since i was starving but my friend ate only a couple bites. the waitress really had no care that nothing was really touched on her plate, didn't even ask if anything was wrong with the dish. 

i am not super adventurous when it comes to food and this was the worst place to start trying to branch out.
I only give them four stars for their out-of-this-world lentil soup.
Why do I always want to say Tom's Taboolery?  Like a tomfoolery hybrid...

Anyways, I love this place.  I eat here probably two times a week while in school.  I used to rock a special every time I went in...Falafel Wrap(swap the taratoor for tzatziki) and fries for 6 doll hairs? GTFO. 

This was of course until I discovered the flavorsplosion that lies within their Thai Wrap with Falafel.  I don't know what tasty demon possessed you to put noodles in a wrap Tom,  but if this is the result, I will prevent the exorcism.  Also, ask for extra Sambal.

The staff are all super rad, they now sell beer, they have board games, there is usually good music, and they have ice cubes shaped like top-hats for no extra charge.
This place can be very busy depending on what time you go but it's worth it. The food is delicious and you can't beat the price. I recommend the shawerma wrap, it's what I get most of the time but even when I choose something else I am never disappointed. If you are looking good mediterranean food you have to give this place a try.
Delicious! An Israeli-style build-your-own falafel joint. Everything was freshly made: the pita, the toppings, the falafel.
I have been eating Zankou chicken since i was 10ish.  My mom used to stop by on her way home from work and get a chicken and the garlic butter.  Back when i first started this was all they had.  Now the have expanded to include lots of Lebanese Armenian middle eastern flavors. 

I will usually get the shawarma beef or the half chicken. They are both a lot of food....so come hungry.  The chicken has a great crispy skin and the beef is shaved off a rotisserie so its also got great flavor.

Don't forget to get extra pita and garlic butter its the best.
We got there around 10:30, and they told us they "ran out of meat"...which was fine because I really just wanted falafel, but my husband was disappointed because he was hoping for shwarma. Anyway, we ordered the falafel plate and they didn't even heat up the falafels. It was disgusting. The falafel was cold as ice and hard as a rock.  Will never go back there.

It was also about 20 degrees outside and not much warmer inside.  It also felt filthy and gross in there.  Even the Middle East has better falafel than this place.
Is it possible for service to be TOO friendly? 

I've been to Beirut twice now and each time, was amazed at just how friendly the family that runs the place is. I felt like I was in some relative's living room with food being pushed on me. 

The food here is good. It's also extremely affordable. If I'm being completely honest, I think the food at Al Baraki in Albany is a teeny bit better, but you can't really eat in there. At Beirut you can actually have a sit down meal and  it's BYOB. How cool is that? Being able to bring in your own bottle of wine is fantastic. 

Beirut is run by a young man, his parents and his sister. When last there with my mother, I think we were asked no less than 10 times if we needed anything else and if we were enjoying our food. There were a few moments when it became almost comical, such as when we were approached by two separate family members just minutes apart while both of us had just taken big bites and were unprepared to answer how our food was. 

I hesistate to complain about overly friendly service. Obviously I would much, much, much prefer this to rude or indifferent service. And this isn't really a complaint, so much as it is an observation -- there were a few moments when the service seemed so eager to please that it was almost a little uncomfortable. But the emphasis is on that "almost."

Here are a couple of things I would change in order to keep with their eager-to-please attitude: Serve the tea in real mugs and not small styrofoam cups. Real glasses with ice for the water would also be preferable. Maybe I'm being anal, but there's just something too incongruous about being served food on real plates and drinks in paper cups. 

I have to agree with Nick P., it is a little disorganized at times. But you feel kind of bad about even noticing it. If you're the type of person who's a very private eater and wants to be more or less left alone, Beirut may not be for you. But if you love garlic, shwarma, grape leaves and other Middle Eastern dishes, and you enjoy getting to know who's feeding you, then Beirut may be up your alley. 

The
Awesome falafel sandwiches at Moody's. I love that they're open late.. definitely a life saver on those nights after the bar. 

Kind of a funny tangent.. last time my friends and I went there after night of dancing, we all got falafel and were walking to our car to devour them in the warmth, and instead of throwing away the wrap she accidentally threw away her entire un eaten falafel sandwich. haha. it was heartbreaking. 

Anyway.. this is one of my favorite falafel places besides Rammy's in Brookline. 
I'm trying to encourage all of my favorite restaurants to look into the green restaurant association and their green restaurant certifications. 
I would love to keep coming to restaurant I know is doing their best to be environmentally sustainable =)
I have been only to the restaurant once. Ordered Lamb Shank and String Beans entree. There is only one piece of lamb shank and it was so soggy, the same case with string beans. Rice was good, but not great. I ordered a dessert Chocolate Baklava, which is tasty. They add 18 percent tips to the bill and you can add additional tips on top of that. What are they thinking? That is ridiculous, tips should be at the discretion of the customer.  

There is one restroom shared by both genders, which is totally gross especially for females. 

Food is not too pricy.

Overall OK experience. Not great.
Hmmmmm I'm drooling at the thought of Zankou... Perfectly charbroiled texture of the meat, fluffy pita, and I dare not mention the garlic sauce and hummus (truly one of a kind and definitely nothing else like it), also the generous portions of the combo plate... I think I'll have this for dinner tomorrow night!  This is a definite must try local dive!
I had the salmon benedict & it was Egg-cellent!  Turkish coffee and bahklava are delicious too. 

Highly recommended by yours Truly.
I thought about giving Tallulah's 5 stars, but the service is almost always terrible - so it can't be given a perfect score. Despite the inattentive wait staff, the food is wonderful. Be sure to try the combination platter appetizer for a nice mix of dips and sauces, and if you're still hungry after that, the turkish pizzas are also great. I hardly ever get entrees here because I love all of the little plates, but I've been with several friends who've gotten fish or meat dishes and they all raved. Wash it down with a pomegranate mojito, if they happen to be on the menu...YUM!

Aside from the food, Talullas also has a lovely atmosphere. I love sitting in one of the circular booths by the window, or - if I'm only with one or two friends - in the curtained area near the bar. It's private and cozy and everyone looks really jealous when they see you sprawled out on cushions enjoying your meal. Be sure to call ahead if you want this space.
Disappointing.  I was actually looking forward to trying this place cuz it had some trendy digs and I was really jonesing for some middle eastern food.  I will say that I liked the vibe that was in here.  A bit too hipster but still fun with not pretentious.  Service was good, friendly and present when needed.  That, of course, is where my optimism ended.  My girl and I ordered the veggie and non-veggie pu pu platters respectively ($20 and $23 respectively as well).  It was (just as the server mentioned) a massive amount of food.  But we were up to the task and did indeed finish our platters.  

Here's a breakdown of my thoughts of where the food broke down.  The grapeleaves were pretty good.  A tiny bit sour and good flavor of the rice and ground beef.  Spinach dumplings  .  Empanadas very disappointing actually the worst I've had - I never thought empanadas could be a meh type of food until now.  The brik was too doughy and if all it was supposed to be was tasteless fried dough then mission accomplished.  The kibbeh was also lacking in taste.  It had a great texture and the outside had that wonderful flaky fried crunch but the fried meat inside was surprisingly lacking that savory flavor I would've expected.  The lamb and  beef kebabs ok.  Certainly not impressive and a little undercooked for my taste (I requested medium but got medium rare).  Texture was great, being soft and tender.  But the meats, too, lacked flavor.  I did think, during my meal, whether I was being too critical either by hunger or quashed optimism but no, I just didn't care for the food.  Amongst, middleastern restaurant standards this was easily among the worst I've had.

Their hummus and harissa were just awful.  I was wondering if all hummus was just pureed chickpeas.  Now I know they're not cuz whatever other restaurants do to add taste, zuzu did not.  Both lacked all discernable traces of any taste whatsoever.  That's not to say the texture was bad but I had to question whether or not I was actually had any matter in my mouth.

Do not go here if you're looking for great middleastern food.  Maybe the drinks are awesome but the food ... notsomuch.
I think that their chicken kebab is the one of  best kebab I tasted so far.
Not to mention that garlic paste(toum) that comes with meal is just right.
Price structure is very good and reasonable. Highly recommend.
The falafel special is a great deal!  But be forewarned that your breath will be kickin' it garlic style when you're done.

The french fries are hand-cut, but they tend to run on the flimsy side and not crisp enough.  I'm not sure if they do this, but maybe they should look into double-frying their french fries to make them crispy!

Most recently, I ordered their gyro and while the meat was delicious, the whole gyro itself was kind of disappointing.  There wasn't enough sauce or veggies.  

The store is cute and has plenty of comfortable tables, chairs, and even some sofas.  

They have some really cool retro candy and Turkish taffy (who knew?!) as well.
So far it is the best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to in Seattle. The food was amazing I tried the lamb shawarma and the lamb was so moist and tender it almost melted in my mouth. My husband had the chicken shawarma and it was really good too. I'm defiantly going back there again.
Yes! The best greek food in town! The hommus is WAY better than Zankou's. 

The kebobs, and Shawerma are top notch. Every thing is super fresh, and the owner and his son are great people. The service is SUPER FAST considering that everything is made to order.

A couple of tips-- lunch hour crunch sucks, don't go for lunch unless you're not working. The business hours tend to vary, and at times they close earlier than other days. I stopped trying to keep up. 

Have fun!
My friend and I went to the Habibi Cafe the other night because she wanted to use her restaurant,com certificate. When we arrived, the chef was out in front because his waiter was on break.  We showed him the certificate and he said they were no longer honoring them.  We mentioned that the certificate was good for one year from the date of purchase.  Also, my friend purchased the certificate in December. The chef told us they ended their contract with Restaurant.com just last month. So in the end he let us use the certificate.

So we were ready to order and my friend was planning to order a hookah to go along with our meal.  The waiter forgot that we ordered it. When this happened we ended up cancelling it.

We ordered a Mezza platter and the Kafka platter.  The dolmah (grape leaves) did not taste good at all. The falafel was ok.  The meal was subpar and the bill was still rather pricy. We ended up paying $24 with tax and tip on our full bill. The sodas we ordered were $3 each.

If not for the certificate we would not have gone there. I do not reccomend going here.  The Gypsy Cafe across the street has better food and more reasonable prices.  They also honor restaurant.com certificates with any trace of bitterness.

I
I was expecting a lot after reading the comments here and East Side Pockets largely delivered.  I got their Middle Eastern platter ($6) which is an assortment of the regulars (hummus, falafel, grape leaves, and tabouleh.  While the sig other got the Greek Salad.  The platter was great and a heavy amount of food.  I couldn't eat it all but the thing which stood out the most was the clean taste of their hummus.  The tabouleh and grape leaves were pretty good.  Their falafel was different.  It was somewhat mushy and not at all crispy.  There was a huge line and the falafel just came from the fryer so we were wondering if they had simply undercooked them.  It could just be how they're prepared and they didn't taste bad, just not expectedly crispy.  Wouldn't hesitate to go back as a cheap eat or for good middle eastern digs but I also wouldn't consider this a must-visit while in Providence.
Pretty pricey for a falafel sandwich that only has falafel, tahini and some lettuce on it.  Dry and bland.
Best gyro in Seattle.  Period.  Their falafel is also good, but the lamb gyro (with feta) is what I get every time.
I didn't try the hookah, but I did have a delicious chicken shwarma. The cashiers do have a bit of attitude, but not in excess; the shop was too cold on the winter night that I visited.

Pretty good.
Had falafel, which is among my favorite foods, which wasn't fresh or hot and lacked flavor.  It was just heavy.  
The salad was nothing but lettuce and I watched the server count out 4 tomato pieces to add.  The dressing did have nice space and flavor. 
Wouldn't try this place again.  It was inexpensive, but there's better places.
Good food, great value.
Amir's really sucks. People are fond of it, because it's the closest falafel place to Columbia, but the falafels are always cold. Also, while their hummus is decent, their baba ganoush tastes stale. Plus, when they sell leek and potato soup, it would help if there were actual leeks in it. I'm not asking too much for the price. Just honest information about soup ingredients. Really, Amir's is not good, unless you like your falafel cold, and you might do better with the falafel cart on Broadway.

Jerusalem Falafel (btw 103 and 104) is much better. Plus, they will give you free hummus and act friendly. I even prefer Maoz.
I really like the fresh lavash and the veggie platter.
I didn't head into the hookah lounge, so this review is purely on the food downstairs.
The meat was very good (seasoned and moist), but the bread was stale. 
Also, it's a three because the tables were sticky and crumbs were everywhere. 
...I don't like eating in places where roaches could possibly come out and take my food away at any moment.
I'm pretty sure if you pour garlic butter over an old tire it'll taste delicious. 

I think the real problem here is that the chicken just feels too dry. So it makes pouring on that garlic butter a must. But again, that the Garlic butter would make even burnt Liver taste delicious.

So you take away that magic bullet and you have very boring chicken. What gets me about this location is that I have never had an order go right. I just gave up coming here even though it's right next door to a popular comic shop I would go to. 

Their pita bread is alright. Their kabob was the only actual order that they didn't screw up for me and I would just look strange pouring the garlic sauce on that. The service was always shotty when I came here that I just stopped.

Oh, and try eating here when you're reading a comic book on Wednesday new release day.. No dice! Not unless you want your new issue of Flash to glisten with garlic butter, that is.
I stopped in here for a quick falafel wrap last night. While certainly not bad in any way, I've definitely had better falafel. But, it is quick, cheap, and pretty good, so if you wanted to stop in for a quick falafel wrap, I certainly wouldn't advise you against Falafel Corner. I would eat there again.
I came here for lunch today. I ordered the beef kabab. The beef was amazing, not too salty but perfect. I like the garlic sauce (white) that comes with it, it goes very well with it. The rice was okay but I am not a rice person so maybe that is why. The salad that comes with it was okay. The price is decent for a full plate but I wish they would add another kabab for charging us $8.50 but over I am very satisfied. The environment was like any other fast food joint, which is very chill. The outside patio has a lot seats and is good hang out spot to grab something cheap with friends.
Zankou is a classic, by classic I mean, any place in Pasadena that my parents have been eating at for years.

I love their garlic butter deliciousness.

I prefer dark meat but even the white meat at Zankou is moist and tender.  

In the Halloween theme, I once heard that the previous owner's wife killed herself in this location.  I'm not sure though...don't quote me on it that story can be completely bogus, just that it'd be something that 58 reviews hasn't told you yet.  :)

*EDIT (10 minutes later)*:

Wait nevermind, I was a bit off (foggy memory): Here's the link to the Zankou Trajedy.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zankou_Chicken
I've been living in the area for the past month, and I already rely on Makkah for so much. They have a fantastic meat selection, and their spice rack is second to none. You won't find more reasonable prices on seasoning anywhere else in the city. The store is stuffed to the rafters with all the necessary condiments and ingredients you might need to make any Middle Eastern dish. Their pita is soft, fluffy, and absolutely delicious. And they stock Injera! In addition to all of this, they have a great European chocolate selection.

Okay, okay, so I agree with other Yelpers that the people running the place can barely raise a smile, but this place is open 24 hours a day. They must be exhausted! And what they lack in toothy grins, they more than make up for with fast efficient service and knowledgeable answers about their stock. Also, one day I saw them pack up a little old lady's shopping cart with a million items and then call her a cab. They know where and when to deploy their generosity and I'm down with that.
I just had the lamb kebab for lunch today. I was also a total glutton and added a couple of falafel to my order. I love their rice pilaf and garlic spread, whatever it's called.

Reasonable and fresh and delicious.

The folks who work there are awesome, too. Very quick, responsive and friendly.
This is a favorite lunchtime spot.
I loooove this place.  It's inexpensive and the food is awesome! It also doesn't hurt that it's such a cute restaurant, tucked away on the corner with cozy patio and indoor seating.  I've been here on several occasions and it has yet to disappoint me.

I love the fattoush salad(?) appetizer, and my favorite so far has been the grape leaf sandwich. The kibbeh ball plate and chicken shawarma are also delightful.  Everything is so tasty, and yet so light and refreshing.

The service here is great, and the wait help is quick and friendly.  I love catered lunches from this place as well and make it a point to attend campus sessions that order from J.G. whenever possible. Free, awesome food == insta-love. Could a grad student ask for more?
Went there for the first time last night with a rather large group, so I don't know that I can really judge the service well.  I can, however, tell you that the $4.25 Arabic Toast, though too expensive, was fantastically huge.  Seriously, the plate was about 12", and the gigantic pita cut into to rounds and toasted just surged over the edge of the plate all the way around.  The apricot jam that came with (we noted hints of honey) was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.

I do agree that the prices are sort of weird and a bit high from what I can tell.  $10 (w/tax+tip) for a tea and toast was more than I wanted to pay (American toast was the same price), but my judgment was clouded by the urgent need for snackage.  Some of the apps were pricey but huge, but other apps were pricey yet smaller.  I had a taste of the chicken with hummus, and it was really yummy.  And I s'pose $3 for a pot of tea isn't so bad.

I'd definitely like to try breakfast sometime.  I guess I'll just allot time for slow service.
I have been coming to Zankou Chicken in Pasadena (as well as some of the other locations around L.A.) for nearly ten years now and have never been disappointed.  It is certainly addicitive, so be careful.  Usually what happens is I go through phases where I end up eating several meals in a row here and then moving on...the fast food equivalent of binge drinking, I guess.

Their wraps are good...whether you get them with chicken, lamb, beef or even falafel.  But I have found that the best way to go is to get one of the plates.  The tri-tip shawerma plate, for example, comes with tri-tip, several pieces of pita bread, pickled beets and radishes, some onions and tomatoes, as well as a buttload of hummus and tahini sauce.  One of these plates is enough for two meals but, sadly, I usually end up consuming the entire thing in one sitting because it is that good.

If you've never eaten at the Zankou Chicken, get out there and find one near you.  They have several locations throughout Los Angeles and I think they have even opened one in Orange County (in Anaheim, to be exact.)
Ohhh Byblos...What happened? This used to be the go to place for all of my friends for almost 5 years. We went for one last time in November and will probably never go again. A large portion of the staff are rude and condescending. Sitting for an hour then getting asked to leave if you don't buy a refill is absolutely ridiculous. The fact there is room at my table and you won't allow my 2 friends to come in, who would have added probably around 50-60 dollars to the bill between another hookah and drinks, is ridiculous. The fact that when I ask for the check because I am annoyed and  the staff "huffs" at me is ridiculous. The fact I can't wait inside in the middle of winter even though there is plenty of room downstairs is ridiculous. Good hookah and good food but the blatant disrespect of some of the staff completely outshines that. The owners wife is a sweetheart and always greeted me with a hug since we came in with large groups and never spent less than 500 dollars when we went. Sad that it has come to this, wish we could go back to the old Byblos :( Guess when we have hookah cravings Opa is the place to go.
Authentic charm.  Leena's dad says, "I don't know how to cook for a lot of people, I just wanted to share my mother's recipies and my wifes' touches."  He had made some special pepper relish from his home garden peppers, way yummy.  Watch out students, he said he's gonna put some habanero in the next batch to mess with you.  Good stuff, and the personal touch makes it so much better.  Gyro plate to go was delish. Small dining area, maybe 8-10 tables, greek music, kids pics proudly displayed.
Great Falafel and open late! Ask for it Spicy!
I ate here recently and was very impressed.  The decor was pretty basic, and the eating space was a little cramped, but the food more than made up for it.  I got the hummus salad, which was simply a bed of fresh vegetables and delicious hummus.  The hummus was perfect and the salad was filling.
If any of you have ever seen me at a dance club (Remember me, baby, I'm the guy who sat in the corner staring at you all night before making an awkward romantic advance while dancing in a manner that the bartender derisively deemed, "convulsive"), then you know that I don't do too well with it.  I'm a wallflower, which is a lot nicer than saying "rhythmless freak."  That's why I love Talullas.

I've never found a place that I've felt so comfortable in just sitting around doing nothing but listening to the music and sipping on a cocktail (Christina's right, those mojitos are pretty bangin).  The place is very comfy to all five senses and the crowd is universally happy to be there, without the slightest dodgy attitude that you find in most places like this.

Definitely my favorite place to go dancing on weekend nights... Try it out.
I used to live around the corner from this place.  Went here a couple of times for breakfast/brunch on a weekend.

Service is usually pretty slow, though the waitress is clearly handling a lot.  No biggie.  Just don't be in a rush.

I'd usually go here when I was feeling too hungover to make breakfast/lunch.  When you're hungover, you want greasy food to sop up all the liquor in your system.  This place generally fits the bill, though I always left feeling sicker than when I went in.  Hungover or not.

The food's pretty mediocre.  I'm not a fan of breakfast (though I've been won over by some places in the area), but this place just turns me off completely.  I know people love it, but I just can't buy into it.  Tastes like the kind of breakfast someone would make at home and you'd politely eat, but would try to avoid their cooking in the future.

Oh, never order anything but breakfast.  It's crap.
As a change of pace I will start with my bottom line: Zuzu! is a cool little place that caters to hipsters, straightedge and funky 20 somethings. 

Zuzu! is not a place to take the 'rents unless they are into a slight hipster vibe with their middle eastern food. 

Zuzu! is a place for a group of 20 somethings on a budget, and even more so if they have a vegetarian in their midst.

Zuzu! has a slim wine list but decent beer list, including 'Ganset for those MA hipsters.

Zuzu! Is easy to get to, has chill waiters, and funky atmosphere.
the FK is still as solid as ever.  i remember when i saw fire marshal bill back in the day scarf down 2 kings w/ cheese one late tuesday night in the wood.  we all had a laugh and then we mercilessly killed our sick delicious kings w/ cheeses too.  falafel king dont play so don't miss out.  secret batter on the chips has us coming back no doubt..  peace.
Great authentic Mediterranean food at an affordable price. 

The rice packs a punch and the meat is moist and tender. Make sure to get the stuffed grape leaves dipped in their delicious tahini sauce. You won't regret it. 

Only down side is lack of seating, but they're quick so you won't have to wait very long.
This place is in my neighborhood and it's a great "greasy spoon" breakfast spot.  The single room is rustic and funky.  Wall art comes from "Out of the Blue" gallery and changes monthly.
The food is good comfort food at great prices.  If you want french toast go somewhere else because that is the one menu item that is simply awful!  
The business is family run - husband cooks, wife waits tables, sons wash dishes. The service is slow when the place is packed because one person is cooking for or waiting on 15 tables.
The eggs benedict and omelets are always excellent. The home-fries are filled with all sorts of vegetables that make them tasty and much healthier than typical fried potatoes.
Go with friends or the daily news and just enjoy!
Perfect lunch for a UT student. Me and my boyfriend love coming here and we both get the gyro wrap combo for lunch. Its conveniently located, DELICIOUS, and a fantastic price. The atmosphere seemed dingy at first but I love it now, such a warm family atmosphere. There was actually a north african looking couple with the 2 cutest babies in here the other day, definitely brightened my day. I love the chicken schwarma wrap to but I am a red meat kinda girl. One of the only places around campus me and the bf can agree on always for lunch :) thank you Kismet!
a fun place to hang out, smoke hookah, and laugh at all the college kids trying way too hard to look cool.
It's quick, friendly and yummy.  Not to mention healthy for you!  What more can you ask for when you are looking for lunch.  Loove this place for a quick bite to eat when I'm in a hurry!
If you don't mind being over-run with UCLA students, this place has very reasonably priced Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food. It's not the best example of Middle Eastern in town (or even in the neighborhood, see Sunnin Lebanese Cafe on Westwood), but it's ok if you happen to find yourself in Westwood village wanting cheap Middle Eastern. The decor is somewhat lacking but can generously be described as casually shabby.
Stopped by on a snowy evening a few weeks ago for the first time and had the lamb kabobs. The food was good, but nothing special. The restaurant was fairly empty - probably due to the snow - and the atmosphere was relaxing and informal. Unfortunately, so was the service. The staff were friendly, but exceptionally slow. I wouldn't recommend going if you're in a hurry.
Samir is really friendly, the food comes fast, and it is very tastey and cheap. Great if you have a short break between classes.
This place is craveable! Get a side of pickled turnips, they're the best! Mediterranean Salad is a summer favorite :)
Soft, juicy chicken tarna plate at Zankou used to be my favorite Sunday treat. I even attempted to finish their pickled green chili, but I found that attempt could land me in LA psycho ward and subsequently ditched to Skid Row to die. There are always plenty of people, but even more seats to accommodate them. They are definitely not cheap, but once in a while a treat like that is well worth the money.
The Chicken Wowshie takes over any late-night cravings I have. The lamb was nice and tender. The pita bread itself is so fluffy and delicious. I favor the creamy green sauce over my meat.

There's nothing else like piping hot pita bread.

Trouble is, I keep chasing a dragon of pita perfection from my youth, from a long-forgotten shop in San Francisco. That fifth star is reserved for them.
Very, very good food here. The chicken tarna wrap is priced right, tasty, juicy and mouth watering. I got a side of a couple falafels and the tabbouleh salad which i had never had before. I loved the salad too. Everything tasted great and was fresh to order. One of the best things about eating this type of food is i don't feel overly expanded and heavy after eating all that food. I'll be back.

Lady at the counter was polite and the place was clean.
Great Turkish food!!
 
I have passed this place numerous times but hadn't tried it. Finally, after a weekly happy hour we decided to try it for dinner. We started with hummus and pide. It was really delicious! 

I ordered the vegetarian lachmacun platter. It consisted of a eggplant spread, chopped tomatoes, parsley, green peppers, and garlic spread  on fresh baked dough. It was also served with a purple cabbage salad. It was very tangy which balanced the flavor of the garlic.

I went back last night with some friends. We ordered a hookah with double apple. It was pretty clean which is what I look for when smoking hookah. We also ordered the hummus and pide again because it's so yummy!

I highly recommend this place, it's homey and delicious!
Food is meh, mostly I go there because it's convenient (walk back from UCLA to my apt.). I like the wowshis, although I always order the New York Strip one, so not sure how good the other ones are. I've tried several of the pita sandwiches, and they just aren't very good. The meat just isn't tasty and high quality. Oh and don't plan on sitting to eat, just three or four seats (stools by the window...)
if you look at Cedar's gyros and all the other gyro places on the AVE, Cedar's gives you more gyro for less bank. plus their special mediteranean sauce (forgot what it's called) has more flavor than the rest. i think it's kinda funny and interesting that they have a to go window you can order from right next to the door inside where you can actually sit down and eat. plus the window has a smaller menu to order from (i don't think you would want to order their enormous gyro plate if you want to eat while walking anyway). their flavor is good robust, and unique. i love the owner, he is such a nice guy! i totally reccomend this place if you are trying to find a good mediterranean place to eat when you are on the ave and starving to death from shopping.
Had the lamb shawarma. Pickles added a nice crunch. The garlic sauce was plentiful and tasty.   Wife enjoyed the chicken gyros.   The prices were cheaper than we expected.  We'll definitely be back.

Update: Went back and sampled the gyro plate and salad.  Both get a thumbs up.
SLOW AND MEDIOCRE.

I've been here 4 times and once last night around midnight.

We both ordered falafel sandwiches. They were OK compared to other ones I've had at other places. I only ate mine as I was HUNGRY. 

The guy behind the counter wasn't that friendly and they were pretty slow in making the sandwiches. 10 minutes was very fast for them, as the last few times I've been there, I've waited 20-30 minutes for my food.

It's small, so most people do take out, rather than eat there. There are benches in the square, if it's nice out.

On a PLUS SIDE, IT IS OPEN LATE and it's hours match the typical crowd coming out of bars/clubs in the area.

How to get there? It's in Central Square. Street parking, paid lots, and T.
I love this place .... though haven't been in ages, by the reviews I'm seeing on Yelp, it looks like the quality has not changed a bit!  

I would venture here mostly for the "market" part of the International Market & Grill, back when it was hard to find Armenian, Persian and Turkish ingredients and sauces to make special dishes.  

The few times I did pick up lunch I remember it being very authentic and delicious.  Not good if you are in a rush to get in & out, though, as it is a small outfit serving fresh food.  Very casual.  Very yummy.  Easy to miss this little shopping center when zooming down the hill, but stop in for a pleasant surprise!
The shawarma is very good. The pastries are very, very good. Unfortunately, I really, REALLY don't like the falafel. Maybe it's a regional thing? It's too cakey and too subtly flavored. I describe it as tasting healthy which is not good because the whole purpose of a falafel is to take a bunch of healthy stuff, then deep fry it until you've rendered it UNhealthy. I don't like the salad that comes with the plates, either. Too heavy on the cucumbers and kind of bland. I prefer Falafel King or Rami's.
The 101: meat on top of a bed of seasoned rice with sides of hummus, Greek salad, pita bread, garlic spread, and hot sauce.
That's garlic spread, not butter in the little container.
VERY reasonable prices.
I felt a little unimpressed with the food here. Okay, not all of them. I mean I liked the rotisserie chicken. They were tender, well-done, and flavorful. But I just feel like they are not much different than Costco's rotisserie chicken. And for a restaurant that is specialized in chicken, the experience felt short. 

Here's what we had;

- The rotisserie chicken (3 stars). Ordered the half chicken plate, comes with hummus, pickle salad, garlic spread, and pita bread. 

The hummus was excellent (4 stars) but the garlic spread is strange, not in a good way (2 stars). I'm very big on garlic, I like them cooked or uncooked, and on everything. while the flavor of the spread was nice and intense, the texture and appearance were unappealing . They are bleached white. The exactly same color and consistency of lard. You can't "dip" your chicken into it because its so waxy. 

- Kebab plate (2.5 stars). Got the combo of Lule Kebab and Chicken Lule. The lule was better than the chicken. The chicken was just too dry. 

- Tabbouleh salad (5 stars). They were delicious! Very fresh and flavorful with just the right amount of olive oil. I can totally live off of this with pitas alone. 

- Falafels (2 stars). We got a couple of them as a side order. They came out really dark and burnt. Biting into them, they were dry and overcooked. 

For me, Zankou chicken is kind of like one of those whatever shirt on the sales rack. You could talk yourself into it if its a good enough deal, or you can walk away and not lose a minute of sleep over it.
I would have given this place more stars, but the last two times I've gone there, I've felt rather sick a couple hours after eating it. I always get the Chicken Kabob platter with rice, tomato/cucumber salad, pita and hummus. I love their hummus -- very creamy, nice light flavor, and their pita is so fluffy. But, the chicken is always left sitting out for lord knows how long and has seemed undercooked the last two times. I tried microwaving it, but I don't think it helped. I don't think I'll be getting any meat next time. However, I do like it enough to go back and get veggie dishes. Just no undercooked, salmonella-bearing chicken please...
Amazing.  I heart the lamb shawarma, well, because I need meat in my sandwich.  It is a little grizzly as previously stated, but really good.  Cheap enough for it's large size.  Plus, this place is open wicked late.. I believe its 3 am on weekends.  Who else can say that in the Boston area?  Oh-  And the guy behind the counter is *usually* really really sweet.

My only gripe is that is kindof hard to get to by car because there is literally no parking around it for a few blocks.  Not a big deal.
Not your traditional falafel place. This is a little whole in the wall right next to Charlies Beer Garden. The best part about this place is how late they are open. I remember when I first moved here and was getting off work around 11 at night, me and my girlfriend would come here to enjoy the falafel. 

Their falafel is done none traditionally, it is wrapped and rolled together almost like a sushi roll, then wrapped in foil. Not only is this meal very portable, it is freaking delicious. How many times have you ordered falafel and ended up eating 90% of it with your fingers as your pita bread is in shambles? This never happens with the delicious falafel roll up here. They also have all kinds of middle eastern goodies, which I haven't mustered the courage to try.

If you like hot sauce, ask them to put it in the wrap for you, and be warned even for a palate like mine it was a bit spicy.
the parking at lunch can be difficult, but it's totally worth it. i went to high school right by this place, and i'm pretty sure all my non-gasoline money went to my med-cafe fund. i love this place. fast as hell, sweet garlic sauce, and vegetarian friendly. the chicken shawerma is out of this world.

if they had a restaurant version of this place, i'd definitely go to it.
I love this little place.  Expect to wait a few minutes if you just roll in and order, so I recommend calling in if you don't want to put up with the Holiday Court parking.  The house kabobs are great on the go, and I always get an extra aide of the delicious basmati rice.  Their daily specials tend to sell out by 7:30pm, so if you're really hankering for the Monday tachin, get there early or call it in.  This is easily one of my favorite places in the local area!
It's a fallafel takeout with a few tables.  Halfway between Harvard Sq. and Porter Sq. on Mass. Ave.  Nothing fancy, very inexpensive.  The first time I ate there I thought it was pretty good.  It's a mom and pop place, fairly new to the neighborhood.  The owners, who are always at the register are pretty surly.  No smiles and pretty abrupt behavior overall.  Once I requested a side of tahini to dip my fallafel wrap.  The owner very rudely said "what for?"  Extra condiments is a  big deal at this place?  Anyway, each time I have returned I always get the same treatment.  Last night the food was awful.  My wrap tasted like cardboard.  If you want really good fallafel, try Schwarma King in Coolidge Corner, Brookline.  Always fantastic.  Not as convenient for me, but from now on that's where I go.
I came here on a rainy afternoon because I heard its a nice place to eat lunch and study (or in my case write). It was a great suggestion. I sat upstairs and ordered the lamb kabob "sandwich" that comes wrapped in a pita. It was around $9 without tip -- a bit more than I'd pay for a normal lunch by myself -- but it was absolutely delicious. The lamb was tender and I licked up every bit of tahini sauce that came with it!  It even came with a small side salad!

I'll return to try to the mint coffee, which has received rave reviews.
omg, so tasty.  Do yourself a favor and order a full chicken and the big thing of garlic spread and ask for extra pita.  My only complaint would be that they don't take credit cards, but perhaps they do now since it says that in the yelp details?  Either way, go eat here.  Your belly will thank you.
Great spot for a quick, cheap, and yummy lunch. Place is small and gets crowded but service is SUPER FAST...like I just ordered and paid, and oh there's my food?! WHOA! I love to sit on the patio when its sunny outside. My usual is the chicken shawerma, which is way more than enough food for me. Love the hummus and the salad as well. Flavor of the shawerma is nice, and the meat is juicy, but my breath is definitely kickin when I go back to the office. But thanks to my trusty toothbrush, it's not that much of a problem.

The next time I go, I think I'm going to try the kebabs.
I went to Pita Pita for the first time today, and I'm sure to go back soon! 

But as for now, I can only give them 3 stars.

I walked into the place, and was quickly greeted by a kind fella who showed me to the counter to make my order. I scanned the menu for a moment and found myself interested in a plate of Soujok (Armenian Sausage.) 

So I ordered, payed the lady, and because the weather was nice and cozy, I sat outside.

I waited for just about three minutes, and soon after, the server delivered a scrumptious looking dish with eggs and onions, diced potatoes, bits of cheese, two slices of pita bread, and a chunky side of sour cream on the side to top it all off. Before I started eating, I took a moment to look at the plate, and I appreciated the size of it, as in that instant the dish appeared to me like the right meal for the right price.

But then, the potatoes weren't that great. There was nothing horrible about them, but there also wasn't anything remarkable. They were finely cut and all, but the taste was just weak. 

I got over it quick though, as I grabbed my pita bread and stuffed it full of eggs and sausage bits. I put whipped cream in there, and it looked like a delicious little monster waiting to be devoured as I held the bread in my hands.

But then, the sausage was really bad.

It didn't feel tender at all, and I don't know how it happened, but from my experience in the kitchen, its really not that hard to make sausages chewy and delightful. Something went wrong here, and even though I finished everything on the plate, I couldn't help but resent the bad Soujok, as it interfered with the tasty eggs and whipped cream!

At another joint, a meal like that added to some bad service, and I'd probably put on my Cynic hat and skip the place the next time around. But I want to give Pita Pita a chance, in part because of all the good reviews on here, but more so because of the polite service from the kind fella.

He came outside to check if everything was alright in the middle of my meal, and after I told him that it was, he wished me a good lunch. 

These days, more than ever, service rocks!
I tried the tri tip wrap this time -it was good for the first half, but the rest was soggy.  The falafel still didn't have enough flavor, they forgot my garlic sauce (but I still got charged for it), and the hummus was a few steps above a grocery store brand.  I gave Zankou a second chance, and I'm just not seeing myself going back there for an inevitable third strike.  *thumbs down*  :(
Love Falafel Corner! Finally a super cheap, super delicious option for falafel. I've eaten so much sub par Greek/Persian food that I was beginning to give up hope that anything in the area would truly appease me. Then I finally stopped in here with a friend and was totally wowed. The falafel wrap was excellent and it was wonderful to rediscover great tahini sauce. I will most definitely be returning. Often.
I was just pondering sandwiches and I remembered one of my favorites...the Middle Eastern equivalent of a sammy. My mind immediately went to the Thai Falafel at Tom's Tabooley and now I miss Austin.

Too bad they don't ship well, dem's some tasty vittles!
I was kidnapped napped and brought one eve only to discover that this place is one of the best falafel spots on the east coast. Since then it has become a mandatory destination whenever I roll through Providence. The food is great and the service has been excellent every time I have been here.
Falafel King, when it is good, really is the king.  But when it is bad, it is horrid.  I usually to order my falafel in a pita with avocado and cheese and douse it in their fresh hot sauce.  If the falafel is hot and has been freshly cooked you are in for a treat.   But you can also crap out and get one that is cold and you will find it to be disappointing.  I used to order the shawarma frequently, but now just stick exclusively to the falafel.
Algiers is delicious and possibly the last place to close in Harvard Sq at night.  Try the mint coffee or the freshly brewed tea.  It is a cozy, romantic caf that can often get looked past while people hustle and bustle down to Casa Blanca Restaurant or the Brattle Theatre. So, next time, after dinner or a movie, stop by Algiers for from mint coffee or tea.
Great cheap eats in a little easy to miss location. I tried the chicken schwarma plate and was very impressed with the portion size and quality of food. The chicken was full of flavor and not too dry and the hummus and garlic sauce were very good. Highly recommended!
My boyfriend thinks this place is a 5, so lets say 4.5.
We both moved here from NYC which has GREAT falafel, and say this ranks up there among the best.

This place is great for vegetarians/vegans (which we both are). When you say dairy free, they get you. This is nice and doesn't leave you picking cautiously through your wrap looking for yogurt sauce or crumbled cheese. 

We usually get the falafel pockets which are in more of a wrap then a pita. They're 6 bucks and pretty hefty. Definitely filling. Everything always seems really fresh and they keep the place nice and clean.
The dolma is also pretty good. Basic. Don't think they make it themselves or anything, but yummy and decently priced.
Pita chips are super yummy. Huge amount for the price and perfectly lightly salted.
Curly fries :) It's hard not to get these seasoned deep fried taters. 
The lentil soup is meh. Not bad, but not that good either.
Dolma pocket is what it is. The texture doesn't really work for me but the flavors fine.
Haven't tried anything else on the menu.

Overall its yummy, cheap, quick (even when there's a big line, they keep it moving), but definitely not a place for a 'great' sit down meal.
Algiers Coffee House is a nice place to relax. If you are frustrated with Boston because you can't find a place that has tables outside defiantly check this place out. One the second floor there is a nice terrace with half a dozen tables. The portions are generous and the servers are helpful. If I lived closer I would be a regular.
neat looking storefront, but slow service, intense heat, limited menu, and average food will prevent me from coming back.  i do have to commend them, though, because they are NOT KIDDING AROUND with their hot sauce.  my old tongue fell out of my mouth after i ate there and i have since grown a new one.
Delish!  I love Falafel Palace!  Enough Said!

There is a reason why there is always a line outside the door during peak hours and at 2 am in the morning.  Falafel Sandwich is the way to go! The Chicken Shwarma and Lamb Shwarma is good too.  Its a pretty small restaurant, so be prepared to feel squeezed in....but well worth it :)
I've been coming here since it was in the old Pasadena mall, always consistent with their great tasting food and super, I mean SUPER QUICK service!  It takes approximately 4.3 seconds from the time you order your food to when they have it ready on the tray for you to enjoy!  

My favorite here is the Chicken Shawerma plate, and their house made hot sauce and garlic sauce add to the experience!
Yum yum yum. Resonable prices and friendly service.

My favorites: 
The falafel tabouleh sandwich
I always ask for extra tahini and am given it without question or charge.

The homemade lemonade
I will go in just for this cheap drink delight. It's made with rose water and, if you go in for rose water, is fantastic.
I don't know why Yelp keep deleting reviews for this restaurant. Seems very shady.
I love ethnic food.
One thing I love about Purdue is it has so many different kinds of food. I haven't really eaten Middle Eastern food a lot, but I loved this place when I was at Purdue. Chicken and Labm Biryani are always my go-to menus.
This place is a good option for vegetarians in Troy.  I went with a group of 9 folks for lunch one day and the waitress was only able to thinly veil her disdain for us.  Granted, we did have one person who was on a gluten-free, dairy-free diet asking all sorts of questions, but the rest of us were pretty laid back.  The hummus and yogurt sauce and bread were all very good.  The bread is made in an open-fire oven and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  Nothing else i had was very memorable like the babaganoush or stuffed grape leaves... I think that the prices are a little high, but I'll probably be back only because I'm spending the summer in town and Troy doesn't have that many other options, especially up the hill.
Got some schwarma to go. It tasted pretty good but overpriced. I felt cheated.

Place is small but looks fairly clean. Would try again.
Excellent food. Best Lebonese food you can get. Lots of variety and good prices.  The owner runs the place and does a good job of it. I highly recommend.
If I I was just reviewing the upstairs, I'd give 4 stars easy. I love the way that part of the club feels, small but warm and fun. Not terribly cramped most times, but crowded enough to feel full. A great place to see a lesser known band and have a few beers. 
Downstairs though- yech. Unless you're 6'2" (which you probably are, and standing directly in front of me) you won't be able to see jack. It's a long, narrow room, which feels like a death trap. Since they draw relatively popular acts, the room is usually packed to the gills. I've never gotten a drink here because navigating the room is more trouble than it's worth. Plus, if you find a spot with a view, you won't want to abandon it. The bathrooms are gross, I always expect to find someone passed out or puking in the sink, and sometimes do. 
If a band is playing downstairs, I skip it unless I absolutely love them and know they won't be playing elsewhere in the area. Upstairs is a different story though, that's a pretty good place to see a local band or discover your new favorite band. And you might actually be able to see them, unlike the downstairs room.
Heidar Baba is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Pasadena.  I must say this place introduced me to Persian cuisine.  I just love their food.

My favorites here are the Barg and the Lamb Kebobs.  Both are terrific.  The meat is always perfectly cooked.  It comes with a lot of Basmati rice.  I just love the way that rice is cooked.  Some people may think all rice taste the same but I beg to differ.  Since I've eaten rice all my life, I can say theirs is one of the best I've tried.  The food comes with so much rice that you can hardly finish it unless you're really hungry.  There are also some vegetables like a superbly grilled tomato.

You get a choice of either soup or salad with when you order their main dishes.  I always get the soup and that is the first time I've ever tried Barley soup (the only soup they have as far as I know), which I think is really good.  It helps keep the hunger at bay while they prepare your food, which sometimes takes a while since the meat is still being grilled.  I've never waited more than 20 minutes for my food though.  The shortest time I've waited was probably just 10 minutes.  

You also get some common appetizers from Persian restaurants like the onion, radish, bread, etc.  They're okay.

I've once tried their raspberry chocolate ice cream for dessert and that was a great experience.  If only I have always room for dessert after eating here, I would probably always ge that.

Heidar Baba's menu prices are comparable to similar restaurants.  Not as cheap but not that expensive either.  Pretty fair, in my opinion.

Now I come to the part why I only gave four stars.  As noticed, I really like this place.  However, I will admit that I am disappointed with their service.  I don't think my standards for customer service are too high.  I expect not necessarily warm, but at least a polite reception from the servers.  Some of the servers are quite nice and very helpful but some, unfortunately, are quite rude as well.   But I suppose there will always be bad apples anywhere.  I highly value customer service in any establishment but since I've really had no bad experiences, except minor irritations with some of the servers, I will continue to patronize Heidar Baba because of their terrific food.  

Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.  Food is great and if you can overlook the rudeness of some employees, then it will be a dining experience you will want to repeat.
Massive enough to feed two, the pockets are tasty, well constructed, and an amazing value. The perfect street food.

I love that the friendly guys behind the counter expect you to customize your order, and will patiently give you advice on how to do it. Note that the hot sauce is not actually that hot, but does add a certain something to your wrap.

The oft-overlooked baklava is quite good, not dripping in honey like so many versions, but rather elegant, tasting mostly of nuts and crunchy phyllo.
Keep this place in your back pocket.
Show it to those who you trust.
Don't expect miracles, like you might find at EGG (see next review)
But be happy you can afford to tip well the meals are that cheap.
(Two people, 10$, no joke)
Yes. Dirty. Greasy. Even sticky table top. But they are so nice. They took care of our large and baby studded brunch with charm.
I'm sorry, but this place was disappointing. The chicken was dry and the pilaf was just plain okay. After reading all of the rave yelp reviews, I was expecting something more. I much prefer Janet's in Duarte, which has juicy chunks of beef and an amazingly seasoned rice pilaf. I suppose Mediterranean Cafe's Pasadena location helps it out quite a bit as Duarte is not the coolest city in SGV.
Stopped in here on a whim with some friends this week. I got a fish wrap (can't remember the name). It was a great flavor and the perfect level of spiciness. The man and woman working were friendly, and we chatted with another customer who's a regular. Can't wait to come back!
We love Ali Baba, and despite our fear that all of  you will start going there and make it crowded, we'll let you in on why.

First, the place is not fancy.  Service is great and the staff is very polite and accomodating.  Great for familiy, large groups, etc.

Favortes are the eggplant salad (roated eggplant), the salad sampler (we get ours with chemen, ajuka, ezme, red peppers, roasted eggplant, and eggplant salad).  Greek salad is great too, as is the accompanying lavash.

Curry chicken is great, as is the veal guvech, eggplant kebab, etc.

Worth a trip to Troy.  Give it a try.
Excellent food, friendly service.
One-of-a-kind in Boston! You've gotta try it all!
I go here for lunch and occasionally dinner. Nice people and always good quality. The food is fresh and consistent. Not much for ambiance but its the food we're there for. The bread is amazing, and the service is always friendly. In terms of upstate ethnic food, this is a must go!!!
Want some amazing pita bread??? COME HERE!  I can literally just live on this bread (well, not really, but you get my point).  Anyway, I came here the other night to hang out with my buddy whom I haven't seen in a while.  I'm so glad he suggested this place because my boyfriend has been objecting to any and every type of Mediterranean food :( 

Anyway, what's not to miss here: Tavuk (Chicken) Sis Kebab - this plate of delicious, all-white meat chicken breast kebab is grilled to perfection and served with chick-pea rice and a small salad.  Very tasty and delicious.  Another kebab to try out is their Tavuk (Chicken) Adana Kebab, which is chopped chicken breast with Turkish seasoning.  Again, grilled to perfection and served over chickpea rice and a small salad.  I always ask for their hot sauce here to mix with my rice and meat (whatever hot sauce they use is awesome!).

If you're trying to be somewhat cheap... order their Lahmacun (it's like a chopped lamb meat pizza) that only costs you $3.99!!!!  It's actually a decent order too and it's very good.  I usually order that with their "soup of the day" which is usually their lentil soup (for $3.69) and that soup is soooooo yummy.... I am trying to recreate it at home!  The Lahmacun also comes with a small side salad so you're really getting a 3 course entree by ordering these two items.  I know... I know... I'm awesome! haha.

The staff here is super friendly.  Parking can be an issue.  Since this place is pretty small, the parking at the front is not ideal.  You could potentially get blocked in by someone else.  However, the staff will help you find the owner of the vehicle so they can let you out.  I usually try to park in the parking lot by Baker's St (I know I'm not supposed to, but oh well).  

Their patio seating is ideal for good weather, unless you want to avoid smokers.  

Overall, I really like this place and would highly recommend it!
Went to Byblos last night for the first time in a while. Boy have they changed! Unfortunately not for the better. I went with a group of four and had one of them call early in the day to make a reservation. He was informed that they don't take reservations but they took his name and what time we expected to arrive and told him that when we got there that we would be put on top of the waiting list. When we arrived the moron at the front door had no clue as to what was going on. We walk up and tell him that we have a reservation. He told us that they don't take reservations and told us there was only room at the bar. When we asked how long the wait to get upstairs was the dumbass told us "there is no wait, its full". Ok is there a wait or not? Lol We decide to go to the bar and have a drink and wait a bit. We then asked the cool bartender what the deal was and he went upstairs to find out for us. He came back and re us that all the tables were currently reserved and that it would be about an hour for us to get up there. RESERVED!?!?!?!?!?! WTF I thought they didn't take reservations. But we decided it would be more fun to roam around Thayer while we waited. Came back an hour later to the same stuck up clueless doorman. He still had no idea what was going on. We were re that it would be another hour before we could get upstairs. It would have been midnight by the time we got in. So we gave in and just sat at the bar. As we were walking in a group of girls walks up and captain clueless at the door asks them how many in the party and tells them to go right upstairs. WTF!!!!!!! W.e. Our night gets better when we sat down and were quicokly attended to. Then we got shot down again. The once full page list of hookah flavors has been reduced to about 5 or 6. They still had my go-to blueberries so I was content. We got blueberry and mango. The blueberry was awsome as always but the mango wasn't very.....mangoy??? Lol. We had a good time and smoked our hookahs until the coals were dust, about an hour and a half. At 18 dollars a hookah its a little pricey but its about the same as other hookah lounges in Providence. We had fun after we got seated. The bartender and our server were awsome and attentive. The music was bumping and the drinks flowed. Over all the guy at the door and the minimal flavor list has made my high regards for byblos go up in smoke. Lol smoke joke.I used to love coming here but I think I'll be looking for a new hookah lounge.
This is the only Turkish restaurant I've been to and it is THE BEST ONE. Turkish food is very similar to Mediterranean food with gyros, kebabs, pita, and such. 

The atmosphere is very cozy with inside and patio seating. The servers are all Turkish or from the Mediterranean region, so it's not like a Japanese restaurant with a bunch of Chinese people serving you. They are all really nice and take the time to explain what everything is on the menu. 

I usually get Tavuk (chicken) or Adana (lamb) kebabs. The kebabs have just the right amount of flavor and comes with rice/chickpeas and salad with pickled purple cabbage (really good!).

Great food, despite the limited amount of parking spots. Sometimes you have to double park, or you can just park in the bigger lots across the street in front of Black Walnut Cafe and walk over.
So delicious.  Seriously tasty! The kebabs are cooked to perfection and the rice is lip smacking good.  Love the salad.  Hummus is pretty good.  I personally love the hummus from Sunnin more, but overall I think the kebabs here are even better.  YUM!
Almost choked on the falafel sandwich, but then almost being stabbed by sword wielding bellydancer saves night, gets place three stars...then see bill-$11 for shitty appetizer. 2 stars ;( The worst falafel I have ever had.
Amazing chicken curry!

Sometimes all you need is one good thing to enter happy land.  LIfe can be simple like that.
J-Garden is not intended for the claustrophobic. Fair warning. That being said it is tasty.

I really liked my lentil soup here. It has wonderful flavor on its own but add a little hot sauce and lemon and it is utter magic. It's plenty filling but I added a small plate of falafel. For a traditional falafel this made me very happy. The plate had a bit of garlicy hummus for dip which added a nice zip. I was very pleased with everything. 

My friend is hooked on the vegetarian stuffed grape leaves and mjaddara plate. She got a bit of tabbouli with it. I swapped samples with her and liked both the mjaddara and tabbouli but the grape leaves did nada for me. Sadly this is usual with me, I think I just will never be a big fan of grape leaves. 

I had to get dessert in here, it has been awhile since I had crispy nuttiness. I love a nice piece of burma and this made me quite happy. My friend was enthusiastic about her baklava choice too. 

I would definitely come back, off hours though as it seems too popular and too small.
When coworkers said Mediterranean place, i thought, god i hope i can get chicken. 

Little did I know how much I'd enjoy my chicken shaved off the giant rotisserie thing.  Oh my, the spicy chicken was amazing.  So good.  and I could get it w/ rice, awesome.  Pretty much all i want in a meal.  

The only thing I didn't care for, was the salad / hummus that also came on the plate.  Aceituna just give me meat and rice please!  if you do this I'll never leave your side.

Generous portions.  Really good chicken.  Actual breasts not processed white meat from au bon pan, cosi, etc.    It's definitely a place to be a regular at.
The restaurant is kinda cozy and kind of got a flashback to the cozy restaurants in New York City. But as for the food, I got their hummus, falafal, and rice pilaf combo and was instantly a fan! Definitely coming back here again!
This place is soo good. I just moved to Pasadena and found this place on Yelp. I go here often now when I'm too tired to cook. I normally get either a plate or a gyro, the meal is light but very filling and under $10. The place is clean and I think the owner  works their only because every time i walk in there is an older man taking the order. It makes you feel like no mistakes will be made when you order and so far none have. 

I am allergic to dairy and they knew exactly what to fix on my plate so that I would not have traces of cheese or dairy. They are so quick, too. The parking is a little confusing, there is a private lot but you have to pay or there is sometimes 1 hour parking near the back of the lot. Either way, by the time you finish ordering, your food is already sitting in front of you bagged and ready to go. They are sooo fast!
I've been here quite a few times, so I was surprised to see I haven't reviewed it yet. Well...the lunch special has a special place in my heart. It is a stone's throw away from my bf's lab, so we end up eating there a lot. Sometimes people get confused about the ordering system, and sometimes I forget I'm vegetarian. I like their combos better than their pita/fries/drink special though. Yum, hum(mus). Sorry, had to make it rhyme. I would say this is a greasy spoon cafe, and not to expect a whole lot in terms of ambiance and decor...not to mention, it is next to campus so they're trying to draw in the college crowd (staying open til the wee hours being one of their ploys...I'm not complaining).
Let me start off by saying that I will NEVER come here again and this is why you should never come too.  

I hardly ever give any place 1 Star, but Habibi Cafe wins the grand prize of being the most shadiest, the most unpleasant and overpriced place in LA.

Let's start off by the inconsistent prices. We were originally told that this place is $20 per person, but after explaining that we only wanted Hookah, they said they could drop it down to $10 per person. A nice gesture indeed, but the whole scene just looked a bit odd. We wanted to sit inside so that we could hear the music better, but the guy said that the place is reserved for dinner guests only. ($20 per person people.) Note that there was barely anyone in the cafe. We also saw a sign that said $30 dollar person. (Strange). We had to sit outside. 

The menu says $14 per hookah, but in reality it is $16 dollars per hookah. Please update your menus! I was most irritated by this. 

If you want water you MUST purchase bottled water. There is no tap water available. A bottled water is $2.50. Can someone please explain to me why this is the case? Are you really trying to make an easy buck off the water? I also ordered a Cafe Latte which was barely drinkable for $3.50. 

The hookah was harsh in about 2.5 seconds. Puff Puff Cough your lungs out and wait 3 hours until someone comes over to fix it. 

The heaters were all over the place. They had heating lamps and heaters at the very top that would be put on extremely high heat, but once they turned them off it became cold. I felt they had no idea how to set-up the heaters to make it a pleasant environment.

We received the bill for about 60 dollars. They added 5 dollars and 8 dollars to the bill which I later learned were the tax and tip. Please label what these numbers are in the future. We asked if we could split the bill across 3 cards. He said he can only do it for 2 cards. Why can you split the bill on 2 Cards and not 3 Cards? I understand that most places have a policy of not splitting the bill across multiple cards, but usually they either say YES or No. NOT  "I can only split it on 2 cards". 

The ambiance is mediocre at best and judging by the reviews on the food it seems foul as well. 

Any request we had came with a big BUT. You can have this but for this extra price, you can sit here but not there. 

In all, I had a regrettable experience coming here. I'm glad most of the YELP community agrees. I really liked our hookah fixer-upper lady (woman with the beanie). She was the only one who seemed kind, reasonable and funny. Thanks for keeping me sane while I was spending my evening here.
The biggest hurdle to get over with Pita Pita is that place doesn't look appetizing. I will admit to walking by this place for over a year before I actually decided to go in and try it. 

What is not to like about falafel, hummous, etc.. and this place does a very tasty job of putting it all together. 

I love their homemade pita chips and make sure to ask for a small cup of their ginger hot sauce (which can be purchased to take home) it is amazing! 

The baklava is simply wonderful as is the doll house sized cup of coffee you can get to go with it. 

Great place to fill your tank.
wow. this place is insanely delicious. i've tried the shawerma chicken wrap, lamb kebab plate, and beef kebab plate, all of which was delicious. My favorite was the wrap. I just have this thing with wraps. All their meats are wonderfully seasoned and tender. 

this place is so good. so addicting. and kinda cheap.
Their chicken kabob plate is so perfect for a tasty lunch. We regularly choose Mediterranean Cafe for lunch and drive the 10 minutes from San Marino to pick it up. Any one of us would gladly wait in their ever present line out the door to grab bags full of food to bring back to our store to chow down on. I think I know where I'm going to be tomorrow around noon!
(See pic)

Sunrise Deli in Sunset.

Instead of eating at one of the Asian eateries, I found this clean, neat, bright red and yellow deco place that just stands out like a bright kid standing there quietly, waiting to be discovered.

I had the chicken kabab platter that came with 2 sides (I picked dolmas and tabouli) with pickled turnips, olives and stripped onions.

The food is very fresh as you can see them keep on making tabouli and bringing it out from the kitchen while people stream in and out of the place. The chicken is perfectly seasoned and not overwhelm your taste bud. The olives are subtle and did not take over the main plate. Dolmas are perfectly firm with the perfect scent of grape leaves.

Now the bonus part is the Turkish coffee that is served in a lovely demitasse cup! While it did not have foam on top, and that I already had a cup of Blue Bottle and a cup of Henry's (House of Coffee) cap earlier, which was totally over my regular daily consumption, this just made it as a high note of the day. The undercurrent of cardamom danced around the coffee, leaving my lips happy with the ginger feel. The coffee itself was on the lighter side.

The service is very friendly but also quiet-- no crazy music or TV like many other eateries, my absolute like.

While some places might have screaming good food, Sunrise has this surprisingly refreshing, crisp, pick-me-up sensation! Definitely feel like sunrise after the meal.
This place is awesome.  Delicious, juicy chicken and the most amazing garlic butter.  You will never leave hungry!
These guys sustain me!  

I fell in love with chicken shawarma when traveling in Syria in the mid 90s and until I found Moody's, I hadn't  found a reasonable approximation here Stateside.  The sandwich is well balanced with the rotisserie chicken, sauce, and most importantly, pickles!  The key ingredient is the pickles!

One of these days I might try something else on the menu, but for now, the shawarma is all I need!
When I want a quick, tasty lunch, I go to Mediterranean Cafe. It really is quick -- the food is ready by the time I finish paying. The chicken shawerma is wonderfully tender and flavorful. The garlic sauce adds some kick, and the hummus is smooth and tastes great, not too salty like some other places make it. I think it's the best Mediterranean food I've had in Pasadena, even compared to Zankou. 

The negatives are the hours and the limited seating. Lunchtime can be very crowded, so arrive early or late to get a seat. This place closes at 7pm on weeknights, so if you want dinner, get there early! On Saturdays it closes at 3pm, and it's closed on Sundays.
Great customer service, great food, and best of all for a great price. Just wish the soda machine would be fully functional.
What's weird is how certain Zankou locations taste better than others.  I typically stick with the tarna wrap which is tasty but pretty pricey.  We had some leftover garlic spread so I decided to pick up a rotisserie chicken from costco along with some pita bread.  After a quick 10 minutes of deboning the chicken, we had a homemade tarna like chicken wrap.  Went back to pick up an 8 oz container of the garlic spread and found out it was $3.99 but damn is that spread tasty.  Now I can make my own wraps at home for a fraction of the cost.  Now all that is left is to just figure out how they make the garlic spread.
Awesome mom-and-pop middle eastern "fast food."  The friendly owners are Syrians (the mom is warm and chatty, while the pop projects a certain paternal gruffness (in a good way)).

Both the babaganoush and the hummus are good. Of the wraps, I like the falafel, the grape leaves, and the lamb. 

They also have fruit smoothies (the mango is good, the peach is not bad either). 

Aside from Mondays, this place totally obviates the need for Aladdin's.
This is one of the best middle eastern restaurants in the DC area and just so happens, to be at STAMP. I'm 34 and used to go to school at Maryland, but find myself more often than not, getting on my bicycle and traveling all the way from Berwyn Heights to the Univ. just to get me some Joojeh chicken (make sure to order w/ white rice for the ultimate experience!). I love Moby Dick so much and used to go there a lot in DC in Georgetown when I was growing up there, and just want to reiterate, I love this place! And I am very picky wen it comes to middle eastern food and the meats/foods chosen, etc...
Me: (points to little white container) "That must be the bombdiggity garlic sauce everyone raves about!"
(opens container) thinks: That don't look right. 
Friend reads my thoughts " That looks like Lard!" 
me thinking - that does look like frickin Lard
the dude " MMmmm Lard!!!" slather slather slather...

Don't get me wrong, i'm not a lard hater. I've had many delicious meals cooked in lard before. But after a few slabs of it on my food, i was done. (Blasphemy i know!) When i opened the container, i was for some reason expecting to see a buttery, flowy liquidy sauce i'd pour over my chicken!!! This sauce was stiff, matted and pasty.

Lucy Y assured me later though that no Lard is involved (they use potatoes and oil), despite the looks of it. Nonetheless it was tasty, but I much rather enjoyed my moist chicken and that fantastic perfectly crispy skin and yummy pita drowned in the fabulous hummus. Tri-Tip wrap was pretty yum. 

Garlic sauce lovers, don't hate me... this just means more sauce for you!!! Still a fan. Highly recommend the dark chicken plate!
I tried this place out for the first time thanks to Scoutmob. The food is pretty good and the service was excellent. The owner was very friendly and helped us out with the menu. You get a lot of food for the price too. Give this place a try!
I don't know what people are talking about when they say the food is just mediocre. It's amazing! Always quick, always fresh, and the people working there are great--funny and courteous. I've tried many shwarmas many places/countries and this is definitely one of the best!
Well...my friends are definitely fans and have dragged me here many a time.  Sometimes I have fully enjoyed myself, other times not so much.  It depends entirely on the DJ.  I would highly recommend finding out who is spinning on the night you want and learning what stuff they play.  In general, the music can be a bit electro/1970s/strange.  The space and drinks work for me though.  Like other central square hot spots the line can be prohibitively long and slow.
The falafels here are amazing. They're perfectly fried, such that they're tender on the inside and so crispy on the outside. They're oh so cheap, but oh so good. I usually would just grab a half dozen for $2 before class. The walnut baklava is really delicious as well.
Today was my first time there, but the sandwich I got was delish! The waitress was super friendly and helpful, and I didn't have to wait long at all. I was surprised that I was treated so courteously after I found out that my party had already finished eating before I arrived (even more reason to give this place a great review!).
Overpriced. Food is hit or miss.
Went here for lunch with a couple of friends. Actually grabbed some food and ate it outside on some benches, which was really nice on a sunny day. However, a few points to note around takeout. First, the chicken shawarma is amazing after 15 minutes, maybe even better than right away because all the flavors mix together into a delicious mess. However, the falafel (and maybe this is obvious) - not great after 15 minutes. Gets a little soggy. And finally, I know people rave about the lamb shawarma on this site, but the meat was a little tough. The chicken one was much, much better. Maybe hit or miss.
I guess, in sum, if taking it away from the restaurant, pick the chicken shawarma. If eating there, go for either that or the falafel. But for $5 each, who can be unhappy?
Typical hole-in-the-wall late night falafel place. Pretty good falafel, esp. with hot sauce and extra tahini. A savior when after-work drinks turned into many more drinks and no substantive food. Speedy. Cheap. Tasty. Right next to the T. Open really late. Need I say more?

(And though I steal this from the wall of an equally-teeny falafel shop in Santa Cruz, CA, I sometimes pretend that I work in environmental politics because of the following quote: "Save the Earth. It's the only planet with falafel" and think of it every time I come in here, especially after a long day at work)
I'd describe it as good Mediterranean fast food.  Falafel, hummus, that sort of thing.

Don't expect a fancy restaurant.. this is fast food.  But it's really good fast food!  (Claremont's rejection of fast food chains has resulted in several great alternative fast food places in the village area.)
I was obsessed with this place when I lived in Boston this past summer.

They've got excellent falafel for the price (it's the only thing I ever got there). Bottom line. I like how it comes in a handy little package too. Open late and the inside of the store is small and cute.

I would highly recommend paying this place a visit!
It's cheap, the food is pretty good, and the service is amazing. The family that runs it treats you like a friend, and will constantly bring out new food for you to try, for free. My favorite lunch place in Troy.
its cheap. its fast. its filling and pretty yum.

wah wah just ask for no pickels and extra tahini and then its awesome.
If I could give seven stars to this glorious, nondescript, little truck I would. 

There is no better falafel than Rami's...A one of a kind experience, not just a meal on wheels. If you think you know Philly food, and have never been to Rami's, then you don't know shit about the cuisine of our fair city.

It is more addictive than any drug, more seductive than any woman. Have been going here for more than a decade and the hardest thing is to eat just one.

For all the bile in my stomach when I think of Penn, this is one of the only reasons that I return. The food is prepared with pure love and a smile. Rami is a true gentleman and his charming voice can pick me up on the worst days.

Rami's = Happy

Make the trip to University City, ignore the Penn kids as best you can, and experience a true gem in the streets of Philly. Better than any cheesesteak, Steven Starr bullshit restaurant, or one of the seventy two, new, over rated, over priced, over annoying steak houses in Center City.

Don't fake the funk! If you go once, you will return....
Great restaurant!  I loved the falafel sandwich--I would definitely go back.  I want to try the regular baklava; the tubes weren't my favorite--were they cashews?  They were 5-stars from my kids, though.
Excellent for a quick weekday lunch: fast and fresh food and  easy on the pocketbook. The name pretty much covers the menu: shwarma, hummus, beef or chicken kabob, grape leaves, tabouli. My personal favorite is the chicken kabob and I usually swap out the Greek salad with tabouli. This place gets a five instead of four stars because their skewers are consistently fresh, like really.
Great atmosphere ... love the upstairs with the high ceilings.  Great location in an historic building.  The food I had was tasty if on the oily side and the iced coffee was very nice.  Price high, but service accommodating and no pressure, so you really could hang out here for hours working on that dissertation.
They've got a small menu, but really their shawarma can't be beat. They stuff a pita chock full of good stuff including gyros meat, fried chips, and lettuce. The meat is a little gristly, but that's part of the experience. Also, they provide plenty of hot sauce and smother the entire concoction in some tasty tzatziki. Go with friends, and be sure to get extra napkins.
How cheap is this place for the quality? So cheap! I ordered the Eggs Florentine which is basically the vegetarian Eggs Benedict. So, instead of putting ham on your English muffins, they load your plate with roasted mixed veggies and potatoes, and they normally smash spinach between the muffin and the egg, but the E. Coli scare has temporarily removed the leaf from the dish. The hollandaise sauce was so rich and creamy, and while the eggs weren't as juicy as I would normally like, I still walked away feeling very very satisfied. The place gets very busy, but the two staff members who bus and serve tables are excellent. They work themselves into a sweat to accomodate ones needs. The most impressive thing about Brookline Lunch, which you may not know, is that they make their own jam. Yes, and this morning they had a banana nutmeg sort of jam. It was absolutely delish, and they also give you a side of sour and hot relish to go with your eggs. How original? The coffee is a little on the thin side, but it does the job, and the water is filled to the brim about five times in one sitting. The best part about the experience is that I only paid five dollars for a fresh, satisfying, and authentic breakfast. Way to go B.L! By the way, Brookline Lunch is not in Brookline, but in Cambridge on Brookline St.
Great Turkish food. Ordered the lahmacun and ezme salad and neither disappointed. The waitresses messed up our orders three times but when they finally got the orders right - it made the wait worth it.

They also have outdoor seating so it does make for a great people watching of the crowds around the restaurant.
after 5, they have the dinner deal: a falafel, side, and drink costs about 8 bucks.  you can also choose to have chicken or beef, with a side and drink which will cost 10 bucks.  

my falafel was alright, although there were some that were so hard, i had trouble biting into it.  the sauce was slightly spicy, the portions were just the right amount.  it filled me up FAST!  i ordered a side of babaganoush (or you can choose fries), and i had tons left over and an entire extra pita bread.  it's nothing i would absolutely crave but it's not bad if you're super hungry and in the area.

there's much better food in nyc and the upper west side than this.
My friend had suggested the place long before I moved to Pasadena years ago, and now I am doing the same for my friends.  The place is always packed no matter when I go.  A good sign!  The bread (I'm sure there is a more authentic name for it) with garlic hummus is to die for!  Although the garlic is strong and you cannot get rid of the smell for days, it's still worth it...I think.  The chicken wrap is surprisingly meaty and loaded with juicy tastey chicken meat...mmmm...
Earlier this week, I was helping my company organize food for a department-wide Greek-Middleastern themed potluck lunch/fundraiser for a community in Malawi that's been devestated by AIDS. At that time, because only a few people had signed up to make food, we were worried that there wasn't going to be enough food. So, I called Aladdin and placed an order for $100 of different kinds of gyro meat (chicken, lamb/beef). Not only was the food gone in a few minutes, but they helped us raise $100s of dollars for a greatly underserved community. Thanks so much for coming through for us, Aladdin! We'll definitely be back!
I miss this place so much from my college days. One of my all-time favorite sandwich, hummus, tabbouli, middle eastern food restaurants.  I used to bring all my out-of-town friends here for a meal, and every single one gave two thumbs up to both the food and ambience.
I was celebrating nye 2010 in boston..so my memory may not be the sharpest. But one things for sure is that I definitely enjoyed this place!

My friend and I were walking around Boston trying to find a place to eat and get warm away from the 14 degrees and snow! He yelped this and the rest was history...

Food wise- I honestly don't remember what I had since it was over a year ago. But what I do remember having was their hot chocolate. This was awesome. Just the right amount and balance of sweetness and the ratio of whip cream on top. Quite tasty and comforting on a chilly winter night.

Interior design wise- this place is so cute and a bit small, but quaint. Reminds me of a cross between Aladdin meets Central Park cafe from Friends. It's a two story building and we sat on the first floor. What i loved most was the view from where we sat. We were able to look up the stairway to the ceiling, the architectural design and patterns were exquisite.

Thanks Yelp for the good find!
Just went here today for lunch after deciding to go somewhere that was Yelped.  Parking is great..2hrs free in the back.  Got there at 11:00..little joint with some tables on the inside and then some more on the front patio.  I got the chicken kebab/kebob plate and a diet coke for $8 and something.  Comes with 2 skewers of chicken, rice pilaf, small greek salad, hummus, one pita.  Tasty overall but the chicken was already pre-cooked..obviously to deal with the lunch crowd.  It was good but the Zankou's chicken kebab is MUCH better as far as quality as they don't cook it until you order it..it's just jucier..the chicken kebab at MC was very dry..but good for lunch overall.
You come here for the scene, to read, and to have tea - NOT (as I learned) to eat. The lamb kebab with couscous was disappointing - overpriced, but only because it was dry and bland, and the service was aloof. I returned a few days later with the books. This time, I ordered mint tea, which was all right, and the bassbousa (or harissa), which was too syrupy. Yes, it is overpriced, the food is disappointing, and the service lacking. But it is beautiful. Ah, objectification?!  I did try to somehow find this place's soul, but I couldn't.
Don't eat here if you don't plan on ever coming back - the yogurt dressing is CRACK and you will crave it...  GREAT FOOD!
Great reliable food, but a 15 dollar minimum on credit and debit with everything on your menu under 10 bucks, come on!
This place is cheap and has always been good.  Expect to wait for a bit at peak times.  There is very little room inside; it can be hard to find a seat and even if you do, you will feel crowded.  
I swear that this place has the best cheap falafel in the Boston area.  
Great late night food, open til 3am on weekends!
I decided to come here since I was going to the Bridge for a movie (which is kitty korner from this place).  I ordered a falafel platter and my friend ordered a chicken kebab platter. 

Positives:  My falafel platter was pretty good. The falafel balls were warm and not too dry and the salad was fresh.  I loved that the fries still had their potato skins on and the pita was soft and fluffy (though not whole wheat).  

Negatives: Unfortunately I thought it was ridiculous that for the side salad, you could only pick two ingredients.  Since when is a salad composed of only two items?  It was also obvious the server behind the cash register did not want to be there as she was not friendly and rushed our order.  Oh, I forgot to mention that my friend's chicken kebab was mostly burned.  

Despite the great location, I prefer Mama's falafel (20th and market) any day.
This used to be my favorite chicken place for the last ten years. Just went about a month ago, the price jumped to $10.95 a Tarna plate, no kidding right? The portion was still the same and worst yet, the chicken tasted very bland. For $10.95 I could go to Home Town Buffet, or the new Golden Corral and I can have over 100 items.

Worst yet, I used to frequent the Zankou in Montebello, the last five times it was sooo sooo salty. So I decided to send an email to the headquarter how salty it was. Guess what, never heard back from Zankou that was like six months ago.

This is just a typical case of a company doesn't give a sh*t about their customers, just keep raising the price and serve lesser quality food. Don't let greed bite your ass. Guess what you lost two customers, my wife complained about their quality of the food too, not just me.  If people ask me about Zankou I will tell them, save their money and go other places. It wasn't just one experience, it was the last six experiences. By the way it took like 20 mins. if not more to get a Tarna plate.

Is not like they are the ONLY chicken restaurant in the whole universe. I will never visit another Zankou again, for $10.95 I am paying for bland chicken, two pita bread and salty hummus, I can have a full meal with 100 items at HTB and GC for about the same price with better service.

If they want to rob me with these unedible chicken just tell me, I will be glad to donate the $10.95 to their retirement fund and they can keep their own horrible chicken. It will be my pleasure to treat them, they can taste what kind of chicken they are selling, and feeding their customers.
I went there with my girlfriend a few weeks ago for lunch and we both love their lamb dishes. I think the portions are great and the price is reasonable. It is a welcome change from the subway,chipotle, pizza hut, and chinese food that populate Green street.
Seeing shows here is always able to induce memories. Latest shows seen include Busdriver and Sunset Rubdown. The crowd there is generally a bit too into their "i'm too hip for everyone" attitude, so go with friends. I have many times tried to strike up conversation only to be stared at as though I had a growth protruding from my neck. Actually, I did. It was my head. Unfortunately, the kids today are unfamiliar with the term "friendly banter".

Despite the crowds, I always have fun, however. What saves it from 3 stars is that they offer the option to buy tickets at the box office - sans the horrid charges TicketMaster seems to apply for no good reason other than to disallow these kids without cash to spare a place to go other than the seedy underbelly of Cambridge nightlife. Actually, it doesn't have one. We can imagine, though.
First Yelp review and I think you already know why. 

I'm in Harvard Square everyday on my way home from work. I've passed this place for the past 4 years, but never stopped in. However, now that they're on levelup, I thought I'd give the place a shot.

Absolutely terrible. I ordered the Lamb Shawarma and it was all beef. Even worse, the beef was fatty and tough. The Shawarma was messy, but I wouldn't have minded had it tasted good. This was one of the worst "meals" I've ever had, and need less to say, I won't be returning.
Yummy lamb gyro and fresh squeezed mango juice close to Columbia University. It's a win-win!
In the absence of any decent food options around Kendall Square, this place is probably the best for takeout and fast food. I've never deviated from the Beef Shawarma, but it's pretty damn good Shawarma - moist, tender, flavorful. Love their tahini sauce and baklava, too. Beware the long line out to the door during the 12-1 lunch rush, but the service is always friendly any time of day.
Great value, healthy and open late!

Get the wowshi if you want to get your dollar's worth - it's a bigger, better value. I split a chicken wowshi and grilled mushrooms with a friend. Chicken was excellent - juicy and moist. They did not skimp on the mushrooms, which were also very moist and flavorful. The shell was crisp and tasty.

Wide variety of condiments at the salad bar! So many options that I was a bit overwhelmed. Definitely going to have to keep coming back here and trying new combinations to figure out what's best. But I really liked the tahini on my chicken. 
Tip - layer your sauces so that you don't end up with a ton on top of bottom, and try to mix your meat so that you don't eat a bunch of salad and then a bunch of meat at the end.

Also tried the falafel with hummus.. This was was my first time eating falafel. The falafel texture was good, but I guess it wasn't really for my palate. I was very surprised that falafel was such a bright green color inside! Didn't like the hummus. Maybe I've gotten spoiled with my flavored hummuses, but I found the one here (which comes in a dispenser like ketchup) was bland and tasteless.
I love coming into Sunrise Deli and picking up some falafel and tahini as a quick snack if I have an hour in between classes.  It does feel really hot inside sometimes, but the falafel is always fresh and you will be satisfied.  There are a few tables for you to sit in, but it is a deli so don't expect any waiter service or anything!

I once bought a carton of babaghanuj to take home and it was terrible!  If I hadn't watched the man behind the counter fill it myself, I wouldn't believe it was babaghanuj.  However, I've gotten the vegetarian combo that comes with hummus, babaghanuj, dolma, tabbouleh, tomato and cucumber salad, falafel and tahini.  Everything was great then, especially with pita bread, but the tomato and cucumber salad was a bit on the salty side.  

I will definitely return here for my falafel fix!
Recommended by 9 out of 10 dentists.  Seriously maybe I went on a bad day but I spent my whole lunch worried I was going to break a tooth on the falafel which was over cooked and had terribly hard crunchy bits.  Other than that it was OK but I will not be back.
Crikey... Falafel King, you are reminiscent of a giant downtown cart selling UFFs (unidentified fried foods). How do you stay in business???

Food: Overfried and underspiced. I've never had worse falafel in my life; it was kind of like eating a meatball replacing the meatiness with the distinct flavor of socks. The sides were nasty and did not justify the price. The hummus wasn't out of the ordinary, but I could easily just walk to Ralph's or Whole Foods and buy a whole vat of it for much cheaper. 

Service: The food is served from a bar by surly employees. I've had difficulty ordering here due to some communication problems. 

Atmosphere: They do provide outdoor seating, but this only serves to remind you that other (BETTER) eats are right next door. The interior looks super ghetto and makes you wonder if you'll find an insect or two in your food.
So, this restaurant was listed by Seattle Weekly as having the number two best falafel in the city. Woo, I was super excited. I love falafel, and it's right near my house! I ordered a chicken, lamb kebab, and falafel gyro sandwiches. All were horrible! The falafel had nice flavor, but about an hour after eating, the two of use who ate the falafel sandwiches got major, very painful cramps. The other two had mild cramping. It hit all of us at the same time, while we were trying to enjoy Avatar. Coincidence, I think not. The veggies in the sandwiches were limp and tasteless. They tasted like the toppings on a greasy Burger King sandwich. The pita was also strange. More like a thin tortilla. Maybe ok for nearby students if they need a quick, cheap bite, but for anyone else, I'd say stay away! I'd rather make the trek up to Mr. Gyros for delicious shawarma. Sorry Shawarma King, just telling it like it is!
I had the beef shawarma. It comes with lettuce, tomato and tahini in a (dry) wrap. There were 4 large pieces of gristle amid the greasy chunks of beef in the wrap. Some of the worst meat I've ever had (greasy, chewy, gristle-y). I was so hungry that I did eat it, but I won't be going back here again.
As I write this review, I can taste the combination of the pita bread and chicken slathered with hummus and garlic sauce in my mouth. How I want this so badly right now. Too bad it is closed, as it is small family business. They do close the shops when they take vacations. 

Whenever I go, there is a line, knowing that the meat is fresh. But don't fret, they have an assembly line going on that makes go o so fast. IT'S DELICIOUS. Try some med's instead of daphnes, which is poor version of this place.
after visiting the Huntington Library and Gardens, we decided to stop here to get our grub on.  i've been to the sunset location before and LOVED it.  i was hoping for the same here.  all expectations were met, as well as the wacky decor inside and eclectic crowd.  we had a good time people watching while stuffing our faces with the chicken schwarma plate.  so delicious!  

i'll be backkkkkk....
When I think I coffee shops I have visions of cozy couches and pillows, comforting music and lazily wasting the day away from home.  Not quite what you will get at Algiers, but it's still worth the trip.

When I walked in the first time I felt like I was in Europe.  Wooden tables and chairs funky colored walls, art and handicraft placed about to add ambiance, crowded and loud. You felt like it was the place to be.  I feel it is very tight and crowded so you need to watch out as you walk - especially if you are a bag whore - ahem - as I.

The food is fantastic.  I had the hummus/chicken special and it ws to die for.  I'm always order chicken with some reservations b/c I'm afraid it's going to be dry.  Not the case here.  It's is tasty and when you first get it will think you are eating a hummus soup.  Dep plate filled with soupy hummus, chiken placed inthe center and red pepper tossed about.  But oncve you bite into one of the nuggets (not to confuse with McD's) you quickly forget the presentation.  Mmmm peppery with the right amount of saltiness and when you scoop it up with the hummus, pepper and pita it's served with.  Yeah!   Another item I've scoped out and mentally noted to try was the greek salad which was a nice size to make as a meal and looked so fresh.  :)

I have had the mint tea twice and highly recommend it, although a few other drinks my group had looked tasty as well - the hot chocolate and a grenadine drink.  

I did feel they were a tad over priced....but  they can back it as the quality and service are great.

One other thing I thought was cool is that they are very accomodating.  We met here for a large crafting group on a Friday night and they reserved tables for us on what I'd call a very busy night.  Wine and beer are available although the list is small.
Dear Zankou,

 I miss you.  I think I'll have you for lunch right now.  You're just simply delicious!

Love,
Anthony
It may have been a bad move for me to stop here a few weeks ago on the way home, because Dorian and I may have a falafel problem now.  It's super cheap and so delicious.  The falafel is fresh, and the perfect amount of fried and slightly healthy things.  The gentleman at the counter were friendly, perhaps a little overly so, and I would suggest the cucumber salad if you love things involving mint, yogurt, and cucumber because it is so yummy.  You will be filled up (with possibly two meals) for $6 each.
I'm vegetarian so the giant spinning racks of meat kind of creep me out, but the falafel plate is delicious so I don't mind.
I'm sure that other items are good here, but I can't speak for them. I came here the other night as I was in the mood for pizza and I had a few people suggest I give them a try. Ugh, the pizza was awful. I would have been better off getting it from 7-11 or a high school cafeteria. Everything was awful about the plain pizza: bland sauce, cheese with no flavor. The bbq chicken pizza: chewy chicken and again terrible cheese. I will say the bbq sauce was tolerable.

I really want to find something I like here as the people seemed nice and there were a lot of items to choose from. My hometown is known for having amazing pizza, so I also might be spoiled.
that garlic sauce....oh lawdy!
Solid Greek-style sandwiches and food at this little hole in the wall.

All of the pita sandwiches are pretty messy, so grab some extra napkins unless you like tahini sauce on your pants. That sounded a bit dirty, but I digress.

Gyro meat is well-seasoned and tender. Although they use a mass of ground meat instead of the more authentic layered slices of meat, Leena's offers an admirable take on the American-style ground meat gyro. The homemade yogurt sauce is much better than your run of the mill thick, mayonnaise-like condiment you usually find labelled as "gyro sauce" . There's a good ratio of vegetables to meat.

Falafel tends to be served lukewarm, but are nonetheless crisp and texturally complex. The spices they use in the fritters shine here, and the tahini isn't overwhelming.

Chicken shish kabob is juicy, tender, and perfectly seasoned with the right amount of char. Too bad they only give you a few little pieces per sandwich.

Sides are great too. The spiced fries are crisp and bold. Yogurt rice benefits greatly from the addition of hot pepper relish and is a nice, light side dish.

Definitely the best spot in Oakland to grab a pita sandwich, forget the competition.
I personally love this place. Their falafel roll up is amazing, and really big (I recommend getting it with humus). The lamb Kabob plate is great, and plentiful, too.
The food at this place was really good, i was surprised to enjoy my meal so much considering it had no meat at all. it didn't taste like vegetarian food usually tastes(like its missing something). I can't remember what i had here, but it was delish and the fries are really good too. the atmosphere is really relaxed, perfect for studying, reading, hanging out, or playing boardgames. i definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Two words.

CHiCKEN WOWSHI.

Get it, and you won't regret it.

Bella Pita is cheap, fresh, and tasty. The wowshi dough is baked to order. The portions are incredibly filling, and you can control how much veggies and sauce to put in the wowshi using their DIY salad/sauce bar. I personally put a little bit of every single sauce in my wowshi. 

Great for a late/drunken night, especially after In-N-Out has closed and your only other option is Taco Bell (not that Taco Bell isn't disgustingly delicious in its own right).
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
Falafel is a hard food to describe. It's a fried ball of chickpeas, but that's like saying the Atlantic Ocean is a bunch of water. Technically true, but dangerously misleading. 

Falafel functions better as a religion than a food. Only the initiates and the acolytes can understand its true meaning. Some of the Catholic fraternal orders spend their entire lives in prayer and contemplation, using every neuron available to understand their god and his rules. A wise man could spend more time seeking understanding of falafel. Eons could pass, and he would still remain ignorant of all of its mysteries.

For a pious man, God is everywhere. For a pious man, God cares not where you pray - the act is enough. Yet I'm sure many would reckon that a more magnificent temple - The Sistine Chapel, The Dome of the Rock - enriches the experience for the devout. God may be everywhere, but the great works of men are not.

For those enthralled to the falafel, there is no better place to pray than at Falafel King. The pitas are softer than baby unicorns. Each vegetable and salad is a divine cushion, a heavenly bed on which the falafel rests. Beautiful brown orbs of spice and smoke that crunch as pleasure rushes over your tongue. God may not be everywhere, but He is certainly here, in that joyous first bite, in that sorrowful last bite, in every bite in between.
Ok time...if you can get in.  But honestly, not worth the wait.  

Over the years I've realized just how little the staff at this place care about their guests.  If you want to dance there are better places in Boston/Cambridge that actually care and ultimately have a more positive atmosphere.  

Check out the Cantab Lounge instead.  Live bands, everyone knows each other and cheaper beer :-)
I went to dinner at Zuzu tonight and basically, I'm just... confused. We had a groupon ticket that ended in a few days, so we went in to use it. Unfortunately, everybody had the same idea, so it was pretty packed. The hostess seemed flustered and we had to wait ~35 min for a table. The hostess was also really nice, and really seemed like she was trying to make space for us. I've been by the restaurant on weekdays where there is no wait, so can't really blame them for it, although they definitely should have expected/been equipped for a crowd. 

Once we sat down, nobody said anything to us for about 15 minutes. Eventually we got water and after another 5-10 minutes, our waitress came by and we ordered. We ordered the Vegetarian Pu Pu Platter, the Fattoush Salad and the TLC Shrimp, which came with a side salad (there was 3 of us). Eventually, the Fattoush Salad came out. It was realllllly good. It had some kind of spice on it that was delicious. We inhaled it. Then our side salad came out. We decided to throw it onto the Fattoush Salad plate since we liked it so much. We kept eating for a few minutes until one of my friends said, "Uh... there's a BUG in the salad." We all gazed horrified at the bug in the salad for a few minutes. It wasn't huge, maybe an inch or so long. We stopped eating and looked pretty grossed out for about 10 minutes without anyone stopping and asking us if something was wrong.

Eventually they brought out the rest of our food, at which point we told our waitress about the bug. She reacted really weirdly. At first she said it was just a spice. After pulling out her glasses and staring at it, she said she'd "go look at it" in the kitchen.Trust me, this wasn't a flea-size bug. They "looked at it" in the kitchen, then she came back out and tried to make some jokes about it, like, "It's a vegetarian bug! Happens all the time" and we all just kinda stared at her. She then asked if we wanted ANOTHER salad to replace it. And yes, she was being serious. We said no, so she insisted we get these appetizers on the house- they are similar fried mashed potato balls with some cheese in them, don't remember the name. These were AMAZING and delicious and probably the best part of the whole night. (Although when the waitress put them down, she said that she hoped they 'appeased' us- even though none of us were acting mad or upset...)

We were a tiny bit grossed-out but the rest of the food looked good so we decided to forget about the bug. The shrimp was delicious, if the dish a bit spicy. The platter was interesting- I really liked some of the dips. The stand-outs were the olive pate and the whipped garlic. We didn't like the grape leaves, but the spinach dumplings and tabooly were yummy. The three of us couldn't finish all the food. The waitress did give us the free mashed potato balls (which I don't see on their menu) and take our salad off the bill to make up for the bug incident. But they automatically added gratuity to our bill (I think because of the groupon ticket) and it was ~18% (which we definitely would not have put down). Other than the 2 weird conversations with our waitress about the bug, nobody apologized or said anything else to us.

All in all, the food was delicious but the waitress/service was just weird. This is the first time I've ever found a bug in my food, but I really hope other restaurants would not react this way. I will not be back to Zuzu's to eat, despite their yummy dishes.
Gyro plate was very good. Loved the Egyptian music videos blaring on the TV!
Wowza, I was really impressed by Sheesh. I'm not sure if I like it so much because I was so pleasantly surprised or if it was just genuinely the best Mediterranean I've had in a loooong time.

A $21.95 coupon for a dinner for 2 brought us in (thanks Clipper magazine!) and we ate like kings. I thought the bread was delicious, if not dangerous because you can eat so much before your meal actually comes. We weren't sure what to make of the "salsa" but I'll eat anything you can dip bread into. Next up were huge, healthy salads, followed by a trio of hummus, baba ganoush and tabbouleh. Everything was so fresh and delicious, we just couldn't get over it. Our meat platter arrived with a little bit of everything - grilled lamb, chicken and beef. Again, soso good! And to wrap things up we took some baklava home for dessert.

We would totally hit Sheesh again, with or without a coupon.
This place has the best hummus in town!  

Their menu offers a great variety of food that's always very fresh.  I usually get The Healthy Variety for lunch and I've never had a bad experience at this restaurant. 

If you go on your lunch hour, do it on a day where you can spend more than an hour at lunch bc the service is SLOW and the kitchen is even slower!
This place is great. I try to bring food from home to save money, but on days I don't, I go here. It's affordable and good.

Just moved here from the SF Bay Area and I'm sad to see so little good foreign food (emphasis on "good") but this spot represents!
I LOVE this place and I crave it all the time.  I would take 1 star off for their hours but I just can't bring myself to since their food and service is just that good.  

This place closes at 7pm on weekdays which is a bummer since sometimes I'm craving it in the evening. People always rush into this place just before 7 to get their dinner takeout and there's a reason why.  It's SO fulfilling and hits just the right spot.  

I'm usually in a hurry and which is perfect because this place has got to be one of the most efficient!  I never have to wait long, the owner makes sure you're in and out of that place quick.  I know he must share my appreciation for speedy and kind service.  

I've been here countless times, rotating between the Chicken Shawarma Plate and the Lamb Kebab Plate, both really flavorful.  Their wraps are really good too!

The plates come with a side salad (which I absolutely love), hummus, rice, pita bread and protein.  

I get really addicted to their hummus and garlic sauce--it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  Put the garlic sauce on everything... eat it alone, put it on your protein, rice, pita bread...I always ask for more.  Just make sure you don't have a hot date afterwards because the garlic sticks with you even after some mouthwash.   

Mediterranean Cafe, thank you for always being so quick and fresh.  I'll try to see you at least every other week!
So cute.

That is the first thing that came to me upon walking into Algiers. The place is just bloody adorable, and I couldn't help myself. And yes, it's a bit cramped. But somehow, between the decor and the incredible old ceiling, it manages to have the best light and atmosphere of anywhere I've found in Cambridge. Ok, yes, it's cramped. One doesn't exactly feel the comfort to spread, but for a girl who spent a lot of time in crowded corner cafes in NY, this is ok. At least no one is angry about it (at least most of the time).

The waitstaff is slightly harried, but in a nice kind of way- they are usually a bit busy, and especially if you're sitting upstairs, there are only a couple of people working quite a large number of tables, so over the lunch hours it can get a little slow. Another plus, however, is that even over the busiest hours, you never feel the pressure to move on.

The food is pretty good- the hummus especially is worth the effort, and it's scads of food. The next time I'm there, I may just eat hummus. The chicken kebab sandwich is yummy, and I'm excited to eat the lamb. The sandwiches also come with a perfectly good, very fresh salad, which made me happy. My partner for lunch had a hamburger, which she also gave two thumbs up.

And then there's the tea. In case you haven't read any other reviews, they have seriously good mint tea. Yes, it's $4 for a small pot, but you can ask for refills on hot water and keep the leaves going for two or three pots. 

It is for these reasons that Algiers is rapidly becoming my favorite new place to go, spend some time, read something, or meet a friend. It's a great location, atmosphere and the place is a little quirky, and  all that comes with occasional challenges (like tight spaces). But I would vote that it's entirely worth putting up with those.
It's funny how you can get a hunch about a restaurant before you walk in its doors. I walked by here regularly after it opened and you just notice that the boss knows what he's doing and cares about his restaurant. I think the best touch, the most obvious tip-off is the lemon and lime basket at the counter. Lemons are an absolute necessity in any shwarma place - so you know it's a good sign. 
So, I have had the gyro (1.99 for a half, such a steal) falafel - good, but not as good, the lamb kebab and the baba ghanoush. Every meat was juicy and full of flavor and the prices are perfect. Oh, and the guy who serves you is quite attentive and warm. Thank you Shawarma King and thank you U-District.
Falafel King is a small Middle Eastern fast food joint smack in the middle of Westwood.  I have always passed by this place, so I finally decided to give it a try.  The venue seemed nice:  it was a dark night, and inside was well lit and pleasant, so I had high hopes.

Some lamb sounded good, so I decided to go with the Shawarma Pita.  Unfortunately, it did not quite measure up to my expectations.  The Shawarma Pita is filled with lettuce with some shards of meat sprinkled on top.  And even the lettuce includes parts of the stalk, the parts that no one wants to consume.  The little meat that can be tasted is dry, tough, and bland, which is somewhat surprising for a slow-cooked rotisserie.  All this comes with a mellow hummus, which further neutralizes any taste, and with its nutty grittiness, contributed to the dryness of the dish.

However, the one point of redemption is that the Falafel is good.  It is moist, spicy, and tasty.  At least this restaurant's namesake is justified.  Perhaps a Falafel Plate is the way to go instead.

As for the service, it's probably usually not like this, but they had to change out the spit for my order.  I had to wait about 20 minutes, which is not acceptable for a fast food restaurant, and the fresh batch of meat that they brought out was unimpressive.

All in all, this place might be the king of falafel, but it isn't really good at anything else.
Oh baby, I just want to slather that garlic spread on everything...  My family has been going to Zankou since well before they became so well-known and popular.  It is delicious and a great value!  I love the chicken- the skin tastes so delicious, and the meat is usually moist and flavorful.  The pita and hummus are good, but I keep coming back for the garlic spread/dip- loads of diced garlic in some kind of mayo base.  It is fantastic on the chicken, on the rice, on the pita...  I can't get enough.  I'm glad they added rice to the side dish menu, because originally they never had that and my mom would just make some basmati rice at home.  I also like their falafel plate.  You get 3 (I think) large falafel balls, pita, diced tomatoes and lettuce, and, of course, the tahini to top it all off.  Yum!  Now that I live on the Westside, I've been to the location on Sepulveda, but the one in Pasadena and the original in Glendale will always be Zankou homes to me...
Sadly, I went by the Westwood location last weekend and was surprised to see a "For Lease" sign in the window and it appeared to be closed for a little while now.  Hopefully the one on the 3rd Street Promenade is still open.
This has to be best Rotisserie Chicken place in Pasadena if not the LA Basin.  Every time I go there, I'm just amazed by the sheer size of the place and the constant traffic of people.  

My personal favorite has to be the chicken kebob which is a bit a wait but certainly worth it!  Not to mention other great items like tri-tip, hummus, and a great friendly staff make this place my place for chicken!
This place really has lost a lot...

I used to come here as an Undergrad at SC and it was a must on every visit to Bruinland...but now the quality of the food has really really gone down...this is evident by the fact that the place is empty...Next time I'm going next door...
Told by my friend, I was there for the first time last weekend. Helps were terrific.  Liked its Lamb Chop and the Rice Pudding dessert! Will definitely go back.
Awful! I would give it negative stars if I could. For one, the place is ridiculously overpriced. Secondly, it had THE worst service I have ever received ever. EVER! I was sitting there smoking a hookah with a friend when three more came in to meet us. Rather than asking the newcomers if they would like something, they were told that they had to order something or leave. They had sat down waiting to see a menu, but after that we all just left. Then, when I told the owner what I thought of  his overpriced establishment and the treatment we recieved, he chased us down the stairs yelling at me. Seriously,  I thought hookahs were supposed to be relaxing.
I've been coming here for almost 20 years and will probably be coming back as a rocker with a walker in 20 more.
a wide range of bands are booked so there is always someone there you just "have to see". 
Beers and drinks are cheap, and the fries are a good way to keep it all down.
Despite the name dont go into this place expecting a kebob! I took my student staff here for naan wraps one day for lunch and while they seemed to enjoy it, it was a little too spicy for my taste. I also must have gone on a bad day, because they were out of half the items on the menu! Probably wont try this place again but if your looking for a spicy naan wrap then you may like it better than I.
I am so mad at the Middle East!
I took the kids a few nights ago and the food was awful!  Nothing like I remember it being from all those pre-show meals we used to have.  Then, on top of that, the waitress first picked up my credit card and proceeded to walk  out the front door with it- O.M.G!  She did come back and apologize for that, but, when I checked my credit card balance at home later, I noticed that my card was over-rang by $5.  Now, I know that five bucks is not a big deal, but I am not terribly happy that it was added to my bill by someone other than me.  
So, I called and talked to them about it, and they insisted that they only charged me what is on my receipt.  Well, they would, wouldn't they?  But the fact remains, on my credit card's website, that they are, well, sorry to say it, but - LYING.
Now I'm going to have to decide whether I want to fight them for five measly dollars, or let it slide and simply never go there again.  
Actually, that's probably going to happen either way- just cuz of the food sucking thing.
Boo hiss Middle East.  You've really let me down!
eh. OK. Crowded and cheap price. With semi-fatty chicken in the Pita bread. Basically its fastfood. It tastes good and is a decentlunch, but I might try another place...
I have never had a bad time at ZuZu. Never. Not even once. Not even when I went on hip-hop night and there were 12 people in there, including some idiots in puffy coats grinding on the dance floor. ESPECIALLY not when I went on gay night and I thought I was going to cry because the guys were so gorgeous. I love the atmosphere, I love the $3 beers, and I love that I can dance to good music without paying for a coat check or listening to some lame-ass pick up lines. I will go to ZuZu over any other place in Central, hands down.
Yet another favorite place I have been coming to for years.  Introduced by some buddies from college it was always our first stop when rolling back into Seattle from the depths of Pullman.  I have never been disappointed by the food or the service here.

Ali or anybody else working are always very friendly and greet you as you enter this little hole in the wall.  I could and probably would kill for one of their gyros and atleast maime somebody for one of their falaffels.  Drunk, sober or stoned, whatever your state of mind Aladdin is where its at!
its ok. way to hot. the person who worked at the door and searched through my bag should apply for a job at homeland security...thorough...
I come from a city with a proud diner tradition, and this place could stand squarely in the middle of the pack in my hometown.  This is praise, not criticism.

The food is fair, but comes in big portions, and has a few nice touches (I'm thinking specifically hot sauce with the home fries, and how magically nothing is greasy).  Far as I can tell, it is literally a Mom and Pop place, with Pop manning the grill and Mom waiting tables.  Mom is just about the nicest waitress I have ever met, and tends to have her little daughter trailing her around, which adds to the cozy, friendly atmosphere.

I went here for breakfast today just off a redeye from California.  I went in drastically sleep deprived and literally weak from hunger.  Half an hour later I had my will to live back.

(Incidentally, for those wondering why it's called Brookline Lunch when it's in Cambridge, look at the street address.)
Get the falafel wrap. And don't miss the baklava
Friendly service, tasty falafel wrap, and arabian coffee served in a rustic steel coffee container make Algiers a Harvard Square favorite.

Wood laden, ye old bar comfortable ambiance add to the charm.

Free wifi is nice, and when the weather calls the outside deck on the 2nd floor is the spot to be.

One of the best signs of a quality establishment- I've had several meaningful conversations over plates of tasty food, both worth remembering and hearty reasons to return in the future.
I had never had Turkish fare prior to Ali Baba. I'm Jewish, from Buffalo, and I consider my self I Foodie for certain. I had had Israeli, Lebanese, Moroccan, and a slew of other food from the surrounding region, but Ali Baba blows it all out of the water!

The place is always humming with some customers coming in to dine and take out, I do both and the take out is excellent as well. I recommend the Curry Iskender that is my favorite dish there I order it every time. Also they have good grape leaves and a fair portion for the price. The Lavash is unreal!! the yogurt dipping sauce, similar to a tzaziki is delicious.

Service is great always with a smile and in a timely fashion... I recommend this place with all my heart. Truly a gem to be found in Troy, NY!
Good recipes, nice atmosphere, and an interesting menu are frequently ruined by inattentiveness in the kitchen.  Meats are often dry, tough, and overcooked, though the vegetarian options are still delicious.  Ali Baba is a place with a lot of potential, but it needs more skilled professionals behind the curtain.

(Also, the water glasses are unusually small, requiring many refills and usually causing periods without water during a meal--you can ask for a bigger one, though, something I didn't learn until my third visit.)
Quite good. I went here in December, with my friend for the time. And I have been back many times since. It's probably the best middle-eastern food, I've had in Boston.
Sometimes dreams do come true, and sometimes, just sometimes, you discover a whole new world of tasty food closer than you previously imagined possible.

Just as our friend Aladdin from The Book of One Thousand and One (Arabian) Nights rises from his impoverished surroundings to become a hero, so does Aladdin Falafel Corner rise above the sea of mediocre and cheap food in the U-District to become singular in it's ability to stimulate my taste buds. 

It's TRUE.  Nothing compares, yes, nothing compares to you (the tasty goodness that is Aladdin's). For $5 bucks even (no credit cards and gold negotiable) I often find myself making the trip from Beacon Hill to the U-District to satisfy my craving.

It is said that to deny ones desires is to deny ones humanity... In that case I'll have one jumbo Gyro to go please.
What hasn't been said already about Aladdin's?  

Seriously delicious gyros (and fries, for that matter).  Open late.  Cheap.  

I find that the guys running this place seem to be friendlier than the guys running the Aladdin's Gyrocery further down the ave.  Gyros taste the the same between both restaurants (+1 star for consistency!).  If the relatively cold demeanor of the guys at the Gyrocery scares you away from the food, its not a far walk up the ave to get to the Falafel Corner.  Or grow some skin, whatever.
If you're looking for cheap, fast and excellent food quality - this is definitely the place.  Enter - pita bread nazis (not trying to be racist but trying to play off of the soup nazis from Seinfeld).  You order your food and BAM - your food is there before you even finish paying for it.  You ask if you can get a side of - BAM, it's there - the hummus you didn't even finish asking for!  The guy is amazing.  QUICkKis definitely right.  Parking is easy - just remember it's in the back!
Istanbul Grill just worsened my addiction to carbs with their pide bread. This is one warm and fluffy pillow that I wouldn't mind suffocating in. Honestly, I'd pair the bread with Cack (yogurt, cucumber, garlic and herbs) and just make a meal of it (which I practically did). I think I had two baskets before I my gf gave me an impromptu intervention. Alright, you get the point. The bread's amazing. 

Dolmas were alright, and the hot tea is a therapeutic treat. If you manage to leave room for the entrees, beware: The portions are huge. So you might consider sharing with a friend. I got the skender Kebab which is a hearty serving of kebab, a red tomato-based sauce topped over diced butter-roasted pide bread and yogurt. Yes, again with the bread. 

Next visit, I wanna try those pizzas - because of the bread, natch.
The falafel is good, the chicken kabob is fantastic.  For Thayer street food, however, it can't be beat.  

Walking toward Thayer Street, on the first day of the year approaching 60 degrees, you may notice something unique about this college town strip.  Even though all  of the surrounding area is bright and sunny, as soon as you touch Thayer Street the temperature drops 10 degrees and the sun gets blotted out.  You feel that Thayer Street depression sinking in, your hunger only aggravating your angst.  

When you get like this there are only two options.

Option 1: kill yourself.

Option 2: Fight your way past the meaningless cuisine and trinket shops that make up most of Thayer Street and find salvation at East Side pockets. 

East Side pockets is, in many ways, a typical falafel shop.  It's a great place to go get a quick meal.  They have falafel, various kabob options and delicious flakey desserts.  There is even a buffalo chicken option for those of you afraid of the deliciousness of weird Middle Eastern flavor combinations (pickles and yogurt?...YUM!).
 
The falafel is good.  It's not too dry and one of your cheapest options for getting a hearty meal.  The chicken kabob, however, is how this place gains must visit status in providence.  I don't know what they do to this stuff but they do it right.  Get it with all the fixin's you can stomach and you won't be disappointed.  To show your future satisfaction for kabob heaven, leave them a little tip (or better yet, a big one) and the will leave you with a little something back.
good food, great coffee, inexpensive.
This place is, by far, among the worst in Westwood. Even upon walking in, you are lucky if you are acknowledged by the staff (Though I think if you are Middle Eastern you are treated better). After wandering around trying to get the attention of a host, we were finally acknoledged and seated ten minutes later; the waiter was curt and rude; the food didn't arrive for nearly an hour, and it was cold when we received it. The crowd at this place is equally unimpressive.   I certainly did not partake in the Hookah. I would never eat, and contract lung cancer, here again.
I work at the hospital across the street and just wanted to get out for lunch today, so I stopped by.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  The place is small, tucked inside a strip mall and not much to look at.  But, the food was SO good.  Really fresh, pretty simple food made with quality ingredients and lots of care.  
Chicken was seasoned and grilled to perfection, $1 extra for the lentil rice is worth it, an unexpected dash of cinnamon (sounded odd until I tried it) made it super yummy.  Salad was lightly dressed (unlike some middle-eastern chain places with iceburg awash in a sea of bottled dressing) and BBQ tomatoes were tasty.  

If you are looking for a big menu and huge portions of mediocre food, this place is NOT it.  But if you want simple and tasty cooking with an emphasis on fresh and quality ingredients-check it out. (Minus one star as the price was a little higher than expected for the order-at-counter atmosphere).
I met up a friend for lunch here and their menu looked mouth-watering delicious. The prices were reasonable too. I ordered the beef sandwich and it came with a refreshing yogurt dip. 

The service was good, the waitress was very patient with our questions. 

Cons-parking spaces are limited, park across the street at Walnut cafe and it's a little hard to find-drive slowly on morningside. the space btn the tables are a tight squeeze.

I would come back again to try something different.
Best falafel ever.  Worth dealing with Thayer Street.
I've lived about 30 seconds away from Brookline Lunch for the past 18 months and driven by it multiple times but never stopped in.

This morning I was looking for a new brunch option so we headed down to try it out - the place was packed.  We waited for about 5 minutes and within another 5 minutes had coffee and waters.  We ordered french toast, eggs, and the greek omelet - portions were HUGE!  The food was delicious and we were very impressed.

When it came time to pay we found that the massive portions and coffee only set us back about $8 a person - a really good deal compared to what you might pay elsewhere in Boston.

We will definitely be back again soon!
We were cruising the drag looking for anything remotely vegetarian so my best friend could eat. She was starving after a bad experience at Threadgill's the night before. When I spotted the word "Tabooley" she slammed on the brakes. Apparently Tom's makes a great falafel wrap thing according to her. I was shocked and happy at how darn good the Greek salad and gyro was. Yes it's got old small tables, weird little art prints and earthy people in it but hey, you're in Austin on the drag and that's exactly the feel of the place. The service was great and I could tell the cook wasn't just asking us if we liked our food to be polite, she genuinely wanted to know and we truthfully told her "Great!" Minus one star because I had to hunt for napkins and salad dressing.
Pretty run of the mill gyros.  Nothing special.  

Fries are decent, but won't be back.
It took a while to open, but we were very excited when it finally did. Have been several times since and it has been great each time.

The falafel wraps are delicious but my other half loves the grape leaves. Based on previous falafel experiences, I usually find that I can't even get through half of the wrap - but the portions here are just the right size and the combination of fillings, good.. Today we tried some of their sweets. I think I just picked one that I thought sounded good but didn't taste the way I expected (the semolina square soaked in low fat yoghurt). Needless to say it wasn't like the baklava, which the boy lauded.

The owner is very friendly and you can tell he really has enthusiasm for his business. Would love to see this place succeed!!
Came here the other day and completely fell in love. 
I will start off by saying: 1) I don't hang out in Harvard Square that often. It's a lot of fun, but basically just far enough away that it's just out of reach for the "Let's just go to a coffee house and work" kinda outing and 2) I don't actually drink coffee. (Yeah, I know, I'm soooo weird.)

Anyway, even keeping those two things in mind, I loved this place for so many many reasons.

* The decor - adorable. The space inside is way larger than it appears from the outside, extending up two floors where they manage to cram in as many tables as possible, yet still manage to end up making you feel as if you have enough personal space. 
* The menu. Huge and with lots of options. As I said, I don't drink coffee and I'm not a huge tea drinker, so it can be challenging for me to find something to drink at coffee shops. Not here, there were many many things for me to choose from all that sounded equally delicous. I do appreciate that. 
* Prices were affordable.
* Service was pretty good. They may have aired a bit on the cautious side of not checking in (there was a bit of a wait for the check), but for the most part, I felt as though they were attentive enough without being intrusive. Especialy when we only ordered one drink each and stayed for a long time. Never felt any pressure to leave.
* The clientele - these are my people! Such fun, interesting people all looking as though they are working on such fun, interesting things all tucked into the nooks and crannies. Can I be friends with all of you? 

So, at the end of the day, Algiers may still be that little bit too far to make regular trips to, but you can bet that if I find myself a-wandering in the general area, it will be on the top of my list for places to duck into.
If you are looking for Fast Food that is cheap and healthy go here and order their vegetarian combo. It came with your choice of 4 of their vegetarian items which I chose the Falafel, Hummus, Mujaddarah, and Grape Leaves. We also had a Greek Salad and plenty of Pita as well. So good.

This is some of the best Mediterranean fare I have had in the States. It was crowded when we got there and crowded when we left. Very clean inside and the staff was super attentive. I spent $22.50 for 3 people here and left happy. Now I just wish they would open one of the Westside.
This place could be twice as expensive and still totally worth it!! I can't believe how cheap it is considering the quality of the food. I've had their Eggs Benedict at least 20 times and I'm not over them! They come with pan-fried potatoes and vegetables that seem to differ every time. They serve breakfast all day, which is really neat. The rest of the menu is classic lunch stuff (sandwiches etc) with a Middle Eastern twist. Everything is good but I keep coming back to the Eggs Benedict (who said addict??).
The staff is always over-busy but still really nice. Considering the low prices I usually over-tip them, hoping that they'll stay in business for years to come:)
Other nice features: Unlimited coffee refill. Great decor. Did I mention the Eggs Benedict?
First of all, this place is beautiful.  Nestled right on top of the Brattle theater, its cozy and very relaxing.  The decor/architecture is really beautiful, especially the ceiling, it was my favorite part.  Drinks were a little expensive, and i was disappointed with my pina colada, mainly because it was more warm than cool.  Hot chocolate was better than some places, but if left unattended, got this weird film on the top.  This place is awesome for big groups, because you can be tucked into a corner and not be bothered, or bother anybody else.  The hummus was very good, and I'm a real stickler for hummus, but i was very satisfied.  Would definitely come back here, i wish i lived closer =)
I went tonight for an Obama event, which the Middle East restaurant apparently closed down at 8:30pm - an hour earlier than they were supposed to.

I ate with a friend. The Coca cola was flat, and my salad was very watery. The tofu in the salad was nearly tasteless. The best part of the meal was the greasy french fries. The service was slow but nice. Not sure I'd go there again if I could help it...
It was a million degrees and this place was right next to the coffee shop where M and I were camping out for the day. The guys were unbelievably slow but the food was decent. Falafel could have been crispier but overall flavors were ok.

I'm sure it's better on a day when the kitchen isn't hotter than fire.
Ordered the super falafel. Was pretty good. They put alot of food in a single burrito like serving. Satisfies the need for Mediterranean food if your ever craving it.
I discovered this hidden gem in College Park on a night when my husband and I wanted kebobs but were tired of the 3 main kebob joints in the area that will remain un-named due to their poor customer service.

Krazi Kebob is the most mouth-satisfying food joint in College Park. The idea is very chipotle-esque. You order in a line where you choose your bread of choice (naan, tortilla, etc), meat of choice (the most delicious marinated chicken, beef etc, rice, spiced topping (potatoe, chickpea, etc), sauces, veggies and my personal favorite: chopped hot chilli peppers and yogurt sauces. The end result is a fat, stuffed wrap with an indo-paki flavor. You will need a fork and spoon to finish it because it is so overstuffed, fillings burst out as you take your bites.

The food itself is beyond delicious. Everything is very well seasoned, well cooked and marinated.  I have never had a problem with their service. I keep going back when I get a craving which I guarantee you will! You must go on an empty stomach because the burritos/wraps will stuff you.

5 Stars because of the taste (most impoartanly), portion size and best of all the price. You cannot go wrong here!
This was the first restaurant I tried when I got to West Lafayette and I really liked. I have been in the area for almost two weeks and I have been there three times already so that tells you how much I like their food. I have been to plenty of Middle Eastern restaurants in California, Virginia, and I have even gone to an Egyptian restaurant while I was in Kuwait City so I think I have plenty of experience with this kind of food. I can say with no doubt that the Blue Nile has the best Middle Eastern food that I have tried so far. 

I have tried three different items from their menu and all were amazing. They food was fresh, tasty, and inexpensive. Yesterday I had the Mazaa platter and it was amazing!! The grape leaves and humus were specially good.
Yes Pittsburgh, there IS a hookah bar! Even if it's in an old church.

This is an Egyptian coffee house and hookah bar - remember to BYOB ($2 cork fee)  if that's what you're thirsty for. The serve a lot of teas and really sweet fruit-based drinks. There is a large selection of hookah.  Be prepared to cozy up on throw cushions, sit on the floor, dim lighting, and a steady yet casual crowd (of mostly undergrads). 

They get an extra star because the staff was really friendly and attentive, but my overall experience was far from exciting. They charged a cover to enter on a Friday night. After paying to get in, THEN we found out it's BYOB only. Figuring we'd just pass on drinking for the night, we continued walking in and the main floor was full. The waiter welcomed us to sit on the balcony - for an extra charge. Okaaay..... but we paid him again. The throw cushions seemed a bit grimy - like they were more than ready for a trip to the cleaners. When it was time to go, THEN we learned that the bar is cash-only...and the waiter welcomed us to use atm machine on the first floor.

So... not the worst experience, but definitely not the best.
This is a review of the downstairs venue only.
Tiny concert space which is long and narrow.
I saw buckethead and that 1 guy here and my face was melted.  Great space to see your favorite acts up close.  On the other hand the acoustics are not great and it can get too loud.  

Someone stole a $20 bill from me here. The first and only time I've been pickpocketed in Boston was at the Middle East.
Absolutely great falafel in Westwood Village.

I had the falafel pita which was four pieces of freshly made falafel in a pita.  They had a salad bar with all the appropriate toppings and a variety of sauces with which to top your pita.

There are a few window seats in the shop but its really a take away type of restaurant.  The menu is pretty limited, but as far as I am concerned there is no reason to venture beyond the falafel because its so good.   

My only complaint is that it isn't open later.  They could definitely sell a ton of pitas to the late night UCLA crowd.
I went this evening to study.  The atmosphere is unique and the tabooley is great.  The staff was super friendly.  I broke my wrist a couple months ago and just got my cast off today.  The doctor told me to put a hot rag on the wrist while stretching it.  I asked them for a hot rag and they happily gave it to me.  So accommodating!  

GREAT PLACE TO STUDY AND GRAB A BITE
I love this place as a cheap college student.  For 5 to 6 dollars, you can get a delicious and fulfilling meal.  I've only tried the super falafel, the avocado falafel, and the baklava.  I personally prefer the avocado falafel because I like pita bread more than lavish bread (I think that's what the super is rolled in).  The baklava is a Middle Eastern dessert, and yesterday was the first time I had it.  It has flaky layers on top of another thicker layer that is saturated with honey and nuts (I think they were pistachios); it's very sweet and very good with tea (I took it home and tried it later that night).  The customer service is better before or after prime lunch hours (I also feel like they tend to stuff your falafel more if you go around or after 2).  Overall, this place is great and one of my favorites in Berkeley.
The Arabic coffee is amazing: grainy, infused with cardamom, and not overly sweet. It came in a small copper pot and a miniature serving mug. 

Yulan and I shared a mixed plate with hummus, baba ganoush, tabouleh, and rice and lentil pilaf. The flavors and ingredients were fresh and bright. 

There is plenty of seating and no one seemed in a hurry to go anywhere - it seems like a nice place to read or study. We stayed writing Christmas cards (as several others were around us) until we were both jumpy from the delicious gritty coffee.
It's good.

Firstly, it's authentic, second it's well prepared, and thirdly it's much needed variety in the otherwise bland Kendal food scene.

The one reason it didn't make five stars is that it's a bit pricey. $9 for a shwarma is just not right. But it sure is tasty. I'd suggest skipping the pickled radishes though. Eww.

A few night ago I had the kabbab plate. Delicious! The meat was so tender and succulent that my mouth is watering as I type this.

Check it out.
I have now found my favorite place for a quick bite -- and by quick I mean lightening fast! Right as I ordered and turned around to fill my water cup, my food was already sitting there on the counter for pick up. I'll admit I looked pretty hungry, but not so much that my plate would literally appear in a blink of an eye.

Although fast, the food is great quality. It's really tasty, really flavorful and not greasy or oily at all. I ordered the Chicken Kebab plate, which came with two juicy skewers of grilled chicken, a small salad, rice and a side of hummus. My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Schwarma plate, which was really tasty as well and also came with the same combination of sides. 

Don't forget to order the Baba Ghanouj -- hands down the best I've ever tasted! I don't care about the rest, just give me some pita and I could eat a whole tub of it to myself. It's well-seasoned and has a great smokey taste to it -- seriously addicting. 

It's also really well-priced. $19 gets you two filling plates, as well as a huge side of Baba with pita.

All in all, 4.5 stars! The only thing stopping me from giving Mediterranean Cafe a 5 is due to their heavy use of styrofoam containers for every little thing. I know it's pretty much a fast-food joint, but an option for real plates and utensils would be nice.
Okay, it's definite now. Bella Pita is my favorite place in Westwood. After a whole summer without even a nibble of a wowshi, I came to the conclusion that I can't last any longer without it. Forget the small space, long lines, and the lack of seating. Bella Pita's the greatest. I just wish it was open 24 hours.
I am all the cooler for being a haphazard patron of this place.  I'm quite certain that Zuzu constitutes a rip in the space-time continuum of staid, puritanical Boston because everyone that was there (working there, in the surrounding vicinity, eating there, breathing on the sidewalk near there) was a hipster, decked out in piercings and tattoos, and far cooler than my mini-ute driving, lame-ass suburban self.  And yet, despite the undeniable coolness of the waitstaff, they still served me and my equally uncool friend without making us feel like losers.  

This place has a very San Francisco kind of vibe to it; the decor and ambiance are engaging, everyone is super friendly and it's generally an excellent place to kick back after work and have a drink. I can't comment on the Saturday night shenanigans, but they have some kick ass cocktails that made it a *very* happy hour for me. The Jalapeno Margarita is spicy, but not scary spicy.  My tongue was doing a little Mexican dance. The Espresso Martini is dangerous- apparently it was so good that my dining companion drank it quickly enough to get good and crocked.  For the pervier among us, that might make this a good date place. We ordered the vegetarian platter which came with dolmades, hummus, spanakopita, falafel, aioli, harissa and tabboulleh with pita and flat bread for dipping, which I would highly recommend. The plate can easily constitute dinner for two or apps for three and tastes delicious.  The aioli was absolutely spot on. 

Note that I like meat so had a bit of food envy over our neighbors who had some kind of interesting tabletop stove and were warming kebabs on it- I'll definitely go back to try that whole deal. Hopefully with the aioli...and a tongue piercing, so I fit in better.
I want to like this place but it just never seems to hit its mark.  The hummus is okay but they use way too much tahini in it.  The food is consistently ok, but it is just ok.  The service is always slow.
JG is near perfect. The best Middle Eastern food in South East Michigan. The staff is friendly. It's very small and a bit of a dive, but you won't be disappointed.
so i had the "Lamb Shank " special, WOW it was GOOOOOOOOD the best food i have ever had in my life. The best thing is the service and the, round the clock smile, on Samirs face the food is GREAT, and the Service is GREAT and the whole meal is perfect.
i have also tried the falafel, gyros and chicken, they are all Perfect especially since all the food is authentic,NOT like Aladins, Cedars,or Shawarma Kings. Samir actually makes the food, and makes it Perfectly.
Very underwhelmed.  Stixs is right by my work so I had to try it.  I do like the concept of mixing and matching meat on a stick with sides and a sauce but something here (or a lot of things here) don't do it for me.  

Food:  I really wanted to try the chimichurri sauce and thought the best meat to pair with it would be steak.  Now, I'm really picky about my steak so I knew I would either be somewhat disappointed or blown away.  It was definitely not the latter.  It was okay...but a little chewy for my taste.  Not helping matters was that the chimichurri sauce wasn't as good as I wanted it to be and the mashed potatoes that came with it were maybe instant?  Again, they were okay.  The theme for my lunch was "okay"...

And what's NOT okay is when okay costs over $9...WITHOUT a drink!  Sheesh.  It was not $9 good.

Service was blah.  This is a place where you order at a counter and they bring the food out to you and maybe check up on you once or twice -- which is fine with me.  But all my interactions with the people there just seemed...robotic?

I wouldn't go out of my way to go to Stixs.  I may go again since it is right by my work and try the chicken, but unless that blows me away, I probably won't be back after that.

UPDATE 2/10:  I went back and tried the chicken with peanut sauce.  The chicken was much better than the beef.  But the peanut sauce and the cous cous that came with it both had a bit of a weird taste.  I do really like the veggies that come grilled with the meat.  I just can't find a sauce/side combo I find that great.  And at over $10 (this time I got a drink), for the food/service/atmosphere, it's not quite worth it.
Aaaand my favorite worker/owner has returned! Hooray! Everything seems to run more efficiently when he's around. Oh, and Kismet received a makeover during UT's winter break. New signs, new paintjob, and the workers wear embroidered Kismet polos. Classin' up my favorite falafel joint, eh?

I can also now add that Kismet does some pretty kickass catering. I ordered lunch for 15 people for $50. Food was ready on time, and was actually hot when I came to pick it up. Freshness is so awesome here.

Regarding people complaining about the wait time and orders being called in non-numeric order...things take different amounts of time to cook. They go in order as best they can, but if you order a shawarma that they don't currently have going or isn't quite done yet you're going to wait and have other people's food ready before you. That's just the a sacrifice you make for freshness. Be happy that they're not serving you from the same hunk of meat that's been sitting out since they opened.
This place has never messed up an order of mine. They know us by name and are always very friendly. On top of the great service, the food is amazing. My fiance and I love Mediterranean food and this place is the best that we have had!
Holy hot pants, how have I failed to write a review for this place, yet?!

I am absolutely 100% in lust with Zuzu. I don't want no long term thing, Zu, but I will be all over you in the wee hours of Friday morning. About twice a month, in fact. Coincidentally, whenever my favourite DJ is playing. I'll get all dressed up, with a little touch of 'hipster' (when in Rome, you know..) and get a little saucy with you on the dance floor. And maybe also a little sauced ('gansett, what up).

Granted, I don't know much about you in your daily life. But, as I said, I'm just trying to have fun on a Friday night with you. Friends with dancing benefits? I'm down.
They have v awesome veggie food.
The food is the best mediterranean I've found in the village and I think it's family owned which is always a plus. The inside is kind of small, it's pretty casual for like a dinner with some friends, not really a place I'd take people I'd like to impress with fancy things.
Good God. Harold Camping, you were right. I experienced Rapture on May 21st, and it was Zuzu's Soulelujah dance night. 

I haven't had that much fun on a Saturday night in a long time. This in some ways might be an incomplete review since I only got one beer and did little else but cut a rug. All I can say is that it was crowded in a good way, the energy was extremely positive, the music was GREAT, and I left drenched in sweat with a smile on my face. I don't know how I went four years of college without having been there before. I'm graduating tomorrow, and i can happily say that I could not have found a better way to end my college career in Boston than by gettin down tat 474 Mass Ave.

Zuzu, I will return to you next Saturday to reclaim my soul, which I proudly left on your dance floor.
Boo!  Way to simply destroy my earlier characterization of Harvard as a remarkably photogenic campus.  I am not sure whether Algier's is the exception or the rule.  But, in any event, it certainly had a different "look" than the other places I visited today.  

Points off for the initially brusque service as well.  While I understand that it is annoying when someone sits down and plays on the Internet all day, I'm not that customer (believe it or not, in between Yelp reviews, I am getting a ton accomplished today).  I actually BUY stuff.  In this case, I even bought a couple of beverages spaced over time.  Why?  Because I'm not an asshole like that.  

The hot apple cider here is relatively remarkable.  Each cup is served with a generous cinnamon stick which thoroughly infuses the hot cider.  The result is a wonderful apple cinnamon treat that soothes the body.  

Algiers is definitely the largest spot that I have visited today.  As far as a place to conduct work, it is a bit louder than Tealuxe (despite the fact that Algiers had classical music flowing as opposed to mainstream rock).  There are probably a few more plugs here than at Crema or Tealuxe.  The work space is fine.  Still, if you are going to conduct work, try and go before 5 PM.  

Algiers is definitely the ugly duckling (in more ways than one) of the Harvard coffee shop scene.  Still, it makes excellent beverages and is serviceable as a place to finish work.  I would recommend it if Tealuxe and Crema are already full.
Delicious food & extremely friendly service at an affordable price. The only bad thing here is the lack of parking.  I suggest parking on Mentor South of Colorado.  I like the chicken wraps and my husband likes the Chicken hummus plate. Yummy.
I grew up with Arab cooking and this takes me back. Unless you find a wormhole between uptown and Atlantic Ave, this is about as good as you can do. I love that they alway have bread with Zatar available. Not a cozy place, but good food and great for takeout.
Muhammad is one hell of guy!  Best Baba Ghanooj I've had!  Told him how awesome his food is, and he made me some sort of veggie pita for free which was amazing!  Can't wait to make it back to Oakland to visit this place!
Good hole-in-the-wall restaurant with great food for an affordable price.

GET THE HUMMUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best I've ever had.
I didn't care for the food here, however, one thing they did get right was the hummus. The service was friendly enough but the chicken had too much lemon, the lamb wasn't really tasty, and the salad wasn't all that fresh.

I can't say I'd go back just for the hummus, so overall I say..meh, I've had better.
Without a doubt the worse falafel I've ever tasted. Old, dry, cold and disgusting. The tahini was watered down.  The pita was old and dry.  The salad looked like it was fresh but had no flavor.  So frustrating because I was so hungry and ended up disappointed and still hungry.
What happened to this place?!! It recently either changed owners or staff and it went from a 5+++ to a mediocre 2. My husband and I use to go to this spot every other day since we live 2 steps away, but after last nights meal we have sworn not to return.
If you want to experience the feeling of raw & real. This is the place to find such a feeling. They have been keeping in touch with the best performances from some of the best artists downstairs. There is one bar down here, nice service. Upstairs you will find live music most of the time. Varying in type. There is one bar up here too smaller in size compared to the one in the basement. Check the night before you go so that you are not disappointed with he type of music being played or performed. Great atmosphere!
I came to this place with a high expectation b/c the owner is Egyptian and having lived in Egypt -- I was missing the authenticity of Egyptian food.   There's plenty of good Lebanese places or Persian places -- but not Egyptian in LA.  This place really disappointed.  We ordered the appetizer platter and it was pretty much okay.  I'm wondering if the hummus was canned?  It's possible b/c it didn't taste fresh but still edible.  As for the meal ... I really wanted the poor mans food "Koushary" and I ordered it.  Listen, this dish is not terrible complicated to make and it involves lentils and pasta for God's sake -- but it was not good.  The lentils tasted old (recycled from previous dates) and they failed to provide the proper sauces in addition to the koushary that you get in Egypt.  My date got beef kabobs and the meat was overcooked and given with fries.  Okay, I guess you could get a different side in lieu of fries (that we didn't request but didn't know it'd come with fries) but it's so inauthentic.  

The place looked old and sticky.  Bathroom was disgusting. Too bad ... I was looking forward to some sheesha after dinner but the place looked so dirty that I didn't know whether it'd be hygenic or not.  =/

The
Every time I walk on the Ave I always get a whiff of an alluring aroma, but for some reason I never get the chance to step inside and discover what awaits me....until now! Their lamb/beef gyros are simply the best. The meat is juicy, flavorful, and mildly spiced to perfection. The tzatziki they put in it is delicious. And the best part is that it's cheap! I don't normally have Middle Eastern cuisine but so far this is my new favorite place to get some of the best gyros on the Ave!
"I used to come here a little over a year ago when their shwarmas were good. Now, not so much. Drove all the way from Malden to get one and they've changed. For one it was cold, they used precooked chicken, way too light on tahini and vegetables.. so much extra wrap! Sheisty and bland. So disappointing.
This place is is awesome!
The food is great, and the entertainment is even better.
Every day they have fresh pita bread delivered from a bakery and they serve unlimited amounts to anyone who is ordering food. 
Sometimes, they will add 18% gratuity to anyone who orders over 30 bucks worth of food, or if the party is more than 5 people (this is stated in the menu)..
But tipping is supposed to be at least 20%, so who cares? I will leave extra if the server is awesome, which lately, they have been.
Not only do they cater to meat eaters, but vegetarians and vegans as well. If you're not sure about something on the menu, just ask.
I have never had an issue with anyone explaining anything on the menu to me.
2 thumbs up!
Probably the best falafel I've ever had...and interesting that I found it in Ann Arbor! Their service is wonderful and there's a cute patio area. good prices, and great lentil soup too. I highly recommend it.
One of the little gems you find in A2.  my personal favorite was always the chicken cajun pita, but really anything is good.  That said, get it to go, as the dining room is pretty cramped.

The diag is right across State St. anyways, so just go there to eat.
Moody's Falafel Palace can be summed up in one word: overrated. While the food is reasonable, and the staff is polite and efficient, the food isn't all that great. I thought it was pretty good before being served a runny chicken wrap one day. It was one of those dining experiences where you actually lose your appetite. 

Usually, the food is serviceable, though. If you're in a rush, you could do much worse than the Palace. Unlike others, I don't think the Palace is the best thing since air conditioning.
I have always been a big fan of Zankou, but my last experience was a major disappointment.

I did not have a problem with the staff or service, they were doing their jobs just fine.

I will not go much into the actual location, it really needs to be renovated badly, it is almost depressing going inside, not inviting at all, but I will leave that alone as what I want to concentrate on is the food:

It's the quality of the food that was really disappointing.

One of the items I ordered was a whole chicken to go but what I was given were pieces of chicken in a bag.  Isn't a whole chicken supposed to be exactly what the word means?  A WHOLE chicken?  It should be advertised as PIECES OF CHICKEN.

Please see the following link and see how the whole chicken is advertised:
http://www.zankouchicken.com/index.php?section=product&category_id=11

Nope, you will not get this.  False advertising?

The chicken itself was not what it used to be.  It just tasted horrible.  The thing is it was not just me who thought this, there were three additional persons in my party, and they have all had Zankou for many years like myself, and they all shared the same complaints.

The garlic spread used to be great.  Now it tastes like it's an oil paste.  I did not taste much garlic in it.  Very disappointing, as this was "the thing" of Zankou.  Now it's the thing to avoid.

I really hope that Zankou Chicken gets its act together.  I understand that running a business means making a profit, but you can't cut quality, you will only lose dedicated customers, like myself.

It's not like the prices are very cheap, they're not too pricey, but for what you're paying, one expects much better quality.

I don't like leaving one star, but that is truly the impression my last trip to Zankou Pasadena has forced me to rate.  My apologies, Zankou, but give me better and I'll do the same.
Yummmm.

Chicken Tarna is great here. I agree when everyone says its a little dry, but thats toootally what hummus is for! This stuff hits your stomach like bricks, which can be a good and a bad thing. It's great when you're super SUPER hungry, cause it fills you up quick, but if you go in intending to get just a snack.. You'll have this weird addiction to the stuff, and you'll end up pigging out. Make sure you order a drink if you're ANYTHING like me and tend to keep shoving it down your throat. You're going to need to have something to wash it down with.

They give you 2 types of hummus, and this bombdiggity garlic sauce. Theres no way you can't like that, unless you're dead inside.

But yeah, only complaint is that it's a little dry, and most of the time, they take FOREVER to make your food. But its so worth it.
I have been coming here since the early 80's. It is the best falafel in LA. Other than The Hungry Pocket near SMCC. I have always been confused why it is only mexican dudes that work there but doesn't change the fact that they are the best!
I always walked by this place and wondered if I should try.  I love middle eastern cuisine.  One day, I went here for lunch with a bunch of coworkers.  The place was packed and the menu was short, which were good signs of a good restaurant.  I ordered the kibbeh and it was just disgusting.  I've had so much better elsewhere.  It was very dry and tasteless.  The only real attraction to this place is the student pricing.  Dishes here are quite cheap.  Now I see why.
Good quality, good price. Not very spicy. Cute waitress.
I love their Grilled Chicken Salad and Beef Schwarma! Been coming here and the owners previous restaurant Mama's Grill in Rancho Cucamonga for years.  I just passed by the building and they are closed. Where are you Mama? My son and I were craving your Grilled Chicken Salad.  We drove from Chino to find you were no longer there.
Came here with my sister one weekday night and it wasn't too bad. We sat outside, which is always nice. We got the mango hookah and it wasn't all that great. First of all, it tasted like mint for some reason. The hookah wasn't all that smooth and made me cough a few times. It was also really bland, I couldn't taste it at all. 

What I did like about it was the service. The servers were super friendly and we chatted for awhile. 

My roommate afterwords told me that he always goes to Gypsys Cafe and he likes that a lot more. I will try next time...
Tried out this place when I was in Pasadena and was super excited to finally see what the hype was about Zankou Chicken. I ordered the Half Dark Meat Chicken plate and a side of falafels that the cashier sold me on "for only $1.39!" I got extra garlic sauce too because I heard it was really good.

The falafels were crisp and awesome. A great start to my meal. The chicken plate comes with pickled veggies and tomatoes, hummus, pita bread, and 2 pcs of chicken. The hummus was creamy and garlicky and paired well with the pita. Unfortunately, the chicken was the crummiest part of my meal :( It was mushy and just plain BLAH. Saving grace was the GARLIC sauce. Slather that stuff on and it makes anything better.

Anyways, underwhelmed by this place but their garlic sauce is pretty bomb!
I was hoping this place would be better since it seems less corporate than Maoz. I like how the people working here are very friendly and outgoing, but the food wasn't as good. 

I really didn't like the cop out that they made by not allowing you to refill your sandwich by saying that its for sanitary reasons. Everyone knows they're just being CHEAP! Maoz lets you fill it up as many times as you want. Plus its not like they are serving really high quality add-ons, just some wilted cabbage salad.   

I might be back to this place just because they have a discount but most likely will just go back to Maoz for some good falafels 

I really liked the fries though. They seemed more like home-made french fries and I liked the texture over other fries I've had.
I agree with everything Mariah had to say below.  Love the owners and they always have an awesome staff not to mention the food!  By far one of my favorite places ever!  
Oh and if you need some craft service digs for your film, having a party, or going to a pot luck take out is great.  It is light, easy to eat food everyone enjoys.
Not sure what my review can add to the 150 other reviews, but why not?

Came here tonight with a friend when we were wandering around Central looking for somewhere new to try. We definitely hit the lull between dinner and dancing (arrived ~9:30, left ~11, just enough time for one drink and catching up.) Didn't order food. I got a mojito (delish!) and she got a beer. 

We got to crash on the couch (yay couches! definitely a plus) and drink our drinks. And apparently, we got in before they started charging a cover, which is always exciting.

Not the most exciting night, but ZuZu definitely hit the spot for what we were looking for. Maybe I'll come back at a more happening time or for food. We'll see...
This has been our go to spot for weekend brunch for years. Love the hummus plate, with its kalamata olives, peppers and onions, drizzled in hot sauce. The Greek omelet is really good too. For something light try the halava (sweet spread with pistachios) with tea. Recently had to move and on our last visit they gave us a goodbye gift - baklava and halava! Brookline lunch, we will really miss u!!!
I'm the type of person that will try every place to find the best of the best and when I find my niche, you cannot separate me from it.  These friendly folks have THE BEST falafel in Providence. It's perfectly done, and the place is immaculate. You might have to scrap with a homeless man for a place to sit, but my god is it worth it.
I eat their today and i will never go  back! the OWNER is mean! The servings are small and the food seams to be siting around for a while before you get it in your plate.
Hours are wrong, I put in correction to Yelp.

Picked up food this time, was more than underwhelmed.

Food- 2 Stars.
All the fresh items were pretty awesome. The salads are great as are the grape leaves.

I got a Kibbeh dinner. It was so dry it was like cardboard. I am guess they just don't have enough business to keep something like kibbeh fresh. It was not good.

Service- 3 Stars
Nice enough but they pretty much hung up on me when I called my order. They need to learn basics of running a restaurant as noted from last experience sitting down.

Atmosphere- 2 Stars
Very basic, very white, but clean. Nobody in there.
Veggie combo platter was fantastic though a little on the small side.
A friend and I went to this place with a couple of out-of-town acquaintances last night.  Being the locals of this group, we should have known better and steered clear of this place.

Our waitress made herself extremely scarce, and when we did manage to flag her down she tried talking us into buying more than we originally ordered.  One of the out-of-towners ordered a piece of baklava to share, and the waitress talked him into buying four for all of us.  When the other acquaintance asked if they had any cocktails, the waitress told her they only had Lebanese beer, a mysterious item that we couldn't find anywhere on the menu.  After two people said they wanted the beer, she suggested we buy a pitcher.  Sounds ok, right?  So we got the pitcher.  When the beer finally came it tasted really watered down and crappy, like Bud Light with even less taste.  But the real kicker came when we got the check -- she charged us $20 for the pitcher (!), and our bill totaled $56 for our bite-size baklava, hookah, pitcher of watery beer, one bottle of water and one cup of tea.  We were also charged $3 more for the hookah than advertised on the menu for some unexplained reason.  We should have complained, but after an exhausting day we all just wanted to get home and go to bed.   

I feel like we were really taken advantage of here.  Habibi Cafe, never again.

EDIT:  The "Lebanese Beer" served here is nothing other than O'Doul's Non-Alcoholic Beverage.  Didn't I say this in my original review?  This place is a scam -- avoid at all costs.
I really wanted to like Algiers...but came away feeling "meh" after dinner.

Breakdown of my scoring:
Food: 4 stars
Decor / setting: 4.5 stars
Service: 2 stars
Price performance: 2.5-3 stars

The food is quite good (though somewhat skimpy portions) and the space couldn't be cuter.  (High ceilings, cozy corners, exposed brick).  

But the service is lacking - when we arrived and mentioned a reservation for a large group, we were handed menus downstairs and told to show ourselves upstairs...with no direction as to which table was ours or anything at all!  

This would be totally fine if we were talking about a dirt-cheap, student cafe.  But this is a cafe where entrees run $14-16 each!  At that price point, it seems reasonable to expect efficient waiters, good sized portions and a hostess that at least points you in the direction of your table.
kabobs here = good - very good

i've had the chicken, kaboodeh (ground, seasoned beef), fish, steak and it's all good.  kinda sorta slightly bit burnt as previously mentioned but it's not THAT badly charred.  the veggies that come with the kabobs actually test better than the meat itself.  grilled tomato and probably the sweetest onions they could find.

and rice.  lotsa it.  i like me rice (be it basmati, white, sticky, brown, black - it's all good to me). they give you a lot of the basmati and it's slightly seasoned. mmm... 

as for the price, i've had worse persian kabobs on the west side that cost more.  so to me, this place is a gem.  they are slow with the orders, but it is kabob, notta big mac.
I've eaten twice before seeing a show. Very friendly and conscientious wait staff. The food is pretty standard fare for middle eastern food. Comes at a reasonable price. Gets crowded when there's a show, but does the trick. Have enjoyed myself every time I've seen a show here. Grabbing a bite to eat before is a nice plus.
If I had a dime for every night I've spent at The Middle East i'd be a rich rich girl by now. At least I have my memories. Um, yeah. Can I have those dimes?

The Middle East is an institution for local and touring indie acts. Being such doesn't mean it's a high point for the bands or the crowds though, as we all deal with the spotty sound, gross bathrooms and stuffy rooms. At the same time, I've seen some of the best shows of my life  in these rooms and wouldn't trade it for the world. 

The food is passable and what you'd expect for how cheap it is. If you splurge a little for one of the real Middle Eastern dishes, the quality goes up as well. Their veggie menu is large and the pumpkin kibby is probably my favorite choice off it. The  veggie burger here doesn't do much for me except be a good deal considering the mountain of fries it comes with.

Half the bartenders have been around Boston longer than all of you combined and the other half rotates pretty often. Depending on who's on that night, you can get a healthy dose of nostalgia along with your PBR.
One of the guys who works here has the loveliest sad eyes and is clearly a dyed-in-the-wool romantic. He cut my red onion into a heart shape the other day. So sweet!
Good place for cheap, fast ethnic food. They serve meat and veggies and decent falafel. Not much place to sit, more of a take-away fast food joint reminiscent of Maos in Barcelona. They're open til 3 am on the weekends so perfect for post-boozing munchies. There's a minimum for credit cards.
Ah, Bella Pita...where you will run into a UCLA student every Thursday or Friday in the wee hours between 1-3am. Yeah, you'll probably run into students during regular operating hours, but if you're thinking about getting a late night snack on those nights, be prepared to be surrounded by tons of buzzed/drunk college students (maybe you'll run into me? hahah JK JK) waiting to get a bite of a delicious Wowshi or pita too.

Aside from that, Bella Pita is an awesome joint. The food is made fresh to order and the salad bar where you fill your Pita or Wowshi up is always full. I recommend the Chicken Wowshi! I've never had anything like it before--in my opinion, its definitely better than a regular Pita. The filling of your choice is baked inside of the dough, so once it comes out, it is piping hot and completely DELICIOUS! The texture of the dough is somewhat similar to a pita on the outside, but the inside is super soft and chewy. Once you get your wowshi you have your choice of veggie fillings (lettuce, onion, tomatoes, onions, etc) and a variety of sauces, such as Tahini, Hummus, "white sauce" (which i'm still not sure what it really is..), Hot Sauce, and Herb. 

I've had friends who say the best way to eat it is to put the sauces on the bottom, layer some veggies, then sauce on top, but I personally think its up to you. Regardless of how you "layer" you'll definitely be satisfied with Bella Pita.
Wow! I am surprised this place got such rave reviews. Maybe I went on an off day, or maybe the Yelpers reviewing this place are not familiar with Persian cuisine but my experience here was horrible! First off, no one even acknowledged me when I walked in. I sat at a table for almost 10 minutes watching the server walk back and forth and glance in my direction, yet never offer to even provide me with a menu. I had to walk up to the counter and grab a menu for myself, and at that point decided that if this was the type of service I had to look forward to, then I was better off ordering food to go. I got a plate with the koobideh, chicken kabobs, rice, and grilled tomato and chili pepper. I also got a side of hummus. After waiting over 20 minutes sitting at the table, I finally walked up to the counter where apparently my food had been ready and sitting there for some time although no one bothered to tell me. Really, what is up with the service here?? I shouldn't have even tipped them, but I did. I'm too nice, but I was at least expecting good food. Not so much. First off, when I got home I realized they forgot to include the pita bread which comes with the order of the hummus. The lentil soup was pretty good, by far the only decent part of my meal. The chicken was so dry I had to drown it in hummus just to force myself to eat it. The koobideh had a weird smell and taste, almost gamey but it wasn't lamb so I'm confused as to what it was. The rice was good, at least they didn't mess that up. The hummus was a disgrace to garbanzo beans. It was so watery and had absolutely no flavor. I make hummus all the time and this is not what it should taste like. As a matter of fact, Costco and Trader Joe's have better hummus than this. Pathetic. The only good thing about this place is that the portions are huge. That's it. For really good Persian food, make to drive to Glendale and try Raffi's Place. Same options and prices but the food is 100 times better and they have great service.
Delicious & filling lunch for under $10 (INCLUDING a huge carafe of turkish coffee).

* Mojaddra wrap: Tastier than I expected. It's lentils & rice & spices (& maybe tahini) in a wrap with lettuce, tomato, & pickles! $5.50 or something outrageously cheap.

* Turkish coffee: A little pricey at ~$3.50, but you get the whole carafe/pot so you can refill the little cup at least 4 times. Perfectly spiced & sweetened.
I've been a fan for a long time, way back driving to Glendale to get my fix before the Pasadena location opened up. But I have to admit, I don't go as often as I'd like because I find them so inconvenient for take out. The wait is always loooooong. Tonight I thought I'd speed things up by ordering ahead and was shocked to find that they will not take a phone order for pick up unless you are ordering kebabs. Really? The food is good, but not good enough for the inconvenience.
There's so much to say about the Middle East. I have been going to shows here for years and have probably clocked in at least 150 here (both upstairs & downstairs). I am a music fan and show go-er that loves comraderie, pride, and emotion in my music. Experiencing a show at the Middle East blends all of these things. For me, intimacy at a show is nice but I also need room to get my dance party on. The Middle East is perfect - less pretentious than Avalon, cooler than The Paradise, has a better lay out than TT's, smaller than Axis, and less sweaty than the ICC. 

The bars here are great: one in the restaurant, two downstairs, and one upstairs. Of course the Middle East has PBR tall boys which is a-ok by me. 

The bathrooms are pretty gnarly.

Oh and the food at the restaurant is pretty decent. A bit overpriced.
The owner really knows how to grill.  Juiciest chicken, beef, and fish kababs I've had in awhile.  Plates come with a heaping mound of rice, your kabab, fresh salad, and roasted tomato.  If you can't eat that much, opt for the wraps instead.

I like supporting small businesses like IM&G, but the prices are a bit steep for what you get.  If the owner is willing to increase the amount of meat, then prices would be more reasonable.  The wraps are somewhat of a better deal, though.

But, if you're on campus (UCSD) and hankering for something other than dining hall food (::shudder::) or the greasy Price Center chains, go ahead and walk or take the bus (get off at the gas station) over to IM&G.  You'll pay the same amount of money but get a far healthier and tastier meal.  Trust me.
Byblos is a great place for a late night burgers.  They are kind of on the expensive side, but they do give you a lot of food.  They're burgers were incredible especially because they put fries in the actual burger along with the basket of fries.  Lots of cheese, veggies and condiments.  The dining area is small but comfortable and the smell of hookah adds to the atmosphere.

The only problem was the service.  Our cashier had a bit of an attitude but other than that, great food.  Definatly going back.
Dis-honest Rip-off.  $57 for two $6 appitizers....one of which tirned into $9 on the bill, an average hooka and a pitcher of miller light.

I was even charged a $7 service charge that was put down in a really confusing way.  I asked our waiter 3 times if that was the tip and he kept beating around the push saying something like "that is split 5 ways with me and so so" so I finally put in $2 more.

This place is a joke... I cant believe they are in business in the US!
Get the falafel sandwich with hummus.

  Crispy crunchy goodness inside a pile of amazing flavors.  

  It's good stuff, Maynard!
There needs to be more meat in your pie! It  was delicious -- nicely seasoned with herbs but I need a thicker patty, guys!!  Heating it prior to serving is a great touch though. 

Wish I would have stolen a bite of Dawn's schwarma too.. the gahhhlic smell was intense but yummy!
I had the kufta kabob plate and bf had the lamb shawarma plate.  Both were served with warm pita bread.  Lots of food. All very yummy.  No atmosphere, but good food and decent prices.  Probably best for take-out, but we opted "for here" and we were not the only ones to do so.
One of the best  shawarma, hummus n falafel. Not expensive and worth it.
Best and FAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTT Greek Food ive ever had. If your in a hurry this is a great place to get IN & OUT (And i dont mean the FastFoodRestaurant,( heeh!). 

It was my first time coming here, my godsis took me here since i had told her i was craving for some Greek food. I came down from Nor*Cal and she took me here and even though its small the people here are soo friendly and welcoming.  The guy who seemed like the manager or the owner had this SMILE and his voice that would make you happy that your there. He even made sure we had the right sauces for what we ordered, i ordered the lamb wrap that was soooooooo fulfilling.

My Godsis and i decided to dine in and the place was very clean even had a few tables outside too. Overall the food was Great and its a perfect place to just relax and eat amazing food. I will definatly come back when im back in Pasadena.
Very romantic and nice place. I went there with my girlfriend last saturday and the dinner was just perfect! The waitress was  very friendly and positive. The food was tasty! Don't even think .. this place is what you need if you want do to something special for the weekends
It doesn't get any better than this...seriously the best sandwich ever.  They have vegetarian options for the non meat eaters out there...I've only tried the chicken...but want to go back to try the lamb and beef .

Mostafa is the guy who runs the place and he rocks.
I love this place! My favorite meat is CHICKEN and Zankou is just the place to go to satisfy my chicken craving. I usually get the number 2 combo (half a chicken with hummus, pita, tomatoes and beets. The new addition to Zankou's side sauce is Tapato!! MMMMMmmmm it adds an extra spicy kick combined with the graclic sauce who could ask for more! :)
I'm not a fan of lamb, or gyros, but Cedars is definitely an exception! I haven't had this good of a (lamb) gyro in a REALLY long time. Skip the chicken. We ordered everything from the to-go window on the side of the restaurant and waited for about 5 minutes. 

The hummus was slightly sour than usual though. 

--
PHOTO: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yqQ6Umb2Rc9mJcsgxswt-A?select=T6DUErv57DvCR0p5ICMk4w
The Middle East is a Boston/Cambridge music venue staple.  They showcase every kind of act from local bands to up and comers to a few bigger names.

The last time I went there (quite awhile ago) it was to see the Suicide Girls Burlesque show in the downstairs area.  The room is much larger than I had expected, though with the low ceiling, the stage doesn't feel very big.  The staff handling the event were very chill even though it was a pretty rowdy event.

Anyone visiting Boston/Cambridge (esp. rock lovers) and has some evening time on their hands should check out a show at any of the Middle East venues - you won't be disappointed, this is the real deal when it comes to rock venues.
they love butter.
you know how i can tell?

because its in everything.

service was HORRIBLE.

but the waffles were great. redeeming part.

meh, won't go back though.
A student lunch joint serving great middle eastern and mediterranean food in the heart of the University area.  Great kefta kabobs, basmati rice, dolmatas and tzatziki sauce.
If I had Youk's arm I could hit this place with a baseball from the window of my apartment.  Sadly I dont make millions a year playing a game, however I do have a pension for late-night eats; especially on the weekend (read: drunchies).  When 2am rolls around and I'm fumbling home there's nothing better than a falafel sandwich from Moody's.

However, I've also discovered that there's more to Moody's than falafel sandwiches and have taken out dinner (sober) on a number of occasions.  The Super Combo Plate seems to be the best value and selection.  It comes with pita, falafel, and chicken or beef, plus a load of salad, hummus, baba ganoush...  you get the idea.

I've had better falafel (not in Boston, sadly) and the prices are average, hence the 3-star review.  It's a solid 3 stars, however, so dont let this dissuade you from dropping by on the walk home some Friday night.
I must say this is probably my new favorite find!
My friend introduced me to Falafels Chicken Shawarma after a long night of dancing and drinking. They are open wicked late which is always a good thing but this Chicken Shawarma thing is amazing!
Eat one of these after a night a drinking and you will wake up hangover free with a happy belly =)
So good! So much better then some greasy pizza or the normal drunk munching.
 I've also had this sober and still love it!
a very well-liked very popular very basic very fast mediterranean place in the backyard of Brown (aka parking may be a problem) that does an excellent job for its efforts and is well under the $10 range for a meal. the hummus is very fresh, ditto with the falafel (very fresh and crisp, and not drenched in generic overused flavor-killing oil), wonderful hint of mint in the tabouli -- i imagine the rest on the menu must also be excellent. big portions! a must-visit!

it's also right down the street from the post office, so if you're done with your mailing needs and are hungry, it's definitely not a bad idea!

as for a quick comparison to other well-known cheap falafel places (think mamoun's in NYC and the like) -- mamoun's is more of a greasy spoon. it's extremely cheap, and it does the trick, and it's pretty fresh -- but east side pockets feels healthier and fresher. and for the price, honestly, it's quite good.
Algiers is another of my Harvard Square favorites. Pop in and sit upstairs. You can sit and chat and sip tea or coffee (or have a small bite to eat) for as long as you want. Watch students and couples come and go. It's hard to be stressed here.

The ambiance really does feel like a spot you'd find in Algiers. It's worth a visit.
Om nom nom nom.

Some of the best grub on Thayer St. I recommend the Middle Eastern platter. It's got a little bit of everything on it, which is perfect since I can never decide what I want.

The grape leaves are the best I've ever had, and I especially love that they douse them in tzatziki yogurt. The rice inside is cooked perfectly and is well seasoned.

They also have the best felafel in the city, and probably the best hummus too.

Not only is the food awesome, but the prices are fantastic. Don't just walk by this place. It's a gem.
Great Mediterranean food every time I eat there.
The Falafel Palace (a former White Castle) is hands down where you get a quick bite to eat in Central. It is often the winner when I eat out with my vegan cousin. 

Who thought it was possible to feel that full and happy after eating just a falafel sandwich? It hits the spot - the servers are nice more often than not but the interaction is short and you can walk out the door minutes later with your food. If you don't want the falafel sandwich, I suggest the chicken and lamb shawarmas, so fucking good. 

I don't recommend eating inside unless you don't mind the very cramped counter-style seating. It's open until 3am I think wednesday to saturday, so as you stumble home from the bar and your too far away from the hong kong or cinderellas, this is the place for you.
so we plopped down and set up camp on colorado blvd. on new year's eve-morning to stake out a spot for the rose parade.  and luckily for us, zankou was right across the street.  we had never tried it before but i had heard about it and immediately planned to check it out for dinner.

i expected to be disappointed but turns out it was the opposite.  we ordered the kabob plate with chicken and beef.  the plate was more than enough for both of us and we were stuffed all for $10.  the meats were flavored really well and were cooked perfectly.  the kabobs sat on a bed of jasmine rice and some slivers of onion.  it also came with a cooked whole tomato, some pickled rhubarb (i think) and peppers.  to put the plate over the top, there was some delicious hummus and three pitas to dip.

i'm finding a zankou's near me cause that was freakin good.
I definitely want to go back again! I enjoyed the Mantu/Manto (?) dish which is basically tiny dumplings covered in a yogurt tomato sauce. Service was great and the area in general is just so lively and fun!
Great food and great service, I dont know why people are complaining about service. The workers all greet you with a smile on their face and they even come up to your table after you got the food to ask you how was the food and if we needed anything else. Just lovely!

ordered, 1/4 dark chicken plate. the chicken was superb! not dry at all with crispy skin.

combo kabobs, lule and tri tip, the lule is packed with flavor while the tri tip was on the dry side, but all you have to do it dip it in the hummus.

chicken tarna, way too dry for my liking

the order came with pita bread and garlic paste, the garlic paste was the best thing out of everything i ate.
Maybe it's the time of day that I go to Zankou (between 3 to 5p.m.), but the rotisserie chicken is usually dry, dry, dry.  Even the dark meat is dry ???  I have ordered a whole chicken about 5 times, and 4 times it was so dry to where the wings were burnt to a crisp and/or unedible.  The breast is too dry to even make chicken salad out of (unless I wanted to use a whole jar of mayo to moisten it).  Only once, the first time,  was it moist & delicious - and I keep ordering it to recapture that 1 good time.  Today, not only was it Sahara dry, but it was also under seasoned.  So I give up.  I will go to El Pollo Unico or Loco, or to the grocery store and buy a rotisserie chicken instead.  It may not be seasoned the best, but at least it is juicy.  Or I can go to Sevan Chicken and get their tasty little chickens.  The chicken kebabs are a big problem too.  They give you one dark meat, and one white meat kebob ... but they cook them the same amount of time! ? So the white meat is overcooked & dry, but the dark meat was not done at all- it was pink inside.  So I took it back & exchanged it for a dry ass rotisserie chicken.  For kebabs, there are none better than the Mediterranean Cafe - hands down the best.  I will only go back to Zankou to get their garlic sauce, the pickles, and their hummus... to eat with someone else's chicken.
Upstairs is a small venue but they have live bands almost every night.  It seems a little odd, but you walk through the restaurant and pay someone sitting in the back by a door.
I really, really, really wanted to love this place. I love middle eastern food, but sadly I found the food to be very bland and my chicken seemed undercooked (pink inside). I was so disappointed. Also I didn't find any dessert options here. The best part was probably just the mango juice out of  can. Can't really go wrong with mango juice.
A Thayer St veteran. East side pockets is a great place for a gyro or falafel wrap at a great price.
This is one of the tastier right-next-to-campus lunch options. I've eaten here a few times. Service is friendly and I would return, but I wasn't blown away by anything.

I like the grilled veggie platter ($8) -- the portion is fair and the veggies are flavorful and nicely cooked, and it comes with hummus, pita, fries or rice, and two little sides. My dining partner enjoyed the grilled salmon platter ($10). Prices are okay for the amount of food you get -- not a bargain, not a rip off.

I was disappointed by the hummus and the falafel, though...with a name like 'Hummus', I expect fantastic hummus, but this stuff was just okay. Saad's over on 45th has creamier, smoother hummus and falafel balls with better texture.
I went here with my family hoping for a good gyro! We went around lunchtime on UCLA's graduation day and there was one person in the whole place, that should have been clue number one. Every other restaurant we passed was packed, but because my son wanted a gyro and I read decent reviews on Yelp we headed here. We did not like the gyro meat at all. The fried potato slices tasted stale. The falafel plate was fair at best. To top it off a man came in to fill up his jar with hot sauce from the sauce bar and proceeded to pour it all over his hand as he put it in the jar, which then dripped back into the big bowl. He then went outside and sat on a bench and drank it. This experience has been dubbed by my children as "full awful!"
I haven't been to the restaurant yet but their hummus = crack.
Most definitely my new favorite hang out in Boston. Thank god I found you, Middle East!!! My hubs and I went there Sunday night to see Islands concert and weren't sure what to expect. We surprisingly got there early and were promptly seated for a delicious meal (and cheap!) I got the Hoomus plate and Middle East salad with feta. It was awesome! Hubs got the chicken schwarma and I ate off his plate happily, as well. Our server was great. Then the sexy belly dancer started and I wanted to steal her outfit! Dollar bills went a flyin! Downstairs at the concert it was hot as hell, but Islands rocked out and I was three sheets to the wind by that time so who cares?
Habibi Cafe is one of those so so places. Nothing to get excited about. DO NOT sit inside...ugh the smell of hookah when you sit inside gives me the worst headache. The outside seating is much better. Hookah wise its alright i guess.  What i would suggest doing is gatherng a bunch of friends...and getting a VIP table. This meanss they bring you hookahs and a bunch of food. Also you get to see the belly dancers perform and theres a dance floor. Also the service is 10x better. But be warned...it will cost you. I cant remember how many people we were...but every one ended up paying 40 dollars! I can't say it was worth it...but either way your going to atlest have to pay 20 per person for a regular table..might as well cough up 20 extra bucks. This place is not my cup of tea...I'd rather go to one of the hookah places in Burbank. But thats just me!
I love pretty much all versions of middle eastern sandwiches: gyros, doners, shawarmas are all delicious. You can get semi decent gyros and doners in Seattle, but I had never been able to replicate what I ate regularly in Egypt until I came to the Shawarma King! One bite and I was taken back to my Cairo days. The Egyptian movies and somewhat slow service only further the feeling. 

I've had both the lamb and chicken shawarmas, and if they didn't charge an extra dollar for the lamb, that's what I would get every time. But they do, so I go for the chicken, which is also good. I agree with Fatima that there should be more sour pickles in the wrap, but the garlic sauce is perfect! When I first saw the wrap, I thought it was a little small, but I felt perfectly full afterwards, so I think it's well portioned. If quantity is more important to you than quality, sure, walk down the street to the gyrocery. But for me, taste is what matters, and there's just no contest!
I came here on a date for some late night coffee.  

The service was right on, the coffee was so-so and the random musician in the window was amazing!

I love the vibe and I love spending time here before shows the Middle East!
I simply agree with the other reviews here and I crave the chicken shawarma here almost every other day in the week ! They remember that I always order shawarma and tabouli, I think I should try some other things on the menu but I'm addicted to saucy pickled veggies and tabouli :( This is my favorite lunch place in Kendall!!

Edit: Shish kabob plate is also amazing! :D
Take my review with a grain of salt. I tried my first falafel here and loved it so much that I don't even bother to try a different place, so I have nothing to compare it to. But, I've got to say, falafels from Sunrise are bomb! I love the slight crunch and the good consistency, and the sauces they have are yums. I was a tad disappointed, though, when I ordered the avocado falafel and I got like 2 itty-bitty slices of avocado on each half. (btw, my mouth is watering right now just thinking about falafels from Sunrise...). Anyway, Sunrise is delish and reasonably priced. About 5 dollars for two pita halves stuffed with falafel goodness.
Ok before I start - this is a review solely based on lunchtime food - ive not been to the club or for a drink in the evening.

On the plus, the menu was pretty cheap - but then any more expensive and the review would have only 1 star. 

Ordered Tabbouleh and Falafel to start - eh well ok I guess - falafel overdone, and the free pitta was wrapped in plastic wrap - clear indication that not cut fresh.

I ordered chicken kebab. Salad with it was meh, rice was overcooked and the beans that it came with were lukewarm at best - hmm not so much.
Friend ordered a schwarma - but never like a schwarma i have had before. No sauce, none of that lovely yogurty stuff, hardly any hummus and just no taste really - hmm..

Meat seemed not too dubious - as chicken can often be, but that was not enough to salvage such a disappointing lunch. Will not be back.
Stafff is super cool very nice. I love their tri tip shawarma plate. I wish i could afford to eat their food everyday. I guess the only reason why tjey dnt get a 5th star is because their wraps come w only a lil bit of meat.....-_- sometimes wayyyy too little
I heard about this place from my roommate and I've been going once a week since. I am just starting to get into Indian food, and this place has been amazing. I like to get the bowl (rice, red onions, spicy chicken, masala sauce, corn, tomatoes, desi salad, and LOTS of cilatro) since naan wraps tend to get messy for me. I love the food BUT...

During one of my visits, I went in a few minutes after they opened at 11, and I was told that the chicken wasn't ready yet. Okay fine I'll wait. When it was ready, I went up and ordered... but I had to wait another 5 minutes for the naan to be ready. One would expect that the owners would feel bad and offer a discount, or at least apologize for the ridiculous wait. Nope, none of that happened. 

This place deserves 5 stars, but customer service is very important so -2 stars.
Decent Meditterean food, but defiantely overrated. 

They have cheap prices and a very simple menu. The food is fresh, but I've had better pita sandwiches other places (i.e. more flavor, spice, garlic etc.). I also wish they had more options as I tend to like lamb when eating this type of food.

But a great quick bite to eat for work lunch or in between classes.
I only had the combo shawarma (chicken/beef) and it was pretty good. For about $10, it's not a bad deal, although I think it could be cheaper for lunch, but at least they do give you a TON of meat on your plate. I can be a pretty big eater, but I didn't even finish half of it and took it home.  They also give you some pickled purple/pink radish-like things and hummus and a yogurt-like side dish with garlic-y butter (I have no idea what these are called...other than the hummus).  They also give you two large flatbread pieces and there's a surprise tomato lettuce salad underneath all that meat.  Honestly, you can buy just one dish and it's plenty for two people (a cheap date night).  The food was very good...it almost tastes like the chicken was sprinkled with those seasoning salts you get at Bob's Big Boys or the Lawry's seasonings.  I would definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.  Oh...and the parking is tricky...it's this narrow passageway behind the McDonald's parking lot. Don't park at the back of McD's...they will tow you away (according to their signs).
So part of this is based on the fact that it is the only hookah lounge in providence. However, the staff are incredibly friendly (so make friends especially if you want to come here on Friday or Saturday nights when its packed). The food is pretty good nothing exceptional. I usually get the lamjoun (sp?) and the hummus along with some green iced tea. Hookah flavors of jasmine and rose are a must try but stay away from double cherry (gets really strong in the end). Cool atmosphere, mixture of Brown students and high school kids (ew!). Definately a place to check out with a crew of four or five.
A girlfriend of mine who I've known since NURSERY SCHOOL came down from San Diego a couple weekends ago, and so we caught up over lunch.  We both grew up stomping the streets of Westwood Village in the 80's, so when we got together recently we did what old(ish) folks do - talk about the past!

One thing that brings back memories is FOOD.  We used to go to Stan's Donuts way back when and get their awesome Reese's Peanut Butter pockets (oooooh) - and we used to get falafels with extra potato chip things from Falafel King!

So though I haven't seen her in 10-odd years, this is how the plan was set:

Her: Lets go to Westwood!
Me: Okay!
Her: Guess where I want to have lunch
Me: Falafel King!
Her: OMG how did you know???!!!

I remember eating whole side orders of those devilishly crunchy fried oily battered potato chips, dipped in their tahini dressing.  This was when we were in high school, young and blissfully unaware of the effects of fried foods and carbs and fat on our supple young bodies : ).

Today, at 40, we know the whole ugly story, and we STILL eat them heehee!!  

Come on, this place has huge plates of meats and hummus and vinegary dressed green salads and spicy eggplants and falafel balls - for SUCH A GREAT PRICE.  We figure the food is healthy otherwise, so what's a few fried things to round out the experience?  It really wouldn't be the same without those fried potato chips!

Ahh, my inner child is so very happy now : )
Veggie salad comes with hummus. So good.

Awesome.
Delicious and verrrrry reasonably priced.  Like many of the other reviewers, I also am a devotee of their falafel, which frankly is a little sad for me since I'm leaving Ann Arbor and will be forced to live without it.  Also amazing is the fattoush.
This place is delicious and is in walking distance of my apartment.  Try any of the shawarma plates, I almost went back for seconds.  The atmosphere is great.  It's a perfect place to grab lunch while working on a paper.  I ordered to-go, and was out the door within minutes of ordering.
This place is great when you're hungry.  Your order arrives at light speed, generally before I am even finished filling up my drink, but that doesn't mean it is dry from sitting around.  I usually order the chicken and my friend orders the steak, and we swap a kabob each.  Both are always well cooked and juicier than most Mediterranean places I've been to, and the prefect amount to fill us up.  Plus, they have outdoor seating, which I don't think there is nearly enough of in SoCal!  My favorite thing about this place has to be their sauces though.  The white garlic one, and red spicy one with lots of kick! 

Beware though: this place (like so many of my favorites) is closed on Sundays.  Normally that is -1 star for me but Mediterranean CAfe still receives an extra star for great food, quick service, decent portions, and friendly staff.
Whenever a group of my friends and I have a hard time deciding where to go to eat, we always choose Aladdin Falafel Corner. This hole in the wall restaurant is always a safe and satisfying choice to myself, my friends, and many other college kids. Aladdin's is a great restaurant to eat tasty food for a cheap price. 
 Aladdin's food is not the normal run of the day meal. They have a wide variety of authentic Indian food. But their signature dish is the jumbo lamb and beef gyro. They serve this order with grilled tender beef and lamb, with slices of onions and tomatoes, and their delicious tzatziki sauce. All these ingredients are put in soft pita bread, which causes your taste buds to fire with euphoria. If one adds their crispy fries to their meal, it becomes the ambrosia of the avenue, and along with an affordable price of seven dollars.   
 Also, the service is exceptional for the kind of restaurant Aladdin's is. The people who work there give off a friendly and comfortable feeling. They can work at an efficient rate, handing your order to you in five to ten minutes. Upon leaving, they will always give one a kind gesture, such as telling you to have a good day. I often see a good amount of people tipping them on the way out.  
Aladdin's is not the most luxurious place to eat at, but it's not that kind of restaurant. Aladdin's give one the experience of having a delicious meal at a cheap price.
IT'S SO GOOD! And it's so cheap! And the portions are huge! And the food is fresh! And they make it how you want it! Seating is plentiful! It's clean! What more do you want?! My only regret for moving I VA from MD was leaving behind KK (ok and RJs Cafe). Cherish it friends. You don't know what you got til it's gone!
Restaurant was busy the night we went and it impacted the experience a bit. A too-long wait for our table (15-20 minutes beyond our reservation) followed by a too-long wait for the first visit from our waiter. Once he arrived, though, things went pretty smoothly. Wonderful food--we split a lot of small plates, allowing us to sample a variety of dishes. None disappointed. Friendly folks, too. All in all, a very good, albeit slightly diminished, dining experience.
Ate here this afternoon with my boyfriend for a late lunch. The food was wonderful! Seriously wasn't expecting to find a hidden gem like this here in Pasadena. (This place is down right around the block from Pasadena's Ice House. This place is also next to Love Birds Cafe and a Japanese Restaurant named Japon) The food is Lebanese, with perhaps a mix of Hispanic culture? Well we had a side of pinto beans... so maybe? Well whatever it is, it was delicious. I ordered the veggie combo and my boyfriend ordered the Lula Kabob plate. His meat was a bit skimpy, but the other items were very generous. You are given an unlimited amount of deep fried pita chips and half split pita bread with your meal. 

The meal also comes with a delicious spicy eggplant dip. I believe it's called eggplant cavier. (I know it's really popular in the Armenian culture... I have a good friend who introduced me to the whole Armenian food culture and it's incredible!). You can actually purchase eggplant cavier at the Armenian stores if you love this stuff so much. 

This place also sells some delicious looking pasties, but unfortunately we were too full to purchase any and didn't feel like ordering any to take home. 

Pedro, I believe the owner or manager of the restaurant, is very friendly. He greeted everyone who came into the restaurant. He handed us a menu and made some suggestions for us. Him and his staff were more than accommodating. 

Parking out front is the 1 hour street parking. But a few blocks down, you can find 2 hour street parking if you want to check out the other shops around. 

I would go back here in a heartbeat, so try something new and come and eat here!
Friendly, informal, palate-flipping local veggie fare. Most likely served by a  member of Tom's family.  Enjoy eating on-site in their new remodeled space, or purchase  their tabooley at local grocery store ! 

Undercelebrated are their stellar coffee drinks and intruiging to-go snack fare. Also, a casualty of remodeling was Tom's shrine to the Chicago White Sox; I miss that. 

If you are having a tough week, try a Thai falafel wrap to right your ship.
I hate to complain about restaurants I order from past 10pm, but this was just an amazing example of disorder and rudeness.

My order was delivered 30minutes past the Foodler confirmation time - I had to let the phone ring for over 10minutes (I wish I weren't joking) to even get someone to answer - and when they finally did I was yelled at and told the driver was 2 minutes away?  He of course wasn't, and I didn't receive my cold food till 24minutes after the horrendous phone call.

If you are masochistic and enjoy recooking your food, this is the place for you.
We had the hummus, chicken shawarma, and lentil soup.

Then lentil soup was competently okay, the hummus was good, but the shawarma was just desperately sad.  I mean, it tasted fine and all, but it wasn't really chicken shawarma, it was the dish that somebody might make if they'd had chicken shawarma explained to them by a person who'd had it explained to them by a person who'd eaten it once.  

Combine that with the sad bagged pitas (I have to instantly downgrade any Middle Eastern place that doesn't make fresh pita, because few things in life are as delicious as fresh pita with hummus), and... well, maybe it's Ann Arbor's best Middle Eastern place, but Dearborn really isn't that far away, and it'd be worth the drive to go somewhere better.
Get tea or coffee.  THATS IT.  Trust me.  Maybe things have changed since I left AA, but... I knew quite a few people that worked there, "studied" there, slept there, woke up there... and the horror stories of what went on in that kitchen are not things you'd want ot share.

Drink the coffee or the tea and don't touch the food.  Forget eating.. don't touch it.

But, the upstairs was a great spot to watch the Naked Mile!!! haha.. I'll give them that.  Plus, if you were in the "in" crowd up there, it was comfy and relaxing up there.

If you didn't belong you wouldn't find a seat.  books, jackets, mugs, plates were on every table.

That said, it was a fun time.  probably what college is all about anyway.
To be honest, the main attraction for me is the fact that it's just two doors down from my apartment building. That said, the food here (at least the shwarma sandwich, as that's all I get) is decent.

I've had REALLY good shwarma and falafel before. Let's get one thing straight -- this isn't REALLY good. But it's by no means bad and it is something approximating authentic. The meat is pretty tender although not nearly as well-spiced as really good shwarma, and the hummus is excellent...very thick and creamy, with a real hummus taste -- not the over-garlicked, over-lemony crap that so many other places use. It's not that cheap, but not overly expensive either, especially since the sandwiches are pretty big.

In any case, Hummus benefits from the fact that Philly is seriously lacking in decent Lebanese/Mediterranean options.
I love Pita Pita! I go there every time I get to Pasadena, sometimes every day that I am there. Their hummus is absolutely fantastic! Everything I have tried is yummy. Pedro is very friendly, and remembers me. Try their lamb and their chicken. You can't beat this for a wholesome lunch or dinner at a good price.
Wow....

I was really dumbfounded when I realized I didn't have a review for Zankou (pronounced -Zahn-Koh, not ZAAAN-Kooo)! 

Zankou Chicken is much much more than a tasty chicken spot.  Zankou has become a staple of Glendale culture and take out dinners.  From as far back as I can remember Zankou chicken was always the right answer to 

"I'm too tired to cook today, what should we eat?"

"Just pick up a chicken and shawerma plate from Zankou, and tell them to put extra garlic this time!"

Zankou makes a MEAN rotisserie chicken and I challenge you to find a better one.  The skin is golden and crispy just bursting with flavor, and the meat on the inside is always tender.  

If you hadn't already noticed from the other reviews, Zankou's garlic sauce is untouchable.  I have seen many a restaurants try to replicate or serve their own version and I must admit...they DON'T step! 

Prices here are very reasonable and it's a quick ordeal!  I understand they have a few locations now so if you can find one close to you...I say try it out for lunch!
Tried this for the first time today. We spilt the koobideh combination. Plenty for two! It might seem pricey but you definitely get enough for two meals. Both meats were tasty and moist. I got a side of fries that I could've done without. Nothing special. I'd recommend not choosing fries as a side...can't speak to the other option of soup.  Overall good stuff!
I went here for drinks with some friends last week and had a nice time.
We were in a lounge room upstairs -- I never got to see what downstairs looked like.

We were joining some friends that had already got a table upstairs. There ended up being 9 of us total on a U shaped cushioned bench and we were a bit squished, but this was in no way Byblos fault. We brought it on ourselves. More of our friends came later but had to sit at the adjoining seating.

The ambience was pretty cool and the lighting just right, though someone did come in and dim some rope lights dimmer. The music was a bit loud to start, and got extremely loud at one point. There was a man drumming and I wasn't sure if he was with the table he was drumming for or if he worked there. The music got the loudest when he was playing.

Our waitress was very friendly and attentive to all of the tables she was serving. She was exceptionally nice when I asked before ordering if I could have a separate check and she offered to separate checks for all 9 of us if we wanted. So many places see this as a hassle and I thought it was great that she offered so nicely. We didn't get a hookah but our friends who were there first did and she was very attentive to making sure the coals were going. 

Didn't really get to sample the food. Two of my friends ordered hummus platters which I got a taste of. It was pretty good, though it was the second time I've had hummus and I thought the first time was better.

Make sure you check the receipt for the tip -- I thought it was included because we had a larger group, but from reading other reviews it may be for everyone. I caught it myself, but others in my group may have overtipped. Even if so, our waitress was awesome, so we probably wouldn't have minded as much. Not sure what someone else is saying about having to order hookahs. Most of us didn't have hookahs, but plenty of drinks.

Overall we had a very good time and I'm sure we'll be returning.
Mediocre at best. Avoid. It's not fresh. I've gotten sick here. Enough said.
LOVEEEE THIS PLACE!
I first came to this place about 3-4 years ago, and I still cannot get over just how good their food is. Every friend I've brought here also loves it. The location is kind of hard to see from the street front on Lake, but generally speaking, the location is easy to get to. 

I've always gotten the Chicken Shawerma and I've never gotten anything else. It is THAT good. Depending on my appetite I either get the pita wrap version, or the whole plate. The plates comes with rice, a small portion of salad, hummus, a pita bread, and of course the chicken (juicy, tender, flavorful, just pain delicious). Pricing is generous and they're super fast at getting you their food. Plus, they always give me as much extra of their garlic spread and hot sauce as I want! 

This is a Mom and Pop shop so the restaurant is small, but there's indoor and outdoor seating and most people order to-go so I've never had a trouble with seating. The ONLY thing I have to complain about is their hours. They open late and close early and even earlier on Sat, and closed on Sun. Also, they sometimes take family vacations and take off for weeks to a month at a time, making me very chicken shawerma deprived! :( But apart from that little aspect, this place is amazing, it's absolutely worth trying.
This review is on Tallula's for dinner, not as a bar or club.

Good food, maybe a tad overpriced.  Waitstaff seemed a little pushy, at least for my taste, but overall the service was OK.  The baked hummus was delicious.  Had one of the doner kebab specials (weekend only) for dinner and it was good, but like I said, somewhat overpriced, especially considering doner kebab is street food in most places.
Zankou chicken is a chain that has got it right.  Their food is fresh and delicious.  I'm not sure that I've ever had the roasted chicken (the source of their name), as I always get the shawarma.  I've had both chicken and beef shawarma plates and they are both great.  The hummus is great, as is the tabouleh.  Look, this place is not fancy.  But their food is really good.  Now, this is probably not the place for someone who does not like garlic, because there is lots of garlic in their food.  But for flavorful, inexpensive, well prepared fast food, this place rocks.
The Great:
- Mazza Salad (deep fried home-made pita chips + pomegranate hot sauce + tabbouli salad) =  AWESOME.
- Kafta Kebab Roll-Up (yummy salty kafta balanced just right with lettuce/tomato/tahini in syrian bread) = Favorite
- Hours (Open till 3am)
- Accepts Credit Cards (Over $15)

The Good:
- Chicken Schwarma Roll-Up (pickles strangely yummy)
- Chicken Kebab Roll-Up (maybe a little dry)
- Baklawa (why it's spelled with a "w" instead of a "v" - I don't know)
- Fatoush Salad (basically, the best part is the fried pita, so you should just get the Mazza Salad instead)

The Meh:
- Falafels (bland)
- Hummus (bland)
- Lamb Kebab (dry)
Our office ordered take out here for a meeting. We were given a buffet of options-  veggie falafals, chicken and beef shwarma, hummous, tahini sauce, rice, greek salad, drinks, and baklava and cookies.  Everything was so delicious!  Not too many places offer a selection when they deliver.  I'm sure we'll be ordering from them again.
Listen, if you want a quick bite to eat during lunch or a cheap eat for dinner this place is it!  The best thing they got here is their Beef & Lamb Gyro.  The meat is generously portioned inside a warm pita with lettuce, tomatoes, tzatziki sauce, and their special cumin spices.  The service is quick and always consistent.  $5 will get you a gyro including tax.  So sit and enjoy this delicious treat or take it with you while you stroll the AVE.
Was at Lil Woodrow's and worked up an appetite. Hopped next door since at 11:45pm, they're OPEN sign was still on, thank goodness!

I've been here about 4X during regular menu hours but I've never tried they're Late Night menu. The menu has 3 Appetizers & 3 types of Sandwiches. I had the "BEEF" sandwich that's not on the late night menu but he said he could make it specially. So sweet of him :) Btw, the waitstaff was very polite & generous with helping us decide. Hummus tastes the same like anywhere else. Baba ganoush isn't typically the normal creamy one I prefer.. it's a brown color so I'm assuming they're just missing the cream? or this just might be the "Turkish" way of preparing it, nevertheless, it was yummy for my late night craving. I've taken a few first-timers here & i usually order the sampler appetizer with the "pickled" pink cabbage, hummus, tabouli & other sides.. i love variety!

The tea is wonderful! The way they serve it is in a cute little "hourglass" looking cup & a side of sugar cubes.

The lamb, beef, meatball & chicken kabobs I've tried are almost topnotch & I'll always come back for more.

P.S. They got hookah hookah :-) Fun for big crowds out for a smokin' time.
Best mujaddara in town by a long shot, and the lunch special is a nice, big portion for ~$8.
Awesome fresh baked bread. Be sure to ask for the garlic butter, too!
There are not words for how good Zankou is, or how much I miss it now that I live in the Bay Area, nevertheless, I'll try.  First, the chicken is rotisserie, slow roasted and basted in its own chickeny drippings until it is juicy on the inside and crispy skin delicious on the outside.  The beefy, lamby gyro meat is cooked in a similar fashion, all is spiced, all is heaven. The falafel is golden crunchy and soft fragrant goodness once you get into it.  you can get a WHOLE roasted chicken with sides for pretty cheap, but they do halves and quarters as well as sandwiches is you can't commit to a chicken. the purple pickled turnips (or radishes, or carrots, or whatever root veg they are) are sinfully crunchy and tart, cutting right though any residual chicken grease. The hummus is fantastic, but what is really, really good is the little container of white garlic sauce. it is POTENT, but it is so , so good on everything.  seriously, if you are in the LA area, find a Zankou and get a chicken shwerma in my honor, you won't regret it.
I work right in Pasadena and my sister and her friend came to visit me. I wanted to find a place that I had not yet been to and that they would enjoy. We LOVE mediterranean/lebanese/greek food and this place a close by so we thought we would try it out. 

We got there a little before noon and I definitely recommend trying to get a little early because the lunch rush is no joke. I got the chicken shwarma pita and at around $5.75, not a bad deal! Really good, flavorful, juicy chicken. Their garlic sauce is actually really good too. My sister andf friend got a salad and rice with their food. They both enjoyed that. And the food came out so fast! Not because it wasn't fresh and just sitting there but because it was so busy that they had enough people staffed to shoot the food out ASAP. There are both outdoor and indoor seating. The tables are a little pushed close together but this didn't bother me too much. We found seats and had our lunch. 5 minutes after we sat down, the line at the register was literally 20 people long. No joke. 

Definitely a casual setting. You order your food at the register and then they give it to you right then and there. 

If you haven't ever tried Mediterranean food, this place is a pretty good place to start and ease into it without being overwhemled by too much new stuff at once. 

Only tiny gripe about this place is that it is in a very busy plaza, especially during lunch, and parking wasn't the easiest to find. Just park far. It'll be faster than trying to circle the lot looking for close parking.
Casablanca is a decent spot to get relatively well-priced lunch.  The kebab specials are great as they come mercifully packed with naan.  Sweet, wonderful naan.  The ambiance is nothing extraordinary, but the staff are friendly, the food is tasty and freshly and quickly sent to you.  It's well worth adding to your meal rotation.
Some of the worst Mediterranean I have ever had. 

Totally bland and flavorless, and everything tasted exactly the same--like nothing. 

If only I had followed my instinct and gone next door to Med Deli, I would have paid about 1/4 of the price and had at least a decent meal. 

One extra star because the food was light. Always a bonus for the south.
I was expecting more after reading the reviews but the lamb in the lamb and rice was over cooked and stringy.
What a weekly habit Mediterranean Cafe has become. The Chicken Kabob is the definitely the way to go!  The garlic sauce goes over easy on the rice.  The spicy whatever red sauce that comes with it goes to waste for me though; from the reaction that my friends make, it's not something to underestimate.  There are also some grape leave stuff and some other things that I'll never get, but I'm sure are still quite good.  One reason why this place stands out is the food comes at you FAST.  Seriously, it comes faster than you can properly pronounce schwarma.  Overall the setting of the Cafe is nice, I do enjoy looking at some of the artwork which is put on display from the class next door.  It can get fairly crowded sometimes but that changes quickly.  Expect to stand around awkwardly and hungrily (?) while you wait for a table.  Seven dollars might be a little steep for the college student, but if you're in the area don't pass it up.
This place is not just fast. It's furiously fast! I dare you to find me a tasty kebab that's wrapped and ready to go in seconds. Seriously, can any meat beat that? Probably not.

Service here never fails to disappoint! My order always magically appears faster than I'm able to pay. Don't be fooled by the speedy service though. Because your meat still comes out steamy, juicy, and oh-so-delicious.....just like how I like my men. 

Kebab combos come with rice pilaf, salad, hummus, and pita bread. The chicken and lamb kebabs are satisfyingly good. The rice pilaf is alright but I prefer the fluffier Basmati rice. The hummus...good. The salad...good...I guess, but I am not much of a salad muncher. 

Portions are fair. Can't really complain esp. for the price. Heck, there's still probably more meat found on these kebabs than on an ex's pole. 

Tiny place with indoor and outdoor seating. Takeouts recommended.
There usedtabe......outdoor falafel stands in Berkeley..............The best was run by Israelis, it was at the corner of Shattuck and  Center.  Falafels belong outdoors.. but that's a whole  other life, I guess.
Sunrise 
was wise            to open up a neareastern Deli  near  UCB.
It is very popular,
 sure it IS small, and no ATMOSPHERE, 

 but doesn't that make it more authentic? 
(not really a question)
I know I can't finish one of their sandwiches, so I  to go.

Then when I'm on the bus going home, everybody can have a whiff of
some foreign land.............
Bella Pita is awesome!  I usually order the bruin combo which includes a falafel pita, fries and a drink.  All three items come for about 7-8 bucks which is a good deal nowadays.  The pita is great because of the customization ability with the vegetable bar.  The fries are okay, nothing special but also nothing horrible.  I try to stay away from soda but when a place offers Coke cola made by real cane sugar, I just have to have it. 

First time I went here the owner was taking the orders and he made the place feel very welcoming.   Overall a 5 star place for the great food, nice people and the sugar cane coke.  I'll probably get my order delivered next time.
I'll just note that I have not been here for about six years, so their first year or two of operation is my perspective, back when I was a student at RPI. One of my co-workers at the RPI Bookstore recommended me to come here when they opened. When I ate here, I was an ovo-lacto vegetarian through most of college and this was a welcome reprieve from the other foods in the area. This was a sketchy hole-in-the-wall joint next to a laundromat, but the food is very surprising. It had all the elements of a dive, including... a random sketchy-looking fish tank in the corner at the time? The same guy who used to pump $4 cheap pizzas out a block from my old apartment then made absolutely wonderful oven-fired pita bread topped with cloves and brushed with oil, the layers separated on the massive disk offered each time I came. The yogurt I had to go with it is comparable to even what I've had at The Helmand and Oleana in Cambridge. It was just plain yogurt, but very light. I enjoyed the eggplant and cucumber dishes I would order from there, as well as the vegetarian casserole I'd typically order. The casserole was topped by a myriad of vegetables in a spicy sauce on top of rice that I remember was very fluffy. I only ordered non-vegetarian from there once, and I fear my memory fades me from specifics, but enjoying the similarly sauced lamb casserole.

Next time I visit Troy, I'll swing by again, but being no longer vegetarian, I can now try a broader spectrum of their menu.

Dishes to try: Pita w/ yogurt sauce, the casseroles
Friendly employees, healthy portions, and tasty food. 

Had a beef gyro my first time there.

The only complaint I had is that my water tasted a little bit soapy.
Right around the corner from Brown University, I can imagine how this is a favorite spot for the college kids as East Side Pocket's pockets are very affordable and also very very good.  About $5-$7 will get you a pocket, although they're more like wraps, either with falafels, lamb, or chicken.  The chicken was wonderfully cooked and marinated.  My girlfriend got the falafel wrap and even though it was good, I would rather order the falafels separately as an appetizer and dip them into the provided hummus.   In my opinion, having the falafels in the wrap takes away from the taste of the falafel itself.  They sell about 6 falafels for about $4.25 as an appetizer and the workers were gracious enough to sell me only 3 falafels for half the price since I was so stuffed after devouring that chicken pocket.  By far one of the best places I've been to for falafels (and the other one being in Massachusetts about 7 years ago).  What is it about the Northeast and having spectacular falafels??
Though my tried and trued (mentioned in the previous post) never disappoint, any time we've ventured out from those, it's been a miss. My mom ordered the tilapia which was just kind of fishy and not particularly flavorful. My dad ordered the vegetable stew (I think) and it was also a bit bland.

The service is dependably friendly and the place not overly crowded or loud (during dinner at least, though I think they have cultural night events).
DO NOT GO HERE FOR BELLYDANCE! THERE IS NO MORE BELLYDANCE AT THE MIDDLE EAST!!!!

I hope to have a reason to go back, so I can have a better experience and give it more stars, but here's my experience so far:

Ten years ago I went to the Middle East because I heard it was "the place to be"  It was so insanely crowded and rowdy it was impossible for me to have a good time. Needless to say that night was miserable enough to keep me away from this place for 10 years.  

And then the other night, A bellydance group that I really wanted to see was scheduled to perform there. It was posted on the Venue's website, it was advertised in the window of the restaurant, it was posted on the bellydance groups website, and it was posted on the coordinators website. I planned to go to this event on this night, I double checked everything, I drove an hour, hyped up the whole thing to my friend whom I brought with me. (this was going to be her first time witnessing bellydancing).  When we got there I asked the waitress if the group I came to see was playing in the room we were in. She said yes, I wanted to get a good seat. All the good seats were in the front and you couldn't sit in them unless you order dinner. So first I got a drink. Waited a half an hour, was told by the staff that the bellydancers might be there late, so I kept waiting. Then finally decided to sit down and have dinner. (although at this point it was past 10pm and we didn't come for dinner so we werent really hungry) Waited...spent more money. And then was told that the bellydancers were not coming.  Later I contacted the group and the coordinator to be told that apparently, on the spot, on that very day, heck at that very hour, the management had decided to cancel all bellydance events from that day on.  In my opinion, it was done poorly and should have been posted on the website, or at least the staff should have been informed, but the whole thing was miss managed. 

I have to say that the bar tender, the waitress, the other waiter guy with all the peircings were very very very nice to us.  They all felt really bad about it, and they had no information as to why. So I don't blame them.  Also the salmon salad I got was pretty good, and the caramel martini was incredible.  But I didn't come for the food or the drinks, there are a gazillion other restaurants I could of gone to in this city for that, I came for the bellydancing. And now it's gone....how incredibly sad.

The Middle East without Bellydancers is like Egypt without the pyramids.  

I hope the manager reads this so that they will bring back the bellydancers. If they do,  I'd be a regular, I'd bring all my friends and we would spend crap loads of money in your establishment.
I was pleased with the service from this place. I was short $2 to buy their lamb shawarma, they ended up offering me my meal and scored some free falafel. I think this is a good place to get falafel, but go somewhere else for the shawarma.
Boring atmosphere, bad wait staff, bad bartenders that take FOREVER. Interesting music occasionally. I hate to criticize other fellow Yelpers, but people on this thread wrote a review for the Middle East Downstairs, which does have good shows, but it's a different place all together. If the drinks here were dirt cheap to fit with the atmosphere, it wouldn't be bad at all, I just feel like going here costs way more than the experience is worth. I'm also not a big fan of the way the owners do business. But what do I know, I'm just a drunk!
I didn't think I came here that often, but then the dude behind the counter asked me if I wanted the usual.. which is a chicken shawarma with baba ganoush. The baba takes cares of the nearly universal dryness complaint in the rest of these reviews. Plus, it makes for a damn fine shawarma. Really, there should be more dishes with pomegranate. Anyway, the point I'm driving at is that Moody's comes through in spades when you're looking for a quick, cheap meal.
yum.  Very good Mediterranean fare.  Falafels are awesome and so are the gyros.  They sell some of their products to other markets and theres also a market inside.  My favorite thing to get is the Thai Falafel wrap.. WOW.  super good.  Coffee here isn't bad either :)
SEVEN Words for you: "Chicken Kabob Plate, No Rice, Double Salad"

These are the words this sweet man and his crew always shout when I walk in the door.  I've been eating at Mediterranean Cafe for over 7 years (eek! That's scary) - but seriously, it is delicious.  It is so tasty and SO FAST.  Literally, the food is sitting in front of you within 1 minute of uttering what you'd like.  

Cute patio to sit and chat, also seating inside.  

Tips: Get there early enough in the evening to stay a while. He starts serving for Take-out only at 6:30 even though they are open till 7. 

Also - you can't see this restaurant from Lake, you have to go into the parking lot to access it.  Right next to the cleaners & Renaissance Art studio.
The food at the Middle East restaurant is always good.  

I really like their baba ganouj.

At night - however -  the bar tends to get packed with people and they often have loud annoying local bands, which I'd rather just do without.

A mixed bag.  I like the restaurant, I don't like the nighttime bar.
If this place went out of business I would really, really, really be sad.  I've been going to the Falafel King since I was in the 10th grade.  We would walk around Westwood on Saturday night and I'd grab a falafel before my dad arrived to pick us up.  I've loved this place sine 1987!

I have never and will never get anything other than a falafel w/cheese (yellow) pita.  Every now I then I mix it up and all hummus or tabuli.  But the base is still the same.  And the potato chips! OMG!!!
Ok, I came for dinner. First impression is the place is quaint inside (in a good way) save the bathroom, which is disgusting, please paint and remove the graffiti. The waitress was very pleasant and very helpful. I started with the hummus, which was pretty good. I then had the lamb kabob for my main dish. Here the lamb was a small portion, small mediocre pieces and overcooked. The rice and side salad were underwhelming as well.
I liked this place, the hookah was good, the dessert and mint tea were delicious and the staff was very friendly. Obviously this place caters to late night crowds but that's cool, just don't go in expecting to receive a ridiculous amount of attention because the guys are running around like crazy helping out all of the patrons.  I don't think it's a big deal, it's hookah, people that bitch about the service should relax a bit
This place is the shit...they have the food grilled, packaged, with forks and napkins before I even finish saying my order.  I am known to eat their garlic spread by the buckets, and I highly recommend that abundantly smeared along half a pita stuffed with rice, hummus, and chicken sharma.
One of my fav places for shawerma. Disappointed as of late though. Inconsistent portions, forgetting simple things like tahini sauce and the sandwich opening constantly which leads me to request for extra napkins. Some of the staff are great and some just suck huge falafel balls! better to go during lunch time and avoid the workers who are suicidal. In terms of taste when at it's best this place tops all other 'shawerma/falafel' joints. Still a regular
I love falafel. Love it so much - it is good and well-seasoned here. The bread is not the best, true, but the prices are great.
This is not the Indian place - that's Cedars on 50th. This is Cedars on Brooklyn, with great, inexpensive FALAFEL and Kibbeh.

Obviously some of the reviewers here have mixed the places up. They don't serve Indian food here. They serve Lebanese/Middle Eastern food here. Its good, plentiful and relatively inexpensive.
I am happy that KW now has a *nice* place to get some great Lebanese food. 

I tried both take-out and dining in at Arabesque Cafe.  My first experience was sour - instead of giving us fresh fries to accompany our falafels, they took some old ones an reheated them in a microwave.  Gross!

The second trip was much better.  The food was fantastic and presented nicely on our plates...but there was only one server working at the time so the meal progressed slowly.

Try this place. I will be going back.
Ever since first discovering this place from a friend in College I go back whenever I can. On a weekend night it can be very hard to find a table as it fills up fast, but if you can you won't regret it.

It can get loud at times as everyone is very close, but the food and the drinks are amazing. I always get the Cafe Arabica and while it is strong enough to peel the paint off a house, that is how I like it.

Great after a movie date spot.
Delicious and tasty Mediterranean food- try one of the platters that offer you about ten things in a two-tiered tray.  The place is a bit dark (walls are painted red) and is decorated in someone's "I'm not sure if I'm talented, but at least I can be inscrutable" phase.  It tends to be noisy and populated with young artsy types.  *Excellent* stuffed grape leaves.
The bread is really good and fluffy.  Breakfast wowshi is a good deal.  Topping bar is good
Where should I start? The first one will find the precedence due to obvious reasons. But I dont want the rest to feel dejected so I will refrain from naming them individually. a collective announcement is what I have in mind. This cafe is as great as it can get. Everything about it is pitch perfect. May be because this was my first visit. But nevertheless it shouldnt stop me from writing a good review or should it? Visit it yourself to experience it.
The food here was plentiful and delicious and the people incredibly friendly. Highly recommended.
I love this place.... when they get your food right, that is. Great Greek food, unless the guy behind the sound-proof sneeze guard thinks he heard to say BBQ sauce when said Tzatziki sauce......  Still wasn't the worst Falafel I've ever had, surprisingly.
So I've never been here before the bars close HOWEVER the fact that they are still open at that hour deserves some serious credit! The falafel and the shwarma are divine alternatives to the other late night choices in Central (ie. pizza). A roll up will come will include pickles, tahini, lettuce, other goodness, in a soft warm pita...mmmm. Napkins are usually recommended. 

At a certain point in the evening there is a massive crowd in the pizza-box-sized area in front of the counter -- think riding the T at rush hour -- but the 2 guys behind the counter do their best to keep the orders coming at a brisk pace so as not to keep the booze-soaked mob waiting.

The price is right, the food is right, and the proximity to nightlife/transport is right.  You really can't go wrong here, folks!
This place is one of a kind, which makes me comfortable, because it can be easily avoided in the future. 

The food was seriously unimpressive. I had to do all I could not to think about how dirty the place was behind the counter. We wanted our food to go, but after over 10 minutes of waiting, we had sat down. This apparently meant that we wanted our kafta sandwiches to eat here. 

The lady was nice enough, but it took forever for us to get our food, the food wasn't even very good. The place should be shut down until they can figure out what cleanliness is.
I love the band that plays here on Wednesday nights for the belly dancers (well, they did when I went). The food is pretty good, not the best, but they do have a good range of middle eastern food.
Loved this place until...

they tried to charge me $1 as a "substitution" fee for NOT getting cheese in my salad- as if I was making their lives harder. I'm usually not the kind to make a big deal over $1 but in this case, I thought it was ridiculous and couldn't resist from fighting it. After trying to reason with them, they scornfully agreed to let the substitution charge slide that time but let me knew that they wouldn't do it again.

Putting this aside, their chicken kabobs are really flavorful. I just wish that they would give you more than one skewer. It's not quite enough to satisfy midday hunger. The grilled vegetables are also great to have as a side. 

The only reason that I've stopped going there for lunch is that I've found a better Mediterranean food option- Mediterranean Cafe on Lake Ave. I have to say that their chicken is delicious and maybe even better than Pita Pita. 

So overall, if I were to give one piece of advice to those who end up at Pita Pita...
Beware of those substitution fees!
I have been here so many times and each time it is great! I have not found another mediterranean place with food as good and prices as good as this place. And yes, I have been to glendale. The owner and son are cool and always very nice. The hours are a bit odd but if you catch them when they are open you won't regret it! I have tried the beef and chicken kabobs, and all the sides. Everything consistently tastes good. I recommend this place for lunch but be ready to wait in line. The wait is not ling so do not be put off is you see people standing outside. The other great thing about this place is they are fast! The chili sauce is awesome and I always ask for extra garlic sauce. The kabob wraps are great for a fast meal on the go, they are plenty to satisfy a craving, 2 will put you over the full line.

I recommend this place highly to anyone that likes kabob. I can vouch for at least 7 years of consistent flavor and value.
I never get meat here, so I can't speak about that.  Every time I come, I get the falafel plate, which is salad with dressing, hummus, about 4-5 falafel, and these fried potato chip things.  I also get a side of lentil rice.  With all that and some pita, I am ready to dig in.  Put some of the red salsa sauce on top and it's a taste sensation.  There might be better places, but Falafel King is a tradition for me. Yum!
Mohammed was a nice guy... He said he will make the special gyro (read year-o, NOT jay-ro) fried rice that is the favorite of his customers. As it turned out, it was a special fried rice... pretty darn good! The gyro was awesome too. You guys should come here if you've never been. Seriously.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa seeing this pop up in my Yelp feed INSTANTLY brought me back to college where we scrounged up as much cash as possible for some pizza.

Do they still make it with the special spice?  There was always something non-Italian sprinkled in there.  

Ed sauce is legit.
So, I wish i had listened to all my yelper helpers and tried Green St, but i regret that i did not.  We decided to go to the Middle East because we had never been there either, and I had heard it was pretty good. 

It wasn't... 

It was just ok... we ordered the cold combo, hummus, baba ganoush, and tabouli plate. It tasted great, but something about the fact that it came out litereally 45 seconds after we ordered made me think that they had prepped it in the morning, and it was sitting in a walk-in cooler all day. The pita also came in a plastic baggy??  I still ate it. 

I had the roasted eggplant with chickpeas and rice pilaf... i forget what it was called but it lacked any serious flavor or uniqueness. it was pretty much just un-seasoned, mostly cooked eggplant, swimming in a red sauce, that sort of resembled a marinara... i didn't get it. 

My mom got salmon, and it was this really really thin peice that she was only sort of pleased with. The waiter boy was nice, and i liked his T-shirt.  

I'll go back here to eat, but if and only if, I have a show to go to and no time to eat somewhere else.
I had just finished reading all about Turkey the first time I came here.  I know Algier isn't in Turkey, but it still reminded me of all the little tea and coffee shops my book was talking about.  It feels like an island amidst Harvard Square, quiet and relaxing and just plain cool.  Upstairs, downstairs, inside or on their roof, this place has a great vibe for catching up with friends are just sitting party of 1.  They also have great wraps filled with goodness - yum!  It's definitely a Harvard Square gem and favorite!
First things first, they do like to add lots of hidden fees to their bills, so keep that in mind when you're ordering. 

That being said, hookah was good. I can't say I've tried many hookah places, but it's good enough.

What keeps me coming here is the atmosphere...unlike some other reviewers, I LOVE the loud Arabic music and the lighting. It makes me forget I'm in LA, which is a plus when you're doing a theme-d restaurant. Gypsy just seems straight up boring in comparison.

Habibi's could offer better service or check in with customers at least a little more frequently, but it doesn't bug me too much. It's not a careless thing, it's a foreign thing. Once you get set up with the hookah, there's not much need for constant attention. And you can usually flag someone down if you need a refill. 

I recommend getting coffee here...they serve Turkish coffee in a findzan, not your typical bitter Starbucks espresso.
A heaping plateful of homemade steak and eggs with home fries for around $6?!?! That's unheard of... unless you're at Brookline Lunch.

It's a charming hole-in-the-wall type joint with photography of the surrounding neighborhood hanging on the walls, and it's known for its extremely cheap breakfast/brunch dishes. Though they look good, I'm not a big fan of how their french toast or pancakes taste. On the other hand, their egg platters are fresh, yummy, and unbeatable.

You'd be hard-pressed to find a comparably filling and hearty breakfast for a measly few dollars at any other place that does not have golden arches.
I haven't tried every falafel place in town, but of all that I've tried, this is the best. Delish!
I used to love this place, but it has really gone downhill.  The new owner or manager or whoever he is is kind of a drag.
They used to have delish green falafel, but no more.
You can no longer sit down in there since they re-did it.
The drink selection has gotten worse and more sugary.

too bad!
I'm gonna give this place four stars simply because it holds sentimental value, i havent eaten here in over 5 years, but this one time i was with a bunch of dudes doing dude stuff and acting like dudes, i think we were on our way to some jungle party that night or something, and my friend Robert being the dumb ass that he was says 
Robert: "i'm stupid i'll do anything on a dare"
Me: "oh yeah? alright tough guy, get one of those green chilis bite the tip off and drip it in your eye like eye drops."
(crowd of dudes oooooohhhh thats a good one)
Robert: "i'll do it man, for money i'm fucking hungry..."
(crowd of dudes pitch together about $4,50)
Me: "do it pussy!"
(he did it... oooooohhhhh!!!)
Robert:"it doesnt hurt man *teary eyed*

hahahaha, his eye got all inflated and instantly swollen and red... but he was a trooper, we partied hard that night. I miss being stupid and iresponsible... shit who am i kidding, i'd do it all over again and not change a thing.
This is a fantastic place for a relaxed and delicious Sunday brunch.  Be sure to ask for jam with your toast, it tastes homemade and is fantastic.  I also recommend the spinach-mushroom-cheese omelette, this is one of the few places that gets the eggs just right - not too runny, but not rock hard either.  

It can be a little hard to find, but it's worth looking for.  Trust me, when you've been wandering about Boston searching for breakfast, bleary eyed and hungry, Brookline Lunch is a dream.
Unfortunately the place is souring rapidly. I've been coming here for a while and while I used to appreciate the ambiance and food, the service has been consistently worsening for a while now. I needed a quick drink while on a break from a class at Cambridge Center for Adult Education. Came in and sat at the bar in front of the entrance hoping to order quickly to go. One waitress noticed me yet decided to continue writing her checks, yes, checks, not a check. Second one, same story, third one, the same - all aware of my presence but apparently too busy/ignorant to ask whether I needed anything.  Finally I heard an unpleasant "Are you ready??" - well, not like I have been looking at the menu or appeared undecided. I asked for a hot apple cider to go. Five minutes later I receive a four ounce (!), poorly steamed drink. "$4.50 please, but I don't have a change", I hear from the waitress. Well, here you go, don't worry 'bout it, I say while paying, and leave. Sorry Algiers, you need to get your food service fundamentals straight.
Since I started working in the area...been coming here about once a month when I'm bored with everything else and it's nice enough to walk a few blocks over.

The chicken shawarma roll up is one of my faves, esp with hot sauce. it's got enough kick to get me chugging down that Orangina.

It's also a plus that they don't go cheap on their sauce. I hate dry sandwiches.

The falafel isn't bad either. This place puts enough veggies in your sammy...the right amount of pickles too.
I love Blue Nile.  The shawarmas are great and try the lentil soup.  It's the best soup I've had.  I would go here purely for the soup.  If I could take home gallon buckets of the stuff I would.  This was one of my favorite places to eat at Purdue.

As a note, don't believe the map as to where it's located.  The address may in fact be correct, but it's on Northwestern around the Subway.  Go north on Northwestern from Chauncey.
The first time I went here a year ago - I would have given this place 4 stars - the wraps were AMAZING - minus the paneer. I would have liked it better with potato as a vegan option (THAT would have given this place 5 stars).

The second time I went this year, it was still good, but the naans are no longer fresh! When I asked for fresh naan, they said it's only for the stuffed naan. The taste was still good, but since it was a veggie, it wasn't as warm as I would've liked. My friend was happy with his steak wrap since that's heated up.
I really like this place. The lady that always waits on me is awesome. She's quick and friendly. If you want a super sterile, gourmet experience then this place isn't for you. 

It is great home cooked food that is always a little bit different, sometimes i get fruit, other times crazy sauces. They are always great. Beware, all of the omelets come with veggies. This is a good thing as far as i'm concerned! Yum!
I've been eating Samir's excellent sandwiches served with a warm smile, and sincere appreciation for every customer as the 'boss' for over a decade on NE 43rd Street. He has only gotten better over time. I almost always get his gyros or shawarma, but I've tried some of the salata and other plates and they always educate me on the delicious things I've kept myself from discovering. His falafel is as unmatched as his hospitality and friendship with almost anyone he's ever met.
East Side Pockets is my standby when I need a quick lunch or if I am super hungry.  The falafel pocket is my favorite.  I am usually really full when I am about halfway done but I still manage to finish the pocket every time.  Definitely get the hot sauce, it is super tasty.  Also, if you want feta, you have to ask for it!  The grape leaves are also delicious!
The inverse relationship between proximity to campus and quality has been imploded. The vegetarian plate! The crispy falafel balls! The stuffed grape leaves! I always almost order the avocado falafel sandwich and decide it's too decadent. Maybe today.
Zankou does have some pretty tasty chicken but that's not enough to keep me interested for very long. I use to eat here quite a lot until I discovered Mediterranean Cafe, which is way better and pretty close to this Zankou location. Zankou has very little selection to offer its customers. I'm tired of throwing out my pickled beats and peppers. Who likes that crap anyway (maybe 30% of their clientele).  At the Med Cafe they give you rice and a salad along with shawarma chicken, a pita, some great hummus, and garlic butter for 7 bucks. Zankou, you need to step it up and get some new side items, that's where you are seriously lacking. I'm gonna continue to hit up Med Cafe for my shawarma cravings and bypass this place until they can get a good combo plate on their menu. I need all five food groups, not just two....you feel me?
Aceituna will be the restaurant I will miss the most when I leave the Kendall Square area.  The falafel is always cooked just right -- not too dry, not too fried.  The shwarma (plate and wrap) is tasty, the kibbeh is excellent, and the stuffed grape leaves are packed with flavor.  Get the 3- or 5-way sampler plate -- it's worth it.

There are only two minor knocks: 1) the place gets *crowded* during the height of lunch, making getting a table almost impossible; 2) they love to overuse the glowing-purple pickled turnips in the wraps.
A welcome addition to Champaign.  

The grilled chicken and flavored sausages were great.  To say the rice was served generously would be an understatement.  The meat was swimming in it.

The quail was okay.  Maybe I just don't like quail.  It was like chicken in the form of frog legs.  All those tiny little bones slow a guy down!

The falafels were great!

Holy Land could use some help from anyone who has ever arranged a room or decorated anything, ever.  The carnival-style fiberglass bench seating is mounted atop exposed plywood boxes, which appear to have been built by the owner himself.  Needless to say, the quality of the food greatly exceeds that of the atmosphere.

The orders were taken and the food was delivered by a waitress, but when it came time to pay the bill, the waitress told us "Whenever you're ready to pay, I'll meet you up front at the register."  I thought this was bizarre.  Just do it like every other restaurant in the world.

Our caucasian waitress was friendly, but left me with the impression that Rantoul was about as close as she ever got to the real Holy Land.

I've uploaded a few photos.  Of the restaurant.  Not the waitress.
In the mood for Persian food, I decided to give this place a try based on its review history.  It's located in a small strip mall just off campus. Parking is horrible, but it's horrible pretty much everywhere around here.  It's a small joint; kind of a mixture between a very small local middle eastern convenience store, and a restaurant. The service is questionable, in the sense that it's mom and pop, and pop is sometimes a little grumpy; I call that character, though I don't blame others for knocking the service.  This isn't really the type of place you go to for the atmosphere.  It is the type of place that has some pretty well made food at decent prices.  The food does take a little long to get out (about 20 minutes for a kebab), but it's done right and with care.  If you're in a hurry, this place isn't going to work unless you call ahead, but if you've got a little time, the food is WELL worth the wait.
My review may be biased because I am not a big fan of Mediterranean food.  My friends always somehow managed to drag me there so I have eaten here on more than one occasion.  They will grill the pita for you, then give it to you to fill it up with the various toppings and sauces they offer.  I always get the Chicken Wowshi (sp?) and am satisfied most the time.  If you get a side order, make sure to get the fried zucchini!
There is no chicken tikka masala here. Nor is there garlic naan, or endless masala chai. This is the OTHER Cedars Restaurant, the little Middle Eastern place with the take-out window. Not the Indian Restaurant on Brooklyn. Ignore all reviews that mention butter chicken.

Anyway, this place is worth a visit. The menu's simple: there are a few appetizers, some pita sandwiches, and some platters. The platters consist of pretty much the same stuff as the sandwiches, but served on rice.

The food's good. The bread's a little tough, and the owners seem inordinately fond of lettuce, but everything's still flavorful enough to give Cedars the edge over the Ave's other gyro places. It might have gotten another star if the platters came with a more interesting salad -- say, fattoush or tabouleh -- rather than yet another pile of lettuce. I have nothing against lettuce, I swear; it's just not a very interesting vegetable.
I'll start with the bad so that it's not all that you remember. Ali Baba's service is pretty bad. There have been times when I've actually left the restaurant thirsty. How ridiculous is that? Waits (whether they're for a table or for a waiter/waitress to take your order) are long when they really don't need to be.

I think the food there is affordable and pretty good. I go to RPI and this is one of the few restaurants within walking distance from campus, so I go there pretty often.

You can pick up your orders. I've never done this, but it's probably a good way to bypass the slow service.
Whoa, check yourself, gourmand. This place is no joke. Large servings, good enough for sharing. Be careful your eyes aren't bigger than your tummy because you are going to want to tear into this stuff in your mind, only to face several plates of leftovers in the end.

Get the hummus. Get the lamb specials on Friday and Saturday nights. The pizzas are also huge. If you're in a group, one option might be to order one plate less than the group comprises and share! If you like eggplant, oh man, there are like a dozen dishes with eggplant in it. Service is good, friendly, etc.
Since this palce opened, its been my favorite place to get a falafel.

I highly suggest getting the hummus plates or the AVOCADO FALAFEL!  SOOO GOOD.

This is more of a take out place since they have limited space and not very much room for seating.  I think the maximum people they can seat inside is 10.  So it's not suggested for groups but for a good quick bite to go.

The prices are pretty cheap, the food really good, the size pretty good, and the service not that bad.

If you are looking for some good middle eastern food near campus, Sunrise Deli is where its at.
The food is on par with the other Zankou locations. However, the service is always hit or miss. The cashiers always look like they don't want to be working there. Parking can be a nightmare when it's busy.
Probably my favorite music venue in Boston area.  Good, varied acts and the sound is good (and loud, especially Downstairs).  Ticket price always reasonable.  All that it should be.

Not sure about the food
I was really impressed by the Chicken Shawarma sandwich here. Tons of meat and very juicy. And I like how there is an array of sauces you can serve yourself. It's also relatively cheap considering its size and deliciousness. 

My only complaint would be the layout of the seating area. The ramp and railings that go down the middle of an already slim restaurant makes awkward and poorly laid out seating arrangements. You're bound to get hit by or hit someone walking through. You also have to jump over a railing or some chairs to get to the table closest to the register. Time for some remodeling or relocating.

Otherwise, this place is a good option for some middle eastern goodness. I'm willing to come back again to try the other items on the menu.
I was in the real Algiers a few years ago and had an awesome time. My friend Rick and I met a lot of ladies and we drank a lot of Coffee, Tea, and warm beer.  We motorcycled through the hills and in the souq. the only bummer was that Rick got totally messed up on some bad weed and we had to come home early.
I've been going to see shows at The Middle East for about 10 years. I have probably seen at least 20 shows, both upstairs and down (mostly upstairs recently). I most recently stopped by in August 2011 and everything was just I remembered it!

This is a tough place to review since it should be split into two venues: the restaurant and the club(s). I think you would find the restaurant averaging a 2-3 and the club averaging a 4-5.

There are so many dining options in Cambridge that I'm not sure why you would pick The Middle East. I haven't eaten here in a couple years, so make sure to read other reviews if you are considering dining. Personally, I've never been impressed with their mediterranean/middle eastern fare, even when I was a decade younger with lower standards.  It could be a fine lunch option given the good prices and less stress on the kitchen (from the hungry, time-pressed concert-goers). 

Upstairs is where the small bands play, and I've seen some great, intimate shows there. Downstairs is for the bigger tours and has a capacity of 550. The sound isn't as good down there and it will take you much longer to get a drink (one Yelper pointed out they only have 2 bartenders working usually). It's also a very large floorspace, so short people regularly get stuck at the back with no view of the stage (not me though--I'm 6'6"). But, it's still a quality venue. The Middle East sometimes has the benefit of moving shows from upstairs to downstairs based on demand--and I think that's why they get some of the better tours.

This is one that would get a 3.5 from me. Due the good memories I have of being here, I'll bump it up to a 4.
Love this place for it's downstairs and the acts that play there. If you're into hip hop this is usually the best place to find it. At the door sucks though and the ceiling downstairs is very low. Bars on both sides make it about as easy as it could be considering the circumstances to get drinks. Pretty cheap PBR and High Life tall boys
Not the cheapest chicken ever, but so good.  I crave their garlic sauce thing!!  It's a must try but their food coloring brined veggie thing is weird.
Came here a few times and I like it because it's secluded and it's a great place to chat with someone.

Not a fan of their espresso mocha... or their really thick coffee.. or their honey cake. 

DID like their mint coffee.

I'd come here to study.
Great food and great deal. Sit at the counter.
I've been to zuzu only on the "soulelujah" nights and I have to say it's pretty fun.  If you dislike dancing I would suggest not going to zuzu on soulelujah nights, for that is really all you do.  Dance. dance. dance.  drink? dance.  I happen to like old school hip hop so naturally I enjoy funk and soul and sort of oldie favorites like Aretha Franklin, Bel Biv Devoe and other sorts of groovy music.  The place gets REALLY packed really fast and if you wait until 11 to get there it is almost guaranteed you will have to wait in line, which is unfortunate for who likes waiting in line?  The music is all DJ provided and the atmosphere is laid back and everyone (appears) to just be having a good time.  Usually little dance circles form made up of friends so going in a group is nice and fun.  The crowd is really quite diverse...in style and age and probably income.  I always have a decent time when I go and love it's lack of pretentiousness.
Now with a full bar
Very social atmosphere
Still with high schoolers

It's been a minute since I'd been to Byblos, and they now have a full bar available to go along with the already decent food and hookah. They have a pretty standard choice of beers, with Blue Moon and Heineken being the most exotic. Nothing too fancy, but it's definitely an improvement.

The atmosphere here is still the same, a very young crowd of 18+ or early 20's in general. It's strange to see giggling high school seniors here instead of the more mature crowd at other hookah places in the city. The staff is pretty fun though, dancing when someone starts drumming on one of the 4 'house' drums. They're fairly attentive too, and bring out fresh coals often so your hookah lasts longer.

My biggest complaint here now is a lack of appetizer sampler. When you're there with a group of two or three splitting a hookah, it would be nice to order a plate of apps, not just single humus and grape leaf platters.
Good service!

Grape leaves were good!
Falafel sandwich is good deal, tasty and adequately priced!

The samosas were tasty as well, but way too small for my liking!
Would go back again.
Ed's is great.  Used to come here all the time when visiting my fiance at Drexel.  My favorite menu item has to be the chicken parm stomboli.  It's incredible.  You should get extra marinara tho, because they use little cups.  Also, if you have a large group they have these enormous, like 30'' pizzas.  Great late night snack.  Great for sharing.  Plus its a conversation piece in its own right.  Don't spend a ton of time around there anymore, but if I'm back down that way I'll definitely stop in again!
A pretty no frills place but you can't ask for more bang for your buck. Great for whether you want to dine in or need to grab lunch on the go - they prepare your order really quickly and you're out the door in about 5 minutes or less in most cases. Their gyros are delicious. They offer a variety of options and at roughly $7-8 a gyro you really can't go wrong. I'm a big fan.
I love this place. I need to go back to Westwood and give it a go again.

When this place first opened, I definitely was one of the first regular customers. They make the falafel and pita fresh (and sometimes right in front of you, although don't know how it is now that they've most certainly gotten busier since they first opened). I recommend the falafel or the pita with beans thingy. You can just fill it up with delicious hummus, sauces, and veggies and the salad bar they have. A couple stools to sit down, but most likey you'll end up standing or walking with your food. Highly recommend it. My only problem with it would be that sometimes certain ingredients in the veggie bar don't taste that ripe, and they raised the prices, so might be a bit on the expensive side for some students.
This place is great. the food is awesome great for finals, if youre looking for something fast yet delicious this is the place for you
Zuzu's Soulelujah is hands down the best dance night in Boston. My five stars go to this Saturday night boogie down gem. I wouldn't recommend going if you aren't looking to dance your ass off. Props to the Soulelujah Dj crew and their immaculate vinyl collection.
Growing up in a household surrounded by Greek Orthodox brethren, teeny tiny little Lebanese ladies, and Jordanian transplants, my middle east taste buds were finely tuned at a tender age. Birthday cakes were surrounded by grape leaves, tabouli, and baba ganoush, and the smells of honey and chickpeas wafted throughout the homes of my friends. 

Needless to say, I'm very picky when it comes to my falafel. Wrapro got it right, though.. Not too dry, not too fried, slightly sweet with a touch of spice. The staff was the right combination of grumpy / happy, and the music was just audible enough for me to think of my dear friend Mary, who's parents used to play super traditional music and lecture her on how American she was dressing and behaving. Those were the days. 

The price is right at Wrapro, but I'm still trying to determine  where exactly the name came from: Are they wrapping pros? Or it that a name brand of some product I'm not aware of?
Mmmm.... Wowshis. There really isn't anything like them. Beef or bean with cheese is the best, in my opinion. You have to wait a couple of minutes for them, because they bake them to order. A fresh-baked pita, full of yummy food, handed to you straight from the oven. And then you fill it with all the veggies you want, hummus, tahini, the spicy chili sauce, and try not to burn your entire mouth.

The falafel is also fried to order and comes out hot and crispy. I recommend lots of tahini, cucumber, onions, and tomatoes. Definitely the best falafel in LA (seriously - and I've eaten a lot of falafel here).

I wouldn't call the food crazy cheap, but compared to everything else in Westwood it's a good value. You get the most for your money with the bean wowshi (and did I mention how good it is?). Someone else complained about the service, but really you're just waiting for them to cook your food to order. It doesn't take any longer than In-n-out.
Don't miss out on some good grub when you are in Westwood. This place is WAY better than Falafel King and the rest. My friend who studied in Egypt for two years told me that eating food at Bella Pita was like eating at any local eatery in Egypt...pure, unadulterated Mediterranean goodness!
I have been a GIANT fan of Moody's Falafel Palace for years and years but I only recently discovered (stumbling out of the Field drunk at 2:09am) they are open until 3:00am!

I'll make this short and sweet!  If you're a McDonalds/Burger King dude/Chick ... they are open late and have drive through.  If you like good food cheap  - eat here!  Lunch, Dinner, or late night you'll always be happy.  It's a cheap take away place with some of the best damn falafel (and other stuff too) around.   What more can I say?
Its not the best place to eat in the area.
I tryed the shawarma chicken it was pretty nice but very small plate.
I tryed also the spicy wings with cheesestake, well the cheesetake is a real shame absolutely not the true flavor.
As for the wings I liked them pretty much but I was surprised that the guy asked me if you want the halal one or the normal one which made me suspicious about the food if they do halal things and "normal thing " in the same dishes so I will not try it again
I used to really like Zaina's and some of the other places in town, but Shawarma King is now my hands down favorite.  We went in based on the stellar reviews they get and were not disappointed.

The guy running the place was really friendly and had some good suggestions for us.  I had the chicken shawarma, which was really flavorful and the pita wasn't overpowering, as sometimes shawarma can be all bread.  My wife had the lamb gyro and the lamb was deliciously tender and not game-y at all.  We also had fries, which werent the best but were definitely better fries than 70% of Seattle restaurants.  Mint teas topped us off and he gave it too us a little weaker than "Middle Eastern" strength, so if you like it strong, let them know otherwise what we got was tasty.

The guy (not sure if he was the owner) gave us free pita and hummus which he was really proud of and which was really good.

We weren't super hungry but the rice pudding had rose in it and I really like rose in desserts so we had it.  It was good but not great and served cold.  The turkish coffee was tasty but I accidentally mixed it when I was being absent minded and got a mouth full of coffee grains...bleck.

Otherwise, sitting at the counter we got to watch the cook who was buzzing around and really efficient at what he did.  The warmth of the service and Seattle's best shawarma will have me going back again.
Really love this place.  The food is always delish and plentiful, and it's a great value for the quality/portions.  As others mentioned, it's very much in the same vein as Chipotle - but with an indian/pakistani flavor to it (and the naan bread makes it so tasty).  This place has never failed to please my tummy. 

Name/branding/marketing and decor could probably use some work (as I think this could grow into a large chain if they work on those elements).  Wish there was one in the district....totally puts 'ROTI' to shame.
I went here on a Tuesday night with a fellow Yelper on her non-Yelp evening (honestly, when isn't it a great time to yelp?)

I have been on a mission to find scrumptious middle eastern food since my escapades in Michigan & ozzie kabobs. My friend recommended this place and I am so happy she did.

The Zuzu (poo-poo platter) appetizer including center flame was very delicious and best for those who cannot settle on filling valuable stomach space with only one entree. Perfect for a couple because all the tidbits are in pairs. There were the spinach/feta in puff pastry, several hummus, garlicy aioli spread, meat kebob skewers, minced meat in a tiny fried pouch, smokey eggplant hummus, rice stuffed in grapevine leaves. 

The assortment is perfect for assembling into a pita triangle sandwich.

The salmon with rice pilaf entree was piled high and savory rice, garlicy green beans and moist fish. The yogurt sauce was slightly bland, but I suppose that is the intent.

We had great service with the manager and waitress regularly keeping an eye on our water glasses and asking how everything tastes.

The nightlife started rolling in as I left. An eclectic, relaxed, original crowd showing up. I will be back!
Delish.

Not much more to add except I felt really silly when I inhaled the veggies they gave us like a salad and then realized, "oh wait, I think I was suppose to stuff this & make a pita out of it with the meat".

Oh, and probably should bring gum if you plan on kissing anyone after eating a plate because it comes with this "OMG MUST SPREAD COPIOUS AMOUNT ON ALL THINGS" garlic paste thing.
If you're not planning to dine in, call well in advance.  They take their time here.  

I've been to Holy Land several times.  I really love the food here and they are very generous with their humus.  Whenever I dine in though, the food takes forever to come out.  The service is alright-- friendly cooks.  

I shared the 6-person meal with 5 other people for $60 (I think). A feast of humus, pita, chicken kebobs, lamb, quail, and other delicious treats came out, but there was a lot more rice than any of the other food.  It seemed more like a 5-person meal with enough rice for 10 people.  I took the rice home and put it in the fridge.  It just doesn't taste as good after it's cold once.
Tried this place based on the good reviews and also walking distance from my school. 

The owner is extremely friendly. So friendly it's almost awkward.

The food is good enough.
Good Lord. I had no idea what I was getting into. I had heard of shwarma but mistakenly lumped it into the gyro category. Unlike the gyro - which is layer of meat, then veggies, then yogurt sauce, EVERYTHING IS BLENDED in the shwarma, and all the goodies are enveloped in a thin wrap. The sandwich itself is the perfect portion for a meal. The restaurant itself has a ton of ambiance and is nothing like the grimy eateries that dot the Ave. Middleastern blankets cover the walls and front booth, along with lots of other fun accessories to create a fun atmosphere. Peace out gyro, I'm with shwarma now.
Rami's is the BEST Middle Eastern/Lebonese food I've had. And it's cheap too! He spices everything just right and uses really fresh ingredients. The falafal are not greasy at all and the baba ganoush is delightfully smokey. The owner makes the whole experience that much more pleasant!
For its price and the convenience of the place being open 'til 3 in the morning, it's the best falafel sandwich or shawarma in town. I also tried their cucumber salad, meat pies, hummus, and baklava. And pretty much everything here is excellent. A word of caution about their chili sauce... now when they ask you regular or spicy, they mean SPICY, their red sauce is delicious but it's really HOT, almost on the level of Desi spicy :) Also, I like the music they're playing there, most of the time it's Amr Diab... one downside to Moody's is that the place is really small, but what the hell, it's cheap fast and delicious food!
Not very good.
This place fulfills my gyro urges. There's nothing special about the food, but it's cheap and Samir is always friendly. The service is fast and convenient.

The regular fries are a little skinny and dry.

I like to call ahead and order when I'm in a hurry. They will say it takes 15 minutes on the phone, but my order was ready in 5 minutes when I got to the restaurant.
My first Lebanese cuisine in the States was here in Aceituna. Thanks Randa, my Lebanese friend for introducing me to this place. The food here was really good. Seats were ample and you get your own food at the self-service counter. The atmosphere was lively and patrons were mostly mid-easterns. I managed to try various kinds of appetizers, entrees and desserts here. For a self-service cafe, the price was a little on the higher side but for the clean, friendly and fast service, I can't complaint much.

On the food, the portion was really generous. The ladies didn't finish theirs. I had to struggle with my Beef Shwarma which was served with rice-noodles and tobouleh, which my Lebanese friend said was original. The taste was up to my standard. I would definitely come again here.
Great atmosphere but be ready to pay some serious cash. The food is good but the dancing is and hookah are what to come for. This place turns into a club/hookah bar on the weekend and has some great music. If you have a lot of people, this is a great place. No booze tho, but they are open late. It's not my favorite hookah place, but it's pretty decent. I still think the best hookah out there happens on my front porch.
Pita Pita was my prennial choice of dinner back in my LA days. It's quick, relatiively cheap and delicious. My favorite is the lamb roast, but the lamb stew and chicken shawarma are also great. The lamb stewe comes with bean and flavored rice, pretty healthy but can really fill you up pretty good. They also have plenty of choices for vegetarians - falafels, greek salad, and so on. All in all a charming little, hole-in-the-wall, family owned restaurant.
My friend and I just sometimes come up to Philadelphia just to eat here. We both love their chicken kebab pita thing (I'm not sure what they call it) with everything. It is so good, one day we will try some other things on the menu.
Delish authentic Persian kebab shop. Good staples in the market, as well.
They looked so empty at lunch, and the manager was sitting out front, looking lonely-- that we decided to forgo sushi at Tomodachi Restaurant around the corner and have some humus and kabobs instead.
The food was fine (chicken, beef, tabouli, and humus, that is) except for the babaganush, which tasted as though it had gone bad-- that peculiar, sour "sting" taste was there.
Anyway, we will not go back because they have a curious habit of adding a tip to the bill (under the word "subtotal"-- and then totaling everything at the bottom, as if it s a drinks or tax charge or something! I almost paid an EXTRA tip on top of their total-- which is what i m sure they get 90% of people to do. Probably illegal; certainly a scam. If you ask about it, all they say is, "Oh that's what the owner has us do." Sneak in a mandatory "tip" so that everyone pays an extra 20% on top of their tab! Totally wacko!!
OMGOMG DROOLLL
The absolute BEST chicken shwarma wrap that I've had. I recommend getting the spicy chicken (mild), a little garlic sauce, and everything. Garlic sauce can make the wrap a little too saucy, and only hummus makes it a bit dry. They add turnip, and pickles which I've never heard of... but... DELICIOUS. I love the wrap so much that I have yet to try the plates here. I eat this around 5pm and I'm full until midnight. It's less than a block from Voltage Coffee so I definitely recommend eating a wrap here, and heading down there to study.
Back in grad school, I used to frequent Amir's.  I liked their falafels, lamb, and baklavas / semolina desserts.
 
I haven't been there in over 4 years, so can't comment as to how good or bad it is now.
Awesome place to go hang out and smoke hookah. Ive been in the patio and in the V.I.P. Music is good I havent had much of the food other than the fries, cheesecake and mango smoothie. It is kinda pricey here but a cool place to go hang with friends.
This has actually become my favorite restaurant in NYC I think. It's by far the best hummus I've ever had. Ridiculously good. So creamy and drizzled with lime juice. The Mazza appetizer is crazy good too. The labneh is to die for! I eat here about 3 times a week now and it never gets old. They have hookah too if you're into that.
Sooo not worth the drive or parking situation over in Westwood Village...actually not worth it even if it had decent parking!

Was looking forward to trying this all morning and headed over there for lunch.  Ordered a chicken wowshi with the 3 cheese blend.  Condiment bar looked ok, except for the "Topping Nazi" sign above it limiting you to ONLY 1 visit to the condiment bar.  Ok, really?  This would even be understandable if they had some sauce containers or little paper plates out to put the stuff on, but when you are trying to assemble a somewhat edible wowshi with 1 hand, while balancing the food (2 halves, wrapped only in a piece of paper) in the other...c'mon now!

Anyway, this would all be fine if the food was even somewhat tasty, but nope.  Bland and blah.    :(    Small chicken chunks looked like they came out of a can with no sign of marinating or spices, 3 cheese blend was like the shredded bagged stuff from Food 4 Less, and the pita was nothing to write home about.  At least the veggies at the condiment bar tasted fresh, but the sauces were again sub-par.

I had been starving, and yet was only able to eat 1/2 the wowshi because I got sick of chewing on that tasteless mess of a pile while trying to avoid eating the paper wrapping and not letting everything spill out.  Took the other 1/2 to go, but couldn't even bring myself to eat that when I had a plate with it.

Overall, very disappointing.  Might be ok if you are a starving UCLA student, but even then I can recommend better use of that $7 bucks.
Well, I tried Krazi Kebob today and I have to say I doubt I'll be returning.  The naan is delicious, but that's really the only thing pushing it to two stars for me.  The restaurant was also nice and open and clean, so that is a positive too.  

I tried a wrap with rice, chicken, masala sauce, corn, desi salad, cilantro, and yogurt sauce (thought it was raita but it seems to be tsatsiki).  It was just a very bland muddle of food.  The chicken was totally flavorless and very fatty/gristly, the rice had lots of uncooked grains in it that were really unpleasant to bite down on.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing as my daughter thought her steak, rice, chickpeas, tomato, cheese, sour cream wrap was pretty good.  Mine was disappointing enough that I can't really imagine going back though.  Once we paid for drinks, the total for the two of us would just about have covered a trip to one of the really solid Indian buffets around here, and measured against a good buffet, this just doesn't stack up at all.
Today marks my last time to Aceituna. The food here is great however if you have a food allergy don't expect to be taken too seriously. I showed the waiter my allergy to gluten card and was served rice laced with wheat noodles. While they replaced the dish, I had already consumed some and will now be sick for a week. Please educate your servers about the content of your foods Aceituna. There aren't that many items on the menu so it shouldn't be hard to do.
I've been here at least 5 times now with different people and everyone has loved it. If two of you go, I recommend getting the Mixed Grill Plate. When given a choice of rice or salad, I recommend getting rice. You'll still get salad with it. It's a huge amount of food and includes all 4 different kinds of meat, salad, rice, pickled vegetables, hummus, garlic sauce, tahini sauce AND pita bread. Totally awesome AND you'll have leftovers.
I went here twice. After a mediocre experience the first time around I gave them a second chance as the food was ok. And since I had a gift card that made the meal 50% off.

The food was good. Just good. Calimari and spicy pita bread with great tabouli. The second time around we got the pu pu platter which tasted like frozen appetizers from the supermarket. The only thing that made up for it was the waitress suggesting a great wine the first time around.

Both times my gift cards were not accepted on alcohol even though in the fine print there was no mention of this. The manager was extremely rude to me until she found out which company I worked for and her tune changed. Instead of letting me use the gift card to pay for the one round of drinks she had, she brought over another round. We didn't want anymore beer, we wanted the first ones comped. She then invited us to the dance night later on for free, but I had no interest being in that building any longer. Especially since the bartender was extremely cold and rude as well. The rest of the building with The Middle East is great and I hate that these people ruin going there for me.

I gave it two stars because the waiters and waitresses were great. Friendly and around when we needed anything. The pita, maybe generic but they brought out as much as we needed and the hummus and tabouli were great.
Only ok. The veggie wrap was good.. but not great. I could have made it myself at home and even used the same kind of tortilla since they just used packaged store-bought tortillas.

The people there were nice so I want to like it but I wasn't good enough for me to want to go back. I'd rather go to pita pit or saca's next time I want mediterranean or a wrap while in claremont.
The Indian/Mexican  fusion did not quite work for me.

 I had the naan steak wrap and sampled a chicken naan wrap. Even though the fixings were piled on, I felt it was "missing" something. None of the fixings or meat stood out. The steak was tender but rather bland. The curry sauce was decent but did NOT augment the rest of the ingredients. Also for nearly $8 for the steak wrap, I thought it was a bit pricey for the quality.

The service was really fast and friendly. The guy hooked me up with free guacamole (usually $1.50), hence that earned a star.
When I used to go to school at Pasadena City College, I would just walk on by to Zankou and have lunch there. I definitely love the garlic sauce and their chicken since it's so flavorful. The falalel and the shawerma wraps are excellent as well.

This is one of those places I really miss and I am willing to drive to get some good grub here, especially when it's a 30 minute drive (thru local streets! the horror!) for me when I'm home in the SGV.
While I love the omelettes and the veggies that come with it I have to wonder at how clean the kitchen is.  The last time I was there, a dog was tied up behing the counter!  Now, I love animals but c'mon!

Service can sometimes be sketchy but I've never had to wait for a table.  I guess that's saying something.....
Very impressive restuarant/bar/performance space  with much better food than the other Middle East restaurant that I normally eat at here.  Get the Zuzu PuPu platter and a tapas plate and you might have some room left over for chocolate baklava with ice cream.  The flavors are bold and the vegetables taste fresh.
I've had this place bookmarked for months.  I finally had the chance to try it today.

My bf and I ordered the lamb kabob and chicken shwarma.  Both plates came with salad, rice and hummus.  Pita bread was also included.  The order came out immediately, which lead me to believe that they've been sitting.  

The hummus was on point.  I enjoyed the lightness of the salad.  The rice was flavorful.  The meat, however, was dry albeit tasty.
I guess when you're the only hookah bar in town, you can charge crazy prices. $20 for a 1-flavor hookah seems like a hell of a lot. Maybe I'm wrong, I'm not a hookah master, but I really don't think a single serving of shisha and coal could possibly cost that much.

The service was very nice, however. Two constantly checked on us to make sure our water glasses were full and we were happy.

Other than the price, it's nice here. The place has great ambience and the music is pumping. I found it really odd, the music. When you're here, you are so relaxed and all you want to do is daze out, yet all that techno is calling to you.
A friend of mine took me to this place because she liked the falafels. This place really does have the best falafel sandwiches. They are filling and the sauce is delicious. I have not been back to this place again since I live far from it, but I would love to go if I'm in the area.
Got a variety of items to share with a friend.  Everything was greasy and cold--the worst combination!  My friend had never had falafel or schwarma before, and the people taking our order were not helpful at all.
The pizza is just OK, but the buffalo wings are to die for (and if you eat enough of them greasy things I guess you will die).  If you're not a wuss, get them with the SUICIDE sauce. I also always get them well done.
Checked out the Budos Band here last weekend.....holy drunken band members and afro-beat madness batman!!! Never before have I seen a band get soooo drunk on stage (prob took something wacky too)....and still destroy their set!!!! 

Well, this review is strictly about the downstairs venue, didn't even look upstairs....or did I???? Anyhoo, the venue downstairs is cool, hip and intimate. Felt like being squeezed into a sweaty, slanted, sardine can with a rockin band at the front....oh and the sardines served booze and beers (very fast and efficient bar....props bartenders!!!). Despite the sardine feel, I really liked it. The floor is slanted so you can pretty easily see the stage as long as you're not a Wonka worker. Got a nice little "patio-esque" type spot on the left of the stage where you can also check out the action. 

Overall, I'd highly recommend checking out sweet bands like the Budos here. A bigger, more packed show may not be as comfortable but I totally dug the groove, the nice folks watchin, and the intimate, NYC indie club scene feel.
GARLIC BUTTER SPREAD!!!!  I usually order the half or whole chicken w/ the pita bread and slap that garlic spread right on there .  I will always make the drive out in traffic for this place, because when I start craving the chicken I have to have it right away.  Lately I've had the luxory of eating it at my friend's house.  I will admit, when you eat this you might want some type of carbonated drink to go along with it (not good).  But other than that delicious =)

NOTE:  Chicken is not dry.  It's moist and flavorful!!
Great place for a quick lunch! Awesome pitas and sandwiches (have yet to have the falafel yet, but they look good!) Small menu, but it all looks really good! Super clean, small, but not usually really busy. Nice people, great food, great prices! All around win!
My coworkers and I sometimes order wings and pizza from Ed's.  Sometimes the pizza is good, sometimes it isn't, but the wings are usually pretty good.  I wouldn't go on an eight mile jog just to get their food, but if you're in the neighborhood it'll do the trick I imagine.

They have late hours which is good for the college crowd.  The late hours are also good for people who aren't in college but still like to eat real late.
This is one of my hands down go to places on Thayer Street. The prices are so good and the service is the best out of any quick dinning establishment I have ever been in. If I ever move away from Providence, this would be on my Top Ten of Most Missed places. 

I usually get the Falafel Pocket with everything. For $6.50 (Tax included) you get a monstrous pocket filled to the brim with three, perfect falafels. They are always so crispy. They do not let their product sit out and I do not think I have ever gotten a soggy falafel. Since I was with a fellow meat eater, I decided to get steak on mine because we were splitting it. He was hesitant at first because the falafel is so good, but his girlfriend is a vegetarian and I said look, "You are never going to be able to have steak on a sammie with her!" For about $0.75 more, we got a generous portion of thin steak. The marinade they use must be great because I got a faint taste of mint. 

I really do love this place and I hope they stay in Providence for a long time!
WOW...I am in love!  I heard this place was good but I didn't except it to be this good.  I went with my two aunts, mom, sister and cousin.  We ordered a whole chicken, lule kabob, falafel plate and extra hummus and pita, tabouleh and obviously the garlic sauce.

Everything was mouth watering good.  Our chicken was juicy, crispy skin and was flavored perfectly.  Dipping that in the garlic sauce was so amazing!!  The lule was also very good and I think that was the best falafel I have ever had.  Nice and crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The hummus had wonderful flavor, so did all the other sides.  I think i'm addicted already.

Basically it is a must try...I agree the service is below par but really the food makes up for it.  GO!
maybe it's that whenever i come here i have the drunchies from a successful night of barhopping in westwood... but the food here is spectacular!

the steak wowshi is super tasty... and for those of you who have never ordered here before, a wowshi comes with two pockets... i made the mistake of walking out with half my order the first time i ordered here... lucky for the next guy who got my other pocket :)

the food is pretty cheap and it's open until 2am.. smart move bella pita!
The fact that I was overjoyed when I saw someone write that this place had been shut down the department of health is probably enough of a review, but I'll continue.
The food here is god awful. They overfry their falafel to rock hard flavorless crap, they overcharge you for it, and yet they stayed in business because there isn't real competition. Their hummus and baba ghanoush is flavorless and has terrible texture. I'm sorry I ever went there once, and I feel bad for every undergrad who's made that unfortunate mistake. I hope(if they haven't already) that they never reopen. Maybe one of my four or five least favorite restaurants in the city.
This place might not be the nicest inside. But you have your choice of first or second floor seating. There is outdoor rooftop seating for warmer weather and seating outside on the sidewalk.

It's a great place for studying or late night meetings because they are open until 3am! I can't think of another cafe that is open this late around here. This place totally helped me pass some of my classes. Oh yea, they have free wi-fi. Very essential.

I have not eaten anything here, but I have tried the coffee. It's ok, but I didn't like the Turkish coffee at all.
Perfect for a cup of tea, perfect for a varied platter of hummus taboule and baba ganoush, perfect for a more hearty dish. 
This place has a cozy environment.  Tables are spread in a way that allows for private conversations. 

Quality of food is great, it feels like a true taste of Algiers. 
Hibiscus tea there is wonderful!! You get the actual hibiscus leaves and true flavor. They also serve honey with their teas which I find fantastic. 
People are friendly and you get the feeling that service is nice from the heart and not because they have to give a good service. 
The upstairs part has a nice natural light---
After our weekly trip to Jerry's the bf and I decided to check this place out and we were pleasantly surprised. Finding a parking spot on Murray is always a bitch but trust me the food here will make it all worth it. 
Like other reviewers have mentioned the place is tiny. There was no one else in the restaurant when we walked in but by the time we had put our orders in the place was starting to fill up. We were there just after midday on a Thursday. 
They had quite a variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian items on the menu and they all sounded amazing. We however decided to go all vegetarian so that we could share. I ordered the Fattoosh Salad and my  bf got the falafel. I also got some orange carrot juice.  The salad was amazing! I could tell that the ingredients were fresh. The lemon dressing was to die for! not too overwhelming. The pita croutons(fried i believe) were perfect and crisp. The portion was large but it was served in a styrofoam container so it was easy to save some for later. The bf's falafel was smaller that most  falafels are but i think it was still the perfect size. The falafel and vegetables were mixed up proportionally in a way that each bite had a little bit of everything. It was delicious. The pita was fresh and not too thick.  My favourite thing however was the fresh juice. I happen to be a mega serious juicer and Pittsburgh doesn't seem to have too many places that make fresh fruit and vegetable juices. It blew my mind that this little middle eastern place did. I could see them juice the carrots in the back while we waited for our meals and I could't help but get excited. The juice was obviously delicious ...pulpy but still refreshing. 
It was an amazing experience and we have gone back twice since. My only beef with the place is the wait. If your planning on getting take out it might be smart to call ahead to avoid the wait. 
It is definitely worth checking out and when you do promise me you will try their fresh juices.
Algiers came highly recommended from several people, so I of course checked it out. An extremely beautiful & cozy atmosphere and very friendly staff. Only had time for a drink with a friend and I opted for an Italian Soda, of the raspberry variety, and my friend got an espresso and a lemonade. The espresso was good from what I hear, but I was disappointed by the Italian soda -- it came in the form of the Italian part of the drink in a glass and then a bottle of poland springs sparkling water. I couldn't fit the entire bottle in with the mix so I ended up having 4-5 very sweet sips and then then rest of the drink tasted like plain poland springs water. Probably a silly choice to get Italian soda at a Middle-Eastern cafe, so no hard feelings.

The reason I give 5 stars is because of the staff going above and beyond. I realized, 20 minutes after leaving, that my wallet was no longer in my back pocket. I narrowed down the possible locations and I knew it had to be at Algiers. I ran back and came in and they asked if I needed a table and I told them my story. They had the wallet safe and sound inside the cash register and I gladly put it back in my pocket, thanked them and turned to walk out. One of the women told me to check inside of it just to make sure everything was still there, which it was. 

Over the past few days on my little vacation in Boston, I have dealt with quite a few snooty wait-persons. This was very refreshing as I feel as if they really went the extra mile.
Maybe it was the lack of seating inside or the self-serve salad/toppings bar that threw me off, but I definitely waited way too long to try out this little joint. I usually go for the lamb or steak pita, but if I'm really hungry, I'll order the wowshi. The wowshi is this warm, doughy, calzone-like thing, stuffed with the meat that you order, and then popped into the oven for a few minutes until it's baked to perfection. 

Now onto the toppings bar: I start off with a squirt of tahini sauce, then the regular hot sauce, the tomato/onion mix, tons of cabbage, a little bit of lettuce, and then top it off with the herb dressing. If you get the fries, then I recommend mixing the hummus and hot sauce and using that as a dipping sauce instead of ketchup. Yes, I'm a sucker for condiments, and yes, I try to stop by Bella Pita once a week. 

1 star off for the lack of seating, but besides that, I can't complain. It's cheap, quick, and delicious.
I have no idea what this place looks like inside but I had a very nice lunch outdoors. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma and it hit the spot. Service is decent, no complaints, but the two people I was with said that the waitress is more cheerful than usual. Will come here again when I visit Michigan.
My review is based ONLY on take-out or eat-in experiences during lunchtime on weekdays. I can't speak to the GrubHub stuff.

I was sad to see Greek Corner II vacate this location. But I was happy to see a middle eastern place open here subsequently. The shwarma sandwiches here (lamb or chicken) are really tasty, especially with garlic paste on them. Falafel is good too. Portions are just fine for the price. Service is CONSISTENTLY prompt and friendly (much better than at Moody's Falafel in Central Square).

There are several tables in the basement area, if you want to eat there. It's spartan and subterranean, not pleasant, but at least eating there is an option.
Cool concept (even though I don't think I saw a single kebab on the menu), but I'm pretty sure the chicken in my naan wrap was REALLY undercooked.  I was totally grossed out, and felt unwell for the rest of the day.  From the bites I took of the wrap, the flavor was OK, but not great.  Still, no way I'm ever going back here and risking getting sick.
The food is good, but the size of the place is ridiculous. I wasn't a fan of the falafel before I had them here. So yes, the food is decent, and the owner is nice, and the location is great, but the size and lack of seating blows. Chunks.
Love this place, but there's hardly any seating.  That said, the falafel wrapped with fattoush and fried pita chips will CHANGE. YOUR. LIFE.  Plus it's Palestinean-American-owned (a plus for me politically) and the current owner took it over from his papa who worked hard to set up the business over the course of 20 years.  How do I know all this?  Because I was google stalking the place and the current owner as he is fine as hell.  Yummy food and a yummy owner?  score!
Love it, great food for a market. friendly staff . I am not middle eastern and would usually feel a bit intimidated going into a place like this, but you won't here they are very welcoming and the crowd is very mixed. Did I mention I love the food.  heading there right now for dinner :)
Decent food but nothing to write home about. Coming from downtown Toronto, land of the shawarma, this was kind of imposter'ish.  Good for a quick bite though -- fast, affordable food, just nothing that'll knock your socks off.
Yeah it was damn good but I can't give it a 5 for fear of disrespecting MedWraps
If you see a large table on Sundays, then you know we are here.  It seems like we are enjoying the food here every Sunday afternoon.  The menu is limited but everything is top notch.  The rice pudding is a favorite. 

Football (soccer) is normally on the TV.  Don't let the lack of parking scare you away.
THE place to check out live music in the Boston area.  If you enjoy good music and the company of an eclectic pierced & tattooed clientele, this is the place to come, eat, drink, and be merry.  With the intimate upstairs concert room (it can fit maybe 150 people max?) and the larger, more accomodating downstairs, this venue has become a staple and highly sought-after location for bands to play.  Not to mention the great, you guessed it, Middle Eastern food upstairs and live belly dancing shows at ZuZu!
Finally food that makes me feel like I'm in a real city and not in boring old Ithaca. The atmosphere was great, small and intimate. Good wine selection and friendly service. 

Had a bunch of appetizers which were all delicious. The couscous of the day was my favorite dish and it was perfect. Didn't have room for dessert and took some food home so you get your money's worth. If you are concerned about prices, then don't go out to eat. It's a luxury.
I love this place... I keep coming back. 

The first time I visited I bought a veggie sandwich. It came much like a burrito, but was a pita. The item was loaded up with grill charred cauliflower, eggplant, onion, etc with a hummus sauce and large tart pickle relish. It was very tasty. My second visit I tried the falafel. I have had every falafel on University Ave. and the Shwarma King's falafel ranked as one of the best. It was presented very much like the veggies sandwich, but it had more lettuce and tomatoes. The falafel balls were crisp outside and warm and soft inside. 

The gentleman that always serves me is nice and welcoming. Each time I have walked into the store, I have seated myself at the counter and been served right away. The Shwarma King restaurant space is new, clean, decorated, and just fun. The combination of personnel and space makes for a great experience. 

FYI's~ 
* They have three slow roasting meats rotating at all times for sandwiches
* Their falafel is better than the shop who's falafel ranked highest on the Ave... their falafel balls were dry... 
*The portions for the sandwiches, falafel, gyros, etc are larger than normal and filling 
*They play Egyptian music videos and TV on a screen 
* There is couches in the front of the restaurant space 
*Their prices are more low restaurant prices vs. to go stand prices
* The kitchen is open- so you can watch preparation and cooking of you items if you would like
* There is counter chairs as well as tables
This place was a MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT.  I can not say that enough. I will recap on my night at this restaurant and music venue. I had been here to see a band in the downstairs area when I was younger, and had a great time, so I didn't think it would disappoint. How wrong. First a group of 5 of us went to the restaurant to grab some food and a drink before the show, and our waiter was terrible. He was okay order our food, but never asked about drinks, and ran off. So when I called him over he came back to our table like it was the worst thing that had ever happened and was completely rude about taking our drink orders. Don't get me wrong, the food was really good, but the service was horrible. And I guess anything over $30 and they automatically add an 18% tip? That is fine if the guy deserved a tip above 15%. I have believe that a tip is a sign of gratitude (hence it being a gratuity), and this guy showed no customer compassion at all.
    So next we went down to the show. At first everything seemed pretty good, but that changed right when I went to grab a drink. All over the counters were signs that said tips are magical. Thats fine, I have no problem with a bar pointing out that tips are appreciated. But when the bartender took my drink order, and told me it would be $4.75, I counted what I thought was $5. He came back a second later yelling at me that it cost $4.75, so regardless of if I gave him 4 or 5 dollars, I gave him the extra dollar. When I put out my hand for my change he looked at me, and just threw the quarter on the bar and slid the tips are magical sign right in front of me...so I left him a magical tip of $.25 for being such a _____. For the rest of the night I went to the other side of the bar, and the bartender was much nicer of a person.
    Security at the show: WOW.  The guys running this venue are these older guys who never grew up out of the hardcore scene.  It is the hardcore life for them. All black, covered in tattoos, and a facial expression that looks like the worst thing that ever happened to them was being born.  These guys took their job so seriously, it looked like they were on a special ops military mission scoping out people. Now don't get me wrong, some shows I have been to can get out of hand with fighting, etc., but this was basically a hippie band. No one there was causing any trouble, and everyone was enjoying the music. I saw so many security guys walking in and out of the crowd looking for anyone doing anything wrong, and they were stationed all around the venue, dragging out anyone they could at the drop of a dime. This is a concert hall, not a prison!! The one bartender I had the first bad experience with was later standing on the bar staring at someone, and then had them thrown out.  These staff not only made the experience feel like we were confined to a prison, it also made me feel like I would have been more comfortable with my own mother running security over these guys.
   Last complaint about this horrible venue. The heat. They must not have any ventilation whatsoever - I am not even sure the heat level in there was healthy in the slightest bit. This issue should really be examined by the board of health. Within an hour of being in there it got so hot that it was hard to breath. The ceiling and pipes become so soaked with condensation that it was like it was raining in there...but raining peoples sweat. It was disgusting.  I can't say enough how bad this place really is!!!! Oh, and a toilet in the guys bathroom flooded out and a couple of these staff dressed in all blood ran in like the world was going to end yelling "whats going on in here!?!?!" then saw it was the toilet flooding everywhere, said "oh well" and just left the floor soaking wet. I have been to probably 30 different venues - some pretty bad - but this tops it as being the worste venue I have ever been to. All set with coming back here, and will undoubtedly spread the word through the community about how back of an experience this was.
For some reason, the service has speeded up some since I had multiple bad experiences almost a year ago. Maybe this is because I am often going at off-peak times? I haven't seen the guy who ignored me lately, so maybe they just have better people in there? I'm not sure, but whatever it is, the increased speed makes it a better option for a quick meal in the neighborhood.
I wish this place would stay open later so I could actually eat here for dinner!  I've only had it once, but it was really good.  Everything is wayyy better than the Pasadena Zankou Chicken.
Hands down the best place in walking distance from UCLA apartments and dorms.  It's one of those rare places that can function as drunk and sober food.  

The menu consists mostly of pitas and wowshis (a wowshi is grill pressed pita).  I've ordered the lamb pita, steak pita, chicken wowshi, and cheese wowshi, all of which are fantastic depending on what mood you're in.  I recommend getting the chicken wowshi with black beans, which prevents it from being too dry.  The pita here is phenomenal, which is expected when it is baked fresh (to order in the case of the wowshis).  

The french fries and fried cauliflower are both great options for sides.  How good the food is sometimes depends on your ability to prepare it as you are only given the bare ingredients (in the case of a pita just the pita and the meat) and must add the sauces and vegetables yourself at the salad bar.  There is lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, salsa, hot sauce, really hot sauce, herb dressing, white sauce, hummus, and a few other things.   Both hot sauces are really great in the pitas/wowshis and also make great dipping sauces for the sides.  The herb dressing is also surprisingly delicious.  If you need something portable, I would go with a wowshi over a pita.  Since the wowshi is a stuffed pita, it is easier to walk and eat at the same time.  Both are good options, paticularly the steak pita, which is probably my favorite thing at Bella Pita.  

Bella Pita's biggest flaw is that it is not a great place for takeout.  Last time I checked the minimum delivery charge was $20.  Also because it's a self service place, it's difficult to replicate your personal style of preparation when you get it delivered (although sometimes they'll include a box with all of the salad bar ingredients).  It is even worse if you pick up food there as they do not provide to go containers.  You have to simply throw your food (wrapped in a thin layer of parchment paper)  in a paper bag and hope for the best.  

If you plan on eating at bella pita make sure you know what you're in for.  The location is very small and contains only a handful of seating options.  Still, if you know what to expect, it is a charming place to eat.
I'm torn. When I first went there 3 years ago algiers became my dream spot. I loved going there and getting the mocha arabica coffee and maybe a dessert and looking around at the usually interesting people sitting around whilst imagining their life stories. I've been there for breakfast and the omelet with a great selection of really good cheeses is really delish, as was this lentil soup i had there once. overall, I have to say the food has always been great and ive  been there on dates, get togethers with long lost friends, birthday lunch with my sister, a bite before hitting the bars, and even alone. i even find the sketch bathroom endearing. BUT. i have to take off two stars because the service is a little subpar and as cool as it is to eavesdrop, i would also like to finish my meal and peace and not think that someone else is trying to creep up on to my table.
Soul-le-lujah was overcrowded, overhyped, full of shitty hipsters, and allows line-jumpers to a fault. F minus.
I've been to a few shows here for bands I love (only Downstairs), which is mainly where the 3 stars come from. The venue is close to the T, so when your band is doing its 3rd encore and you're thinking of booking it home, you can be rest assured you'll make it to the station before the last train leaves.

The drinks are fine and typically priced (more than a bar, much more than if you just bought it at a store), and I don't remember anything bad about the restrooms.

Any sound students in the city: this place is LOUD. The mix will depend on whether or not the band has their own engineer, which is usually the case. I've had some great sounding shows, but more often than not the space is incredibly loud and I've had to put earplugs in. Other clubs and venues in the area seem to have a much better handle on this, so I know it's not me.

It definitely gets hot in there, even in the winter, so dress accordingly. I'd go back and watch a show if it was a band I'm totally into, but I'd do it begrudgingly.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. A bunch of my family members have been here in years past, and always thought the hookah was decent. We are still trying to figure out what happened. We went with a fairly large group and so they put us in this area that they claim was special seating and said we would have to pay 15 a head to sit there. Even though three of us weren't smoking we agreed because we thought the hookah was good.. boy were we wrong. The hookah tasted like burnt coal, and my family is very familiar with "good hookah." The guy changed the hookah three times and every time he brought it back it was still horrible. When we asked the guy that worked there why it tasted so badly he exclaimed he wasn't sure because he doesn't smoke hookah. I found it very odd that someone who works at a hookah bar has no knowledge of how hookah is supposed to taste. He even had a shirt that said, " got hookah, " and cigarettes in his pocket... very odd. After feeble attempts at making good hookah we finally gave up. We wanted to go in the back and show them how to properly pack it because they really had no idea what they were doing. In the end we did not get to smoke at all because it was burning so badly so of course we should not be charged for the hookah right? We said we would pay for the awful food and drinks we bought but why should we pay for something we never got to smoke. 

This is when the fun began... the guy that worked there called in his reinforcements and started fighting with my family members. They wanted to charge us 175... so that would mean 175 for a plate of average at best hummus, two teas and a coke? Really?? They were very aggressive and very rude. We argued for about an hour and in the end they called security as if we were being some sort of problem when in reality we were very calm, they were the aggressive ones. We got them to lower it to 130 only and they wouldn't budge. So we got no hookah that night and paid 130 for it... great! Do not go to this place, they don't accept cards because of their underhanded business practices, they add in gratuity for nothing, and they overcharge on everything! Plus their staff don't know what the hell they are doing when making hookah!
One of the best hole-in-the-wall places in Central.
I went here on a Thursday night when it was pretty light attendance and kind of low key. The building is simply amazing, and the decor is nice. They have nice hookahs, and when my friend was partaking and had problems they came right away to fix the problem. They were very attentive to the quality of the smoking experience.

Food? Less so. Our waiter was attentive to smoking but slow on the food, and although the few items are good the selection isn't that great. He also seemed to be utterly hating his job, and was not friendly at all. He checked the hookah but didn't ask for more drink or food, and we had to kind of flag him down to get anything else. 

The prices are meh. Probably more than they should be, but I was kind of irked that our party of 3 was charged automatic gratuity. Overall, a nice location to hookah but not so great at anything else.
Hello Fatouch!!!!!!!  This is the best place to get fattouch salad. Hands Down.
OK, I am very deeply concerned about Ann Arbor's perspective on Arabic food if you guys think this stuff is good. The lemonade was good, as was the Arabic coffee (so says my dad). The yogurt/cucumber sauce was good (fresh mint and garlic). And that was about it. 

The grape leaves were just...wrong. Really wrong. First off, they were HUGE, like the size of small hot dogs, and they tasted like nothing - like tomato sauce. There was so much tomato in them that they were red on the inside. For those of you who have not had homemade grape leaves, I will tell you now, this is a problem. 

The mjaddara was made with whole-grain rice or brown rice or something, which means that it didn't carry the spicing correctly, which was not that much of a tragedy since the spicing was wrong. And there were no fried onions on it. What kind of @ssholes serve mjaddara without the fried onions? I jest, but on the inside I am affronted. Along the same lines, my hummus came without olive oil. Again, this is just improper protocol - and the hummus was sorely lacking in lemon. 

My dad said his kabob sandwich was fine but not exciting. Not bound to get a whole lot more detail out of him. This meal is fine (not great) if you have no expectations of what Arabic food should be like. If you do, steer clear.
Went to this restaurant many times in the past and became a "regular " I have also advised the owner of doing something about spicingup the dishes. I was there again this week for the first time in two years. Nothing is changed, the food is bland, the service is sloww and poor.   The first time I was at this restaurant was in 2009 and nothing has been changed.
Delicious Chicken wraps! The garlic sauce is amazing! Their platters are also good. Great "fast" food!
This place is way too pricey for me to give it more than 3 stars. It has that "cafeteria" feel that implies you won't be paying $10 or more for your lunch, which is why it's so shocking when you get to the register and realize you have to pull out the credit card to pay for your lunch because you didn't have the forethought to hit the ATM that morning because you thought the ten in your pocket would be way more than enough to get you through the day.

Food is decent, and (most of) the staff is nice. Falafel is way too salty (and I love salty foods), but the chicken and beef schwarma sandwiches are tasty. Try them with the hot sauce. They have pickles and turnips (bright pink!) that they put in the sandwiches, which are great, and add a nice crunch to the wraps. 

I also like the Greek  salad with chicken, and I always get it "John" style (after my boss) with added pickles, turnips, and hot sauce. The salad is quite large and comes with pita bread, so it makes a nice meal.

By far the best deal here is the vegetarian combo--3 or 5 choices of any vegetarian item they have, and they have lots, like dolmades, spicy potatoes, eggplant with tomatoes, falafel, rice with lentils, cauliflower, green beans, artichokes, chick peas, Greek salad, and so many others. This is the only way to leave this place without feeling like you've been ripped off because they give you a lot of food--the 3 choice at ~$7 is more than enough for 2 meals; the 5 choice comes in at over $9, but I don't think you really get any more food.

In general, Aceituna has the local biotech workers by the balls by being the only really convenient place for many of the people to go (they largely compete with the equally overpriced Zigo down the street), and they certainly charge for the convenience. If you have the time, I'd head down the street to Desfina for tastier food, better ambiance, and a much better price!
Here's what sucked:
1) Doesn't serve drinks.  Not even beer/wine
2) Seated me and my dining companion on the same side of the booth.  Wtf?
3) "Couch" seating is more uncomfortable than that saggy couch you got from dumpster diving in college.
4) No tap water.  Bottle water is over priced.  It's just a plastic Arrowhead bottle for crissakes!  What if I want more water than that!  $3 every round?  For WATER?!
5) Fajitas.  At a hookah bar.
6) Really boring menu of random limited pointless choices.  See fajitas above.
7) Mixed up our order of sides
8) Dry pita
9) Had NO idea who our waiter was.  Some people kept walking by acting strangely (one of the staff pointed his ass in a "come freak me" sort of way to my dining companion) and going behind the counter so they must've worked there.  But it was impossible to get anyone's attention ever made more difficult by the fact that there wasn't really any one person who was managing our table.
10) Loud loud loud.  Between that and the smokiness my throat is wrecked today.

And because this review goes up to eleven:

11) Food is pedantic at best.  Baba Ganoush was WAY too garlicky.  Like chucks of raw garlic w/no eggplant flavor garlicky.   Nothing I'd bother returning for...especially at the $14 price point.  I could easily get a better chicken kabob w/sides at any other Middle Eastern joint in town for that price.
Uber dissapointed. I really trusted you yelpers. Yes it's a clean little place, but the bread was chewy, the falafel didn't have much flavor, and overall it was just mehhhhhhh. Didn't satisfy my falafel sandwich craving :T
Tried this place out for the first time today.  Hopefully I'll be able to review it again and say something better.  There wer two couples eating when I came in, and another in the process of leaving.  Having worked in the food service industry for years, I can say that it's not difficult to handle two or three tables.  The waitress was nice and appeared to be knowledgeable.  She answered my questions about a few items and then took my order: a chicken schwarma, a falafal sandwich, an appetizer of spicy hummus and a side of fries.  I was told it would take ten minutes; it was about that.

I don't live downtown.  I live far enough away that I have to drive.  So when I place an order "to go" downtown I don't check my order before leaving because between opening it and the drive, food gets cold and damp.  Next time, I'll eat AT Sheesh instead of taking it to go.  Why?  Because I was crazily fiending falafel and when I got home, my husband quickly bit into his chicken schwarma and seemed satisfied.  Luckily I didn't bite into my falafel sandwich - nope.  Could see it right away: a nice juicy piece of chicken.  Well, nice for someone who eats meat.  Which I don't.

While I understand that everyone makes mistakes, the waitress repeated my order back AND it's not like they were busy.  So there was NO excuse for an incorrect order.  Me being me, though, I'll give it another go and see how I do the next time.  The fries were wet by the time I got home (they need to wrap them better) but the hummus was amazing.
i love this place
what a fun place
i hate it when dumb pretentious people come on yelp and complain about this place
cuz honestly
they are just letting the internet world know how lame and pretentious they are
the middle east has held it down while clubs like cbgbs , the channel ,bunrattys  and the rat have gone down.
so shut your damn pie holes , you empty lame baby people
We went in the middle of the week and something seemed off right when we walked in. It seemed pretty empty and not very clean. All our food and drinks seemed OK. My entree wasn't the freshest, but it was OK. Service was good.

I have to agree with the other reviews... that it really is too overpriced. I was willing to overlook it at first, but there really is no reason why it should be one of the most expensive places to eat. 

But if you are going to go sometime, DEFINITELY go on Friday or Saturday. The food is much, much fresher.
Definitely a fan!  The service is quick and friendly, even when the line is long.  The sandwiches are really filling and very reasonably priced.  I have tried the joojeh and the barreh and both are delicious.  The meat is very tender and flavorful.  The yogurt sauce is a really tasty complement to the sandwich.  The only negative is that the pita tends to be a little tough, though by the end of the sandwich it is pretty soft due to the juiciness of the meat.  Those first few bites can be a little too chewy though.  At any rate, this is a very welcome addition to the Stamp food court.
The items are worth the money. They sell plates in small and large sizes. The hummus plate is $3.00 small and $6 large. The babaghanouj plate is $3.50 small and $6.50 large. They looks small, but is actually a lot. Both are nice and creamy. They do not come with enough pita though. I'm a generous dipper and I still did not think there was enough pita.

Do not come with a group bigger than 2 people. They only have 4 small round tables inside and each table only has 2 chairs. I think only a maximum of 8 people can sit down to eat. That said, the place is really small. It's a deli, not a restaurant.
I've had food from Ali Baba before (lunch meetings and the like), and it's always been good, so tonight I went here for dinner with friends. While most dishes don't stand out as being better then other Middle Eastern restaurant, everything is good. 

We got hummus (lots of paprika and fennel, little oil), vegetarian grape leaves (standard, but always a fav), Fatoosh, spinach lentil soup, spinach pie (amazing), the fish entree, and a chicken entree. I didn't try either of the meat dishes, but everyone was really happy with what they got. All of this, six beers (they have no wine or liquor, you're welcome to bring your own bottle), and two desserts was $68. Total steal! 

The desserts were pretty amazing too. We got baklava, it wasn't too sweet, too nutty, or too sticky. A really nice balance between filling and phyllo dough. I don't remember the name of the other dessert, it was farina wrapped cheese with crushed pistachio and rose-something syrup. The cheese was the most mild I've ever had, and the syrup really stood out, flowery, but not too sweet. 

And for being a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, the service is good - attentive and nice, no dropping your check with the food or taking your order and then forgetting about you.
Aladdin is definitely one of my favorite places to lunch.  Super-casual, friendly service, insanely cheap prices, and AMAZING food.  I started going because of the gyro sandwiches.  Better than any gyro sandwich I have had, including the Latin Quarter in Paris and the two Greek restaurants down the street from Aladdin.  The meat is wonderfully spiced, moist, and accompanied by fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, and the pitas are perfectly crisped and warmed through.

After many frequent visits, I decided to try the falafel.  "Best falafel in town!" the sign trumpeted.  And who could beat a $4 lunch?  Wow.  WOW!  I had never had falafel before, but you can definitely tell that this is quality falafel.  They shape and deep fry the falafel balls right before your eyes, and then smash them into the pita, top them with the fresh veggies (I get it without onions), and top it with what I think is a creamy tahini (sesame and olive oil) sauce.

The seating is very limited, so try to hit this place right before the lunch rush.  When I went last week, the restroom door didn't lock, and it was not well-maintained, but don't let that dissuade you from the dining.  Oh, and if you use a credit card, they charge you an extra $0.50 for it, but at such prices, who can complain?
Agree with everyone.  Competes well with In-N-Out.  Even better, they're having a promotion til the end of the month.  Bring a friend and get 50% off second order.  Do it now!  I also like adding extra falafel, good bang for the buck.
Due to medically-necessary dietary restrictions, I'm sort of a picky eater. Namely, I don't eat any grains (rice, wheat, bulgar), any starchy veggies, or any dairy. It's an insulin thing. So grabbing a fast meal is difficult. I can customize my food with salad and food bars, but those are expensive and not good quality. 

So in Harvard Square, I was thrilled to discover Falafel Corner. I ordered a Chicken Shawarma plate -- hold the rice and bread. The nice man behind the counter offered to give me more salad. I was expecting iceberg lettuce, but.. wow!  What a great salad! Crispy cucumbers, sweet tomatoes, a touch of parsley and red onion with a mild vinegar dressing... and it was huge. All for $6.50. Pretty sweet deal for Harvard Square.

Bottom Line: Cheap, tasty, healthy, and great service.
The owners of Cedars...
~~~ KEEP ALL THE TIPS FOR THEMSELVES!!! ~~~

Just ask the staff, and they will awkwardly tell you that they can't comment on that.  Most of them are undocumented workers paid under the table, so they have little choice in the matter.
They also have a severe pest problem, cockroaches and rats!
Just thought you all should know.
We went on a dead Saturday night.  The place was nearly empty but the waitress still wouldn't let us sit at a table even though we were planning to drink.  I get that they need a minimum, but their food is only average at best, you really can't expect people to be forced into buying your food at 10pm just so they can stay and hear the band.  Charge me cover, fine. but don't make me stand in an empty restaurant just b/c I don't want to order your so/so food- or because I don't feel like eating dinner at 10:30pm.

ps: I saw a note about the waitress being friendly- I have been here several times, and the servers have all been rather terse. (living in boston, I don't have high expectations that way, but just sayin')
Just like everyone else said, great food at a great price.
Best of all, they donated $100 worth of food to my non-profit in exchange for some free publicity, and WOW---it's amazing how far $100 can get you at the Falafel Palace (they must have thrown in A LOT of extras).
Fast service as well, which is good since there's no where to sit!
Yum yum yum. I'm hungry just thinking about Moody's. 

I love this place because it's open way late. My producer lives about 4 blocks away and when we were recording my album, I would get hungry and we'd walk over to Moody's. Their lamb shwarma plate (any combo plate actually) is SO huge, with piles of tabouli salad, rice, lamb, pita bread, hummus...

It's just really delicious in so many ways. Try their delicious garlic sauce, and their falafels, perfectly fried - just to die for. 

Totally satisfies all my late night cravings. Just two weeks ago, I performed at All Asia, and after the show, we were so hungry we trudged through the snow to Moody's and it totally satisfied all of our eating needs. 

I'm not a fan of sweets, but I heard their baklava is good too.
Stuff dreams are made of. Kind of like Seinfeld... make your order and walk away or they get annoyed. Get the Beef Shwarma (spelling?). The chicken is good too, but I prefer the beef.
Date nights with my wife are awesome! Not only time together but also we use that time to try new restaurants without the kids. Sounds rough but...sometimes they are the worst critics for judging food. We actually tried to eat there before, the 5 of us, and all the kids could do was stick out there tongues and say they weren't hungry. Ugh! So I've been wanting to eat here for awhile and finally got the chance. It was pretty good. We got the Lamb Shawerma Platter and the Saca's Combination Platter. I can understand the other reviewers saying that "for the price there should be more". The servings could be a tad bigger but it wasn't a deal breaker. Everything was fresh and tasty. I will definitely be back!
I'm not giving it a 5 just b/c it's nothing like the falafel you'll find in Israel.  However, that said, for Boston, it's not half bad.  And the fact that it's right near my apartment is a major plus.  My only visits here have been at 2:30am after a night out, which might skew my review on the side of deliciousness, but it also means that I can review the service adequately.  At 2:30am, this place is PACKED!  But don't be afraid of the line out the door -- it moves quickly.  Plus, there are always others around who are either nice to talk to while passing the time or hilarious to watch as they drunkenly embarrass themselves.
Damn you Jerusalem Garden, I've been ruined for life by you. I have traveled this world far and wide, and its rare that I encounter middle eastern food that even approaches your yumtasticness. 

This place is a little cinder block building. Over the years they have added a back room with tables, and they have outdoor seating during the summer. We sat outside today and ate, very pleasant.

Best falafel EVAR. So good. Excellent humus. I had the chicken shwarma plate today.......tasty. If you are in Ann Arbor, and like middle eastern, don't miss Jerusalem Garden. Its not much to look at, but the food is top shelf.
I felt there was much to be desired at this little college restaurant.  The concept is great, but I always feel like I'm walking into a cave.  That kinda creeps me out.  The food is good, although it's often a little overdone, but still good.  I wish the hummus came in different flavors instead of "plain."  Plain is fine and dandy, but for the amount they plop on top of your salad, I wish there was a flavor to it.

Good place to stop by if you just need a little meal while your around town.
Sometimes the people in your life drag you to places out of your comfort zone only to reaffirm why your comfort zone is labeled so. Other times they do so and open up your world to new tastes and flavors that make you wonder why you don't take more chances.

I'm not rube enough to have never eaten pita kabob's brand of food, but its certainly not something I would have gone to on my own.  That is before my pseudo ex non girlfriend started to insist we eat there.  I've never been more grateful.

Its tiny.  The decor is dingy at best.  But its tasty and cheap and you can eat outdoors.  When you need lunch, what more do you want out of life? Try the Cajun chicken pita, you won't be disappointed.
Adding another star to this place because of three things.
1. Friendly service
2. The garlic chicken wrap is absolutely top stuff.
3. Last, the hummus is some of the BEST I had lately. Try the hummus! 3 quid for a half pint, it's all good.
Quick, cheap and surprisingly flavorful. The shwarma is usually tender and juicy (though it can sometimes be dry), the rice/baba ganoush is delish, the hummus is lovely, the pita is probably store-bought so skip that and the service is (surprisingly) fantastic every time I come here.
This is a great late night eatery, it just depends on the cook. 95% of the time it's amazing, I've just had one/two not-so delicious sandwiches. 

The greek fries with feta on top is a great deal. I ordered a small to go and in fact it was a whole bag filled to the brim. :D

If I am cheap I would go Memo's but if I have the extra couple of dollars I would most definitely go here @ 2 am.
I wish I had known about Makkah sooner.  So many late-night munchies could have been deliciously cured, and I could have prepared totally awesome ethnic cuisine from my motherland with all the authentic spices and ingredients they sell there.

Okay, so I'm not much of a cook (and I'll be damned if I'm making my own phyllo dough), but at least they were always there when I needed hummus and pitas, or a nice greasy brunch.  This is definitely a great place to stop in for a quick, hot breakfast - delicious eggs and pancakes and turkey bacon served at lightning speed!  And it's cheap as hell, too.  I paid $3 for all of the above.  Also try their Baklava!  It's a dollar well-spent.
The plague of Westwood. Wanna be hollered at by the biggest scumbags on the Westside?... By all means, go ahead and roll by. 

I wish they would bulldoze this place, so I wouldn't have to put up with their crass arrogance as I wait for my cookies. This place is just an embarrassment. A magnet for pricks.
It's fine.  Very edible, very predictable.  The place is comfy, not very expensive, and the staff is very friendly and genuinely seem like they appreciate your business.  Overall though, the food just didn't stand out at all.  I'd maybe go back if I was in the area and was hungry and in the mood for a falafel or shawarma, but otherwise I doubt I'd go back.
I LOVE this place! I used to eat there way more but lately have not been going out as much. I have never had a bad experience with any of the food I have tried. I have tried many of the food items and there is so much flavor. I also love this place because it is family owned and they are really super friendly ;) The only bad thing is they are closed sundays :(
Food is very good and fresh. I really enjoyed the lamb kabobs and did not find them to be overcooked. The Baba Ganoush is really good and a huge portion. The desserts and coffee were outstanding as well. A great place on Craig Street.
Imagine driving past a tiny strip mall, reading "International Market & Grill" and saying "oh, I'll stop there for lunch one of these days" and then not doing it for oh, 3 months... Finally, one day - you make it there and proceed to have the best "beef stew with vegetables" you've ever had in your life. The blissful devastation of my palate knowing I had been denying myself the pleasure of a curry-like stew with spinach and the most delicate chunks of melt-in-your-mouth beef over fragrant rice every Thursday for a near 3 months!

I will go there at least once a week for the rest of my life (after 1pm for the specials) is the only thing that is assuaging my guilt. The food is fantastic. They have "daily specials" which translate to "Yes, gimme some of that". I will have to bring a friend to try anything else that is on the menu (which is pretty simple) so that I don't have to deviate from the comfort-food home cooking that is the Persian daily special. 

Is it Persian? I had no idea. I was sitting there eating listening to a language I didn't recognize, eating food that was a cross between Indian and Greek, with my stomach's third eye curled up like a kitten in front of a fireplace. A total mom and pop place with a little bakery and shop (the market part), full of things I plan on buying and trying during an adventurous weekend in cooking. 

*sigh* Going to work just went up about 3 notches thanks to lunch at IM&G.
The owners here, Dmitry and Dany, both worked at Moody's Falafel Corner, and then they had a business dispute with the owner of that place.  So they started their own git at Harvard Square.  

The food is pretty good, but the way I remember it, Moody's is slightly more flavorful. 

That being said, this food is also great, a great value, and also, they are VERY nice to me.
Same Taste of India reliability, new and "improved" craptastic service.
This is the best food cart on UPenn's campus and the best (most authentic) middle eastern food I have had in Philly. 

EVERYTHING on the menu tastes great. My favorite is the kefta sandwich with everything on it... SOO GOOD. 

I actually eat here almost every day and I get a different thing every day of the week and ALWAYS love it.
The pros:
Speed of service (do they even cook here or do they just magically have your order waiting?)
Decent tasting food (no substitutions or changing anything tho.)
Large seating patio.
Cheapo. 

The cons:
The staff's attitude. I'd describe it as haughty and rude at times. 
Cleanliness? Has anyone checked out the bathroom here? Not for the weak of stomach.
No substitutions. Don't like onions or tomatoes or olives in your ready made salad? Too bad. They're there. Live with them.

Overall, it's cheapo food served quickly. If you want an excellent dining experience, go to an excellent establishment. This is just a small little cheapo cafe where you'll get decent tasting food for a good price.
THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!!!  As soon as my girl and I were seated, the waitress comes and tells us there is a $10 minimum charge per person. No HI, No Hello... just $10 dollar per person. i didnt let that issue get to me since i was craving  food lol. So we order and the food comes. Man it was just bland and the soda was flat. The corny music was just too loud and the place didnt feel welcoming. Bad food, bad ambience and bad service  best describes this establishment. Needless to say i will never return.
I ate here a few days ago (Saturday Nov. 5th, 2011, around 4pm) and the food was okay. Not great, but not bad either. Got the Falafel pita, which didn't come with hummus. A little disappointing, but the (admittely small) "salad bar" toppings helped to fill it out a little. Based on the food alone, I would probably give it 3 stars.

The real kicker, however, was the roughly one-inch long piece of metal wire that was somehow cooked into one of the falafel balls! Luckily it was one of the last bites, so my appetite wasn't completely ruined by the experience, but it did poke my lip and make me wonder how "organic" this metal wire ingredient they use is.

I showed it to the guy who was doing the cooking and he didn't really apologize at first, just said something like "that's never happened before" and "it probably came from this brush we use to clean" which made me even more upset. WTF!!! 

He then apologized and asked if he could give me something to "make it better", "some fries or a chocolate falafel" but didn't offer to refund my meal. I refused his offer (wasn't hungry anymore) and walked out.

I debated about putting this review up (I'm more of a Yelp review reader than writer), but figure that people (both potential customers and also the owners/management) should know about this.

I don't plan on ever going back to this place again, and don't recommend that you do either. I would have given negative stars if possible...
This little eatery in Houston's trendiest neighbourhood (I am not a native so please excuse me should I be wrong but from what I've seen of Houston so far,I love the area within the Rice Village most) is a must visit for any trip/stopover in Houston.We had an opportunity to return just last weekend and I am thrilled beyond words.
The food tasted the same,as good as when we first tried it though they can really work on the portions (this is coming from someone who never leaves an eatery without a box).
My all time faves includes theLamb Lamacun and their Kuzu lamb dish.The iskender kebap is pretty darn good as well and if you looking at a quick and light bite,their doner kebap(in sandwich form)is a good bet.
Parking however can be quite a hassle,especially on a Saturday night,so be prepared to walk a distance if you are not able to secure a spot right in front of their tiny lot or the lot opposite them.
Enjoy!
Nestled between a state-of-the-art Genzyme building and semi-vacant MIT real estate, Acietuna offers up a simple, yet delightful middle eastern menu in a wasteland of dorky pubs, bad pizza, greasy chinese food, and boring burrito joints.

Okay, so its not like sharwarma is the most exciting thing in the world, but their shawarma is really top notch and even easily overlooked items, like the vegetables with couscous, are excellent.

Oddly, delivery trays have much larger portions than if you do take-out or dine in.  Speaking of dining in - Acietuna is completely empty at night, relying more on local, middle eastern families to roll up in their giant Range Rovers or BMW SUVs for take-out.

Also - their desserts are some of the only ones I've ever had in a commercial restaurant that are not too sweet.  Their use judicious use of sugar allows the subtleties of their other ingredients to shine through.
I'm only going to write about the food because the venue aspect is legendary and doesn't need any words.

You have to do this when you go: order a side of whipped garlic (yes, $3 IS a lot for it, but trust me, it is worth it) and shmere is on every bite of everything! SO GOOD. The best is stirring a big blob of it into ketchup and dipping in their amazing fries. I do not recommend doing this on a date, only with your friends or your boyfriend who's heard you burp before and knows you go #2 even though you're a girl. That stuff stays on your breath for days, but it is amazing.

After, go to City Convenience next door to buy gum for your stink breath and scratch tickets to win back the cost your meal! It's genius!
This is the only hookah bar I've ever frequented.  There's Gypsy cafe across the street which is a lot quieter than Habibi but I'm used to the loud music at Habibi, plus they have nights with live entertainment where people starting dancing on the tables...

The place is usually frequented by college students but what do you expect in Westwood, smack in the midst of UCLA.  Good luck finding street parking...it is a total bitch.  You can always pay like $7 and park in the lot across the street.

It's fun to go with friends, order smoothies, an entree with hummus and pita bread, and smoke fruity flavored hookah.  I haven't been there in the last year b/c I had chest surgery so I don't think I'd get the full experience..haha.
Wow! Flavor and texture are perfect in my chicken kabob wrap! Cheap sodas, reasonable prices all around actually and there were all good vibes from the staff!
This place is so fast and good! I work in Pasadena and only have a 30 min lunch, I can always expect to come back on time. On top of that it's great food. Their fallafel pita wrap is the best!
I moved out of Pittsburgh last year, but make a point of eating at Taza 21 whenever I go back to visit. The only problem is deciding whether to go with known favorites (best falafel in town, musakaa wrap with their fresh yogurt sauce) or to try something new. Recently we had the rice pudding, deliciously flavored with rosewater- SO GOOD!  
Prices are quite reasonable. We had to wait quite a while for a table at lunch recently, so let's hope the business can move to a bigger space soon.
3 and a half stars for the authenticity and the benefit of the doubt that we ordered the wrong thing. We had a buy one get one 50% off sandwich coupon from the UCSD student dollar stretcher and so Mike got the sirloin sandwich and I got the chicken. It was 3pm, well past the lunch rush, but we waited at least 15 minutes for our food. Ordinarily it wouldn't be so bad, but I was hungry and Mike was in a hurry to get back to work. When we got our food, it looked fresh and good, but there was hardly any meat in the lavosh bread! I don't know if it's worth coming back, seems pricey for what you get.
Great food. The best gyros...yes I'm going to say it, with fear of hyperbole, on the face of planet earth. The fries are also wonderful, that would make you commit the most horrendous crime you come up with, or even one that was hidden away in the dark corner of your subconscious, live on national television, with the entire populous watching your every evil move, just for the momentary taste of one single fry on your lips. 

Oh... and free refills on pop for only 0.25!!
Yum. Sultan kebab & lambchops--weekend specials. Come on the weekend and get these. Fantastic!
Small Portions and not very good food. 

I'm surprised this place has gotten so many good reviews, because when we went in on a Saturday afternoon, it was empty!
This place irritates the hell out of me. The owners simply REFUSE to fry up a fresh falafel, even if you ask, and even if you're there during an off-peak period (i.e., not during lunch rush). For those who don't know, a falafel that's been sitting around for a while (or worse, is completely pre-made, which is why they have that blazing fast turnaround everyone's talking about) is not that delicious at all. They seem to be able to make shawerma to order during off-peak times, but ohhh no... it's too hard to fry up a falafel.

Not only that, but I was in there today (I usually don't go there at all, but my co-workers wanted to go), and they wouldn't even heat my pita for me, and were completely unapologetic about it. They were like "we serve everybody the same way". Well maybe no one else minds crummy not-even-warm pita, but I do (and they package each pita in an individual plastic bag, which may be efficient, but which seems very wasteful)! I am fine with surly service, but not when the product is mediocre.

Baba ganouj has good flavor, but texture seems a bit stringier than usual... not sure if that's a good or bad thing. My co-workers claimed the meat stuff is delicious... haven't tried it, so I don't know.

The place is busy, so I guess the masses are happy enough, but I don't think this place is very good at all. The food isn't horrible or anything, but I can't understand all the 5 star reviews, even on Yelp, unless they were all written by the owners' cousins. The food is average-to-below-average Mediterranean food. I don't like Zankou (which, in all fairness, also usually gives you stale falafel, though often marginally fresher) or Pita Pita much, but even they are better than this place.
The chicken!  The chicken!  The Chicken!  And the shwarma!  


I'm not a big chicken eater, but this place rocks.  it doesn't even need the delicious garlic sauce that comes with it, but the garlic is awesome too.  

We usually split the chicken and the shwarma.  The hummus that comes with the dinner is surprisingly good for a take out place.  The prices have goon up, but it's still a bargain.
I'd have given Mosaic Cafe 4 stars if I hadn't had a spot of tummy trouble following my meal there. 

We really liked this place on our visit last month. The decor is very attractive, the banquettes comfy, the food is plated handsomely, and the staff is friendly without being obtrusive.  My vegetarian sampler was excellent. My husband said the kabob was good. I have eaten a lot of local Lebanese, from Bacchus to Taverna, and this place holds its own.  We'll be back.

Note: If you blink, you'll miss it. It's in a strip mall near U of Md.
I thought the Olive Tree Cafe was pretty good. Came here with the boyfriend for breakfast on a weekday. Service was quick and breakfast was awesome! I got french toast, bacon, and eggs. All of it was delicious -- especially the french toast -- and I am picky about my french toast. Bacon was crispy and meaty, not like some places you go where it's all fat. Boyfriend got an omelet and hash browns. The omelet was good but the hash browns sort of blah. Free refills of good, strong coffee, although the refills could have been quicker. All this for less than $12? Sounds like a deal to me.
The owner's father greeted me before I even walked into the restaurant and was very friendly.  I love falafel (more along the lines of an addiction) and was excited to see so many good reviews for this place.  While the falafel itself was delicious, how many stars do I give for just falafel?  The rest of the meal was barely mediocre :-(
I ordered the falafel wrap and french fries with their "famous" garlic sauce.  I was first disappointed that they didn't have tzaziki, I have never been to a place that didn't offer it with their falafel.  I got it with just the tahini, which was pretty tasty, though.  I was first brought out my wrap and was told, the fries would be a while as "it is homemade".  I was perfectly ok with that as I was looking forward to what I thought would be real potatoes, cut up and fried or baked topped with a tasty garlic sauce.
When I bit into my wrap, the first thing I tasted was not the yummy falafel, but the stale pita bread :-(  As I was eating, the father came in with a huge box, put it on the table across from mine, and said, "fresh bread!"  Bummer, guess I just missed out on the fresh stuff....Like I said before, the falafel itself was amazing, the perfect texture and not too salty like a lot of places make it.  The tahini was delicious as well, but unfortunately, those flavors were overpowered by the stale bread...
Finally my fries arrived as I was nearing the end of my wrap (and I'm an incredibly slow eater); I was so excited until he placed the paper bowl down on the table, I looked inside and saw: frozen french fries topped with a small blob of white garlic sauce.  My face went straight from :-D to :-(  Seriously, frozen french fries??  For $4 and about a 30 minute wait?  Granted, the garlic sauce was good, but not good enough to ignore the fact that it was covering frozen french fries....I guess that's what I get for ordering french fries at a middle eastern restaurant...
On top of it all, there were flies buzzing around my head and the food throughout my entire meal, not really what you want to see.
If I went back, I'd probably order a falafel dinner in hopes that the sides it came with were as good as the falafel itself.
Haven't seen a show here. The food is average Middle Eastern.
Get the Shwarma platter or sandwich...everything else is rather pedestrian. A tad pricey.
After moving up to Pittsburgh, I was worried I wasn't going to find any good food at all.  Especially to satisfy my newly acquired taste for Mediterranean food.  Luckily enough Istanbul Grille opened up right across the street from me, and I have been eating there at least twice a week for the past 8months, minus the time I go home for break. 

The food is amazing, everything is fresh, even down to the yogurt used in the sauces and certain dishes.  The baklava is the best I have ever had, my family tells me bring home at least 2 dozen pieces when I come home to visit.  

 The gyro is amazing! It is not the frozen blend of lamb that you see most college restaurants selling!  This is the actual meat on the spit style gyro.  My favorite dish is the "Kofte Plate," it is basically a ground meat patty, chicken or beef, mixed with all sorts of wonderful goodies and spices.

I am not Muslim, but according to the owner, everything is prepared in the style of Halal cooking, which is equivalent to Jewish Kosher.  There are no pork dishes, and everything is done according to the religious codes.  If you are like me and your stomach has no laws binding it, the food is still wonderful. 

The last thing to mention, is the owner of the restaurant.  "Josh" is a great guy.  He goes out of his way to make you feel welcome in his restaurant, spending as much of his time in the dining area as he is kitchen cooking.  It's nice seeing restaurant owners being active with their customers.

Just my opinion, take it or leave it, but I know I'll be eating there no matter what you think.
Don't let the construction and exterior deter you, the food is so refreshing, i had the lentil soup, shawarma & a side add on of a falafel patty.  they forgot my falafel patty, but I was full anyway, plus I didn't care as the food was served so fast I didn't even have time to look at the decor.  

I would come back here anytime... I guess the hard part now is deciding to eat here or earthen jar, another great choice right next door
Chicken wowshi. They make it, you fill it. 6.25 after tax to be full to your hearts content. Chicken is a little dry but the pita is amazingly delicious and moist. Great on the go food as long as you don't try to stuff your wowshi as much as you can like I did, which ends up being a mess.

Definitely add that spicy sauce too, it's not super spicy but you'll taste it and probably feel it.
Wish Yelp had  -1 rating for places like this. This place has not a thing to offer; no decent food, no interesting drink, no ambiance, no decor, no service and plenty of attitude. It's one giant cash vacuum for primarily middle-eastern students of nearby UCLA and others that stumble upon it.

We arrived with a large group and the happy hostess (everyone is happy and smiling there until you pay your check) was glad to guide us to a table. It was evident we'd not all fit there but they keep insisting we get in a squeeze closer and closer. After trying for 20 minutes, she finally gave up. That's when the owner jumped out of his brand new black Rolls Royce parked right at front, to find us another table. In his white suit and all the jewelry, he looked more like a stereo-typical pimp than a restauranteur. After a bit, he found us another table and managed to squeeze us all in there, before disappearing back into the Rolls (!!) 

Next was thick cloud of hookah smoke, plus the very loud Arabic club music from a live DJ taking over all your senses. Almost impossible to talk to anyone at your table and not even seeing your plate, you ask for your check and that's when the attitudes also shift. I could not believe the hand gesture of one waitress, ordering the busboy to more or less kick us out, so they can try to turn over our table. And they do it proudly and with mo apologies.

All and all, a horrible experience and the last time I am visiting Habibi.
Ok so I use to come here when I could get a chicken shawarma or a felafel sammich that would knock my socks off :) and it was heavenly...then they swept the rug up from under me and Viola Hookah all night. I have come here a few times and I want to like the new set up, but i can't with this place..i just cannot and this is why....

1) The upstairs is always so crowded although its not their fault. However,  if you want to wait you have to leave..seriously leave walk out the door and wait outside.  I was told this by the guy who i believe was the manager and it was just my friend and I so how much room could we take up? So i asked if we could just wait downstairs at the bar until some people leave and he said NO...so we couldnt wait downstairs either? Weird.

2) Hookah's are mandatory...which is ok but when i went with another couple it wasnt enough that me and my friend had one..THEY also had to buy a hookah...So 1 hookah per couple.  I was told this is a rule b/c of the younger kids just coming in and just hanging out...But we planned on buying food and drinks as well. Even so you still had to..no likey!

3) Have your hookah for more than an hour...pay up! You get charged for a refill or get out.

4) Free Wifi Yippee....from 3-7pm...Doh!

  I will not be coming back to this place i tried to give it a shot a few shots actually....I just cant..Go to Zenobia down the street.
Moved here in January.  I've been to this place at least seven times already and it is very consistent.  Interior of restaurant is immaculately clean.  Prices are cheap and the falafel is incredible.  5 stars for cleanliness, consistency, great falafel and good service
This place has the best middle eastern/arabic food around Cambridge. Great hummus ajami and mujaddara and excellent mint tea.
Sure, the coffee is good, the food fair, the staff friendly, and the ambiance swell, but what is up with the tables? They look the part but shuffle with every bump and nudge. Soigneux!
ha, ha, ha.  I am not at all surprised at the reviews here.  I used to go here when I was sixteen and in high school..oh yeah, and I thought I was all cool.
Firstly, I never was carded.  Since it is a college community setting (for the most part), the workers assumed everyone was of age to smoke tobacco.  Thus, this place was popular with college students who had younger friends still in high school.

This place defines sketch.
Inflated prices,
a "club" next door,
cash only,
$10 per person minimum,
gratuity included,
the owner's flashy vehicle almost always parked on the curve (aka no parking part) in front,
blunt and rude workers, 
and a disgusting bathroom.
...but boy oh boy did we think we used to be cool coming here..haha

I have been back once since those years and definitely don't think I'll be frequenting Habibi anytime soon.
I like the Middle East. I go there sometimes to see shows. All different kinds of bands play there, small local bands and hugely famous ones. Sometimes I go there to eat too. They have really great hummus. It's a little loud though when you're just trying to eat.
I've been to many middle eastern restaurants and I will say that no place makes me feel more at home and comfortable as Cedars #1. The most gracious and welcoming staff serving delicious falafel. I recomend a combo plate so you can try a little bit of everything. Can't say enough, I love Cedars and hope you do too.
5 stars, despite the gross bathroom. 

I've seen plenty of bands here over the years, and it's a freaking great venue.
I fondly remember how I stumbled upon Jerusalem Garden. Actually, I was dragged kicking and screaming by a close friend who wanted me to try something new. And I was so happy that she did. 

Their hummus is hands down... THE BEST in town. I am permanently spoiled for any hummus in Ann Arbor. Maybe even Michigan. It is just the right balance of savory from the garlic and chickpeas and tang from the lemon. I found myself just eating the hummus off the plate with my fork when we ran out of pita bread (though the server cheerfully offered us more.) 
Their chicken shawarma sandwich is satisfyingly delicious and their falafel is divine. Just the right amount of crisp on the outside with a moist delicate flavor on the inside. Oh and that rice pilaf?! For a $1.69 it's so good and so much!!!! 

With Ann Arbor restaurants being quite pricey, Jerusalem Garden gives a great bang for your buck with their price and their portion size. You will be completely full for under $10 and that's including the tip! 

Definitely go for their baklava! A perfect end to a wonderful meal. I prefer the pistachio over their walnut but they're both AMAZING! 

I would give them 5 stars but there are a few things that are bit irritating about the restaurant. 
 
1) Parking is hard to come by around 5th street where Jerusalem Garden is. Though it may be the case for Ann Arbor every where. It's harder now at JG because they closed the parking lot that was right next to them. You end up parking very far or paying for parking. 

2) Seating is quite limited. The restaurant is very small and though it adds to the charm it can be quite chaotic. Everyone wants to sit outside when the weather is beautiful... so it's a bit of a wait. Also, it is not very wheel chair friendly. 

3) I had been going to Jerusalem Garden for most of my college life and had always enjoyed the service that they provided. The staff was laid back and very helpful.  However, their old staff has disappeared and replaced with a very uptight server whom I had 4 times and was rude and neglectful every time. I have my fair share of serving experience so brushed it off the 3rd time but by the 4th I was upset. He was not attentive and messed up my food order. When I pointed this out to him, he simply sighed and went to go get it without a "I'm sorry" 

But I implore you to not let that get in your way of trying Jerusalem Garden. The food is great and the cost is cheap. It's one of the jewels that Ann Arbor has to offer. :)
Quite possibly the best omelet I've had from a breakfast/lunch joint.  I might even give this place a five if it weren't for the lack of a proper wait staff.  I'm all for keeping it in the family as Brookline Lunch does, but making the Mom be the only person to bus and wait tables had us sitting at our table reading the menu for a good 20 minutes before we got our orders out and then another long stretch before we ate.  This was pretty much the story the two times I've been there and it stopped us from going back anytime soon.  BUT.  I gotta say, it's worth the wait.  The eggs and veg are just about as perfect as you could want -- really handcrafted, homey goodness.  And the price is hard, nay impossible, to beat.
I always find myself here while in Pasadena. Great lunch plate. The chicken is always done perfect. The rice is always done perfect. The garlic sauce and chile paste is a great addition. The price is below $10 for a low fat, real plate of food. Amongst the best overall Value mediterranean food place you can find
I saw this place when I went to Abricott a few weeks ago and knew I had to try it out. I got the chicken shawarma wrap mostly because in The Avengers, the Avengers all eat shawarma together after they save the city, and I have to say that this wrap is Avengers-worthy! The chicken was moist and flavorful and there was just the right amount of sauce, and it was only $5! It was big enough so that I probably could have saved part of it for a snack but it was so good that I finished the whole thing anyway and paid with a food baby. Definitely a place that I'll be happy to go back to!
Good spot for late-night lamb shwarma or falafel, but my satisfaction with this place is always correlated with the # of drinks I've had that night...

None-1: I really wish this place tasted like the deliciousness of Israel and Greece. 2 stars

2-4:Why do I sometimes get so frustrated with this place?  It's pretty good.  3 stars

4+: This is AMAZING and a perfect late-night drunk food spot.  5 stars!
This place has very generous portions and the Shwarma is delicious. Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly, they even sometimes allow for an extra side. For any first timers I would recommend the Shwarma plate as it comes with Hummus/Rice/Salad. 

The only downside is that they let you choose only two sides and they fill the plate with fried eggplant chips which cannot be substitued.
Sorry, I had the chicken shawarma and I've definitely had way better.  The food didn't even taste that great to warrant so many great reviews.  My friend had some veggie pita that I can't even recall and I believe, at best, it could have been okay.  The chicken was bland.  Trust me, there's better elsewhere.
Until recently, this location was home to Falafel King, a good middle eastern place that just never really took off. A few weeks ago, it finally shut down and boarded up the windows. Now a new pita-related monarchy has emerged to take its place.

So how's the new king? Well, the 5 star rating says it all, really. I've only eaten there once (since it just opened yesterday), but this was the closest thing I've found in the US to real shawarma. You're not going to find the strange shawarma/gyros hybrid that's so common in these parts. Shawarma and gyros are both on the menu, listed as separate dishes. You know, because they are.

There's a choice between chicken, beef and lamb. It's real sliced meat on a vertical spit; no pre-sliced, griddle-fried meat product here. I went with a chicken shawarma. It came on proper khubz, with tomato, parsley, pickles, garlic sauce and tahini. The chicken was moist, tender and well seasoned. The garlic gave it a nice flavor, but was used with a light enough hand that I wasn't left with an aftertaste. Good bread:filling ratio. Maybe just a wee bit heavy on the sauce, but wieldy enough to eat on the go without making a mess.

The sandwich was pretty darn close to what you'd get at most shawarma stands in the middle east, but twice as long and six times the price (about $6). The sandwich is pretty filling, but if you want more food, a dinner plate costs about $10. It's a little pricier than what you'd get further down the Ave, but well worth it. And the food was ready in just a few minutes.

They also have shish kebab, falafel, and some desserts. I'm not sure where in the middle east these folks are from, but the place is decorated with pharaonic Egyptian stuff. Shawarma King is much more noticeable than its predecessor, with a glowey sign and an open door, so hopefully it'll last a while. I'm pretty stingy with 5 star reviews; I think this is the first time I've given one after a single visit. Give this place a try.

EDIT: Holy crap those fries.
The Chicken Kabob Pocket was so good that I left my jacket behind because I was too busy daydreaming about the pita, even though I just finished eating it.

Everything on the menu looks heavenly, and with the right mixture, it's ready to give you those feel good exotic burps for the remainder of the night.

I went with the Chicken Kabob Pocket. Grilled chicken, marinated in olive oil, lemon juice, fresh garlic, oregano, and organic spices (whatever that means.)   As for toppings, I started requesting a couple, when the boss behind the counter interrupted and said he would just put everything on it.

I didn't fight him, but I did watch what everything meant.

Hot sauce, hummus, lettuce, tomato, onions, hot peppers, pickles, tabouleh, tahina, and yogurt cucumber sauce.

What a combo.

In conclusion, I'm passed out in a hotel room in downtown Providence, and while all the Brown students are busy being brilliant, I'm alone in my MC hammer pants, writing  a yelp review about pita pockets.
shawarma.. always good.
I just started working around this area and it's always so busy so I thought I'd give it a try one day.  And now I keep coming back.  So far I've only had the chicken shawarma pita roll up but hey why not satisfy the craving. The pita is so good and the ratios of all the ingredients is well calculated.  I've also taken a look at the plate combos other people get = and there's definitely a large amount of food on that plate.  I would think it's a tad bit expensive for lunch but for that amount and quality, it's good when you're really hungry.  Must try that one day. They're very very busy, line usually goes out the door but it moves really fast so definitely not a turn off.  I do recommend going just right before noon especially if you want to grab a seat outside.  In the summer there's live music and on Thursdays, there's a farmer's market too. Will go back again and again as long as I'm still working here!
I had never been to a show downstairs until last weekend even though I have lived in this city for my whole life. The floor is a bit uneven, the ladies room was clean even at midnight on a Saturday and the PBR was cold. No matter how close to the stage you stand, someone will come and stand in front of you. Um, you are in my space. Your bum is touching me. So you have to move back or continue this awkward contact with sweaty hipsters.
Well, it has become more than obvious the reason why the prices are so cheap here (and I MEAN CHEAP) is because they hire little to no staff to  man the dining room. The fact that that it is family owned and operated is charming, and the staff is very friendly and kind.  I journeyed into this establishment for lunch with a coworker. The falafel and chicken shawarma were not bad at all, but I still would prefer the shawarma at Falafel Palace up the street. If your looking for a cheap eat, and have a lot of extra time on your hands, it might just be worth the trip for lunch. Depending on how lenient  your boss is...
I've only been here once, but I was very pleased!  The falafel sandwich wrap was $3 and was a tasty and satisfying lunch.  Inside the little cafe it was warm, homey, and welcoming with prime seating along the windows for great people watching.  
They could definitely charge more for the food, but I'm sure the students appreciate a good deal.
Used to come here after class/work a couple times a week. Its all about the Wowshis! They don't look impressive when they hand them to you, but after you personally fill it with veggies and sauces the wowshi will plump up in your hand and in your stomach. The "really hot sauce" really is hot, but I like it because its the kind of hot that has flavor to it, not just heat. Its all so delicious and fresh, I wish I was eating a warm chicken wowshi right now.
This place always feels grungy and cramped for my tastes.  The falafel is microwaved, and sometimes mushy on the outside.  I have had better, and will continue to have better because I shant be returning
Pita Pita is a mediterranean style fast food place with reasonable prices and  quality food.  I normally order the lamb kabob wrap when I go, but have ventured out to other things on occasion.  They do make really good french fries, and the "spicy" fries are particularly good.

The service is friendly, but it can sometimes take quite a while to get one's order.  A few times that I have been there, they have had only one person working the kitchen, even though there were several orders up.

As it has been indicated in other reviews, their hummus is particularly good, and very cheap.  That fact alone makes them worth a visit.
This place is gross and disgusting.

You walk into this tiny place with red lights everywhere, and you just get a cheap vibe. Weird nasty sofas and all.

Disgusting, perverted guys all over the place; rude staff; overpriced.

And when you try to politely ask to clarify the bill, you get a whole bunch of unncessary attitude from the idiot bouncer/waiter who thinks he's at Club TAO. 

Bitch, puh-leez!!!
The gyro is delicious! For $5.25 you get a warm pita filled with lamb and beef, topped with tzatziki (a yogurt mint sauce) along with onion, lettuce, and tomato. They also have a deal now where you can get fries with it for a small bit more. The falafel with hummus is also worth trying, but its a heavy meal, especially for lunch. But for $4.75, you can't beat the price. 

They sell their hummus at a few store around town (right now only Central Market comes to mind, but HEB might have it too), and I think the southwestern is the best. If it had a little more kick, I would love it more, but its still great. 

I've never had a bad experience here. The service is always prompt and friendly. The food is piping hot every time. The owners are usually there and the wife works in the kitchen. I've meet Tom several times and he is the nicest person. I love supporting an Austin restaurant, especially when the people are this nice.

I recommend Tom's for anyone in the neighborhood. Even if you're not, you should take a ride over and check it out.
The service here is quick and friendly.  Once I was a little short (I forgot they don't take credit cards) and they were really nice about it and gave me my falafel anyway.  The food is okay (and good value for the price), but frankly not the best falafel in Boston (my pick is Shawarma King in Coolidge Corner).  The chicken meat can be tough and dry.
Garlic spread is amazing!
Best falafel I've ever had - not too greasy, not too dry - and you can't beat the vegetarian combo plate. Hoummos, baba ghanouj, falafel, tabouli, house cucumber/tomato salad, tahini and pita, all for less than $6???  INSANE!  Amazing.
There was a time when I loved this place.  I would drive to Pasadena just to get the green bean stew.  But times have changed and not for the better.  On Sunday I went there and had the most flavorless food I've ever experienced.  I had previously been disappointed, but was in the neighborhood and wanted to try it again.  Rest assured I won't be going back.  I'm not sure what has happened, but the quality of the food has gone totally downhill.  And on Sunday night a chef was talking very loudly on his cell phone at a table.  I was sorry my meal was interrupting his need to converse.  Too bad.
I wish I had appreciated this place more when I lived around there.  Looking back it was amazing, the schwarma and hummus are awesome.  Falafel too.  It's a little small, but never too too crowded.  It's right in the Claremont village, it's pretty so it's probably better to get whatever you want to go and find a picnic table across the street.
Best falafel in west Philly. Only four stars because eating in is kind of a bummer. The setup of the building is unusual. It's very long and very narrow, with a giant ramp through the middle so the tables are really squashed. Great for takeout, though! Ate there dozens of times when I was in school.
Chirs S. your'e an ass...don't be bitter about the break-up, then take it out on the restaurant! ;)
I kid, I kid...but seriously, you're an ass...this place is awesome.

It's small, I think there might be a back dining area...maybe?
It was pretty busy when we went in around 12:30, but we got seated right away, and the sights/smells of the place immediately let me know this was going to be good.
I had researched it on Yelp the night before, and figured it would be a typical Middle Eastern eatery...kabobs, humus, falafel, etc.
Morrocan tagine, couscous, biryani!!! Wow, what a great selection they have...and of cousre your staples; shawarma, falafel, pita sammichs, etc.
We split a sampler app, which included: humus, dolmas, couscous, and falafel. All were amazing. The humus had a nice texture, the couscous and dolmas had nice flavor/spice...the falafel was really good, very tender inside, but not dry.
I had the veg tagine, which came with a bowl of very nice yellow curried lentil soup. The tagine was huge...way more than I could have handled, especially after the app and soup. The veggies were spiced nicely, and tenderly swimming in a wonderfully light tomato based broth. It was served with long grain rice, and if I was more of a man, I would have thrown caution to the wind in order to finish it all.
I would love to go back again (off duty), so I can enjoy some more great food with some wine...hopefully I will.
When i was less knowledgeable of this type of food, i liked this place for all of its visible choices.. Now, I still enjoy this place; but only once in awhile. ESPECIALLY now that I've been to Raffi's.. Try this place at least once, if only for the experience..
We sat down here on a whim on a Friday night- because the three other restaurants we were going to had closed. Good thing! 
We were treated like family by the waitress, and had a delicious meal starting with Turkish coffees, followed by salads, curries, an omelet (you can never go wrong with all-day breakfast- think of the vegetarians in the group), and a huge, shareable piece of baklava. So affordable, and so worth it.
I have a very tough tummy and I had some sort of terrible reaction to the falafel plate. Since that day, I can't even walk on that side of the street w/o cringing. I must have gone on a bad day.
Let me preface this by saying that by no means am I an expert in Mediterranean food, although I do have a strong appreciation for it.  

First, the location is great, sitting on the northern portion of The Village, which allows for easy access in and out of the area if that's one of your objectives.  Rather than being a traditional sit-down restaurant, this is the type of place where you order from the counter, and then you find a table to sit and eat your food.  It's not a very big place, so don't be expecting to walk into the place with a large group (over 4) and expect to find seating together for everyone.

To me, the food was pretty basic, being neither the best that I've ever had, nor being the worst.  I guess I was expecting my food to have a little more kick to it, and I found myself having to salt my entree.  But you can't beat the convenience of the place, nor can you beat the friendliness of the staff.
Lots of cheap options and made by a wonderful staff. 

The pancakes are standard but the hummus platter was devine!  I love the cozy atmosphere and the location is cool too. 

p.s. The spot is off an alleyway.
The falafel sandwich at this Turkish (I think) joint is large and filling; however, I can't say that the actual falafel was very tasty.  The falafel were lightly fried, not greasy, which was good, but it was definitely lacking flavor.  The sandwich is completely wrapped in a pita and seemed to be toasted on the outside.  The fillings inside were both generous and fresh and included: LTO, tahini, and hummus.  The hummus, by the way, was outstanding!  Let me close by mentioning that I eat falafel everywhere I go, so I am no stranger to the world-of-falafel.  Honestly, I would have enjoyed it more on the 2 am walk home from the bar. 2 stars for the falafel, but I added an extra for the delish hummus and mezze platter.
Usually pretty good, sometimes very good.  They keep the line moving and it seems like decent quality.  No complaints yet with any of the standards that I have tried.
Very nice people, who do a very good job on the lamb, tabouli and fresh carrot juice.  And they have a fabby photo of the corniche (in Lebanon circa 1974?) which makes me deeply nostalgic...

I just wish they would stop cleaning the floor with such a strong detergent--If you visit in the evening the vapors from this activity can ruin what might otherwise be a fabulous meal....
Brookline lunch is the definition of a greasy spoon brunch spot.

Their pancakes are delicious, big, and covered in a slab of butter. The french toast, however, was lacking.  The homefries come fried deliciously alongside whatever veggies are left over from the last person's omelet. The omelets themselves are ever changing: this week the veggie omelet had mushrooms, peppers and onions, where previous weeks I've had brussel sprouts in it. Also, GET THE JAM. If you have toast on your plate, make sure to ask for a bit of jam, it's amazing, and a different flavor everytime I've been there.

Service is really slow when it's busy, which is most of the time, but I've never had an issue with my order, and the food is super cheap.  Sometimes cheaper than it claims on the menu, which is kinda neat.

Perfect spot for eating away your hangover on a Sunday morning.
I've had takeout from here a few times, and the food is great.  I particularly enjoy the "condiments" -- the baba ghannouj, hummus and garlic paste are great and I use them liberally with the pita and fries that come with most meals, and indeed with the meals themselves.  The fried cauliflower is delicious, and in general the appetizers here really shine.  I've also been pleased with their entrees, although a few of them have been less than stellar.  In particular, I've found the meat on their kabobs a bit dry and unseasoned, although this is easily remedies by adding a touch of garlic paste.  Also, the baklawa had too much phyllo dough and not enough nuts for my taste.  In general, though, the food is fresh and delicious and is a great alternative to pizza and wings (note: they do have great wings, though).

The atmosphere is quiet, which is unfortunate but outside of their control.  I've never had a problem with the service, although this is a "family-owned and operated" restaurant so patience is sometimes required.  Last time I went they indicated that delivery service will begin soon, which will be nice as the winter months come around.  Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.  I plan to frequent it as much as possible.
This place isn't as cute as its rival Pasha's but that is made up for by its price and lovely shisha options. Of course, it doesn't hurt to be next door to pubs/bars. 
:-)

The service can be spotty depending on when you go, but the food is delish! Imam Bayildi never fails, all the regular mezze stuff is pretty good as well. For vegetarians/vegans, there are only two entree options (not a surprise, this is a Turkish restaurant). One is their veggie kebab platter that comes with lovely basmati pilaf. The other is the vegetable lahmacun platter. Now if only they made their stuffed grape leaves the way Pasha's did and had Menemen--I'd be blown. Oh well, you can't have everything now, can you?
It's alright. It'll get the job done if you're craving Greek/Mediterranean style food in this area of Pasadena.  The chicken and steak kabob plate will get the job done. You can also opt for a full, 1/2, or 1/4 chicken plate that comes with rice, garlic paste, and hummus.  Expect to pay close to $10 per order.

However,  I'd recommend Soumarelo up on Allen Ave. just a 5 minute drive Northeast from Zankou...they serve MUCH better chicken at a slightly lower price per plate. And while I'm comparing Zankou to Soumarelo, let me just say the service at Zankou is absolutely terrible by comparison.
open late, quick bite atmosphere, and one of the best shawarmas in town. its also really cheap, though the new 15 dollar or whatever minimum for credit card is a bummer. but its better than not having credit card at all! 
previously reef's cafe in allston only topped this place for the lamb shawarma but now that reef's has closed, moody's reigns king.
Fresh, light food. Great rice and hummus. Delicious! They also use World Centric cups; compostable and sustainable. Good business practices.
Small restaurant and super busy during lunch hour, but the line moves rather quickly. The service was fast and efficient. Food here is pretty good. I love their beef kabob wraps and the chicken or lamb shawarma plate.  Both very flavorful. The plates come with a choice of meat, a side salad, hummus, rice, and pita bread. Their tzaziki sauce is refreshing and compliments the meat well. I love their hummus! 

The parking lot is convenient but may be hard to find a parking spot due to so many people eating lunch around that area. The service is so fast, I got my food in less than 5 minutes after ordering. Amazing!
I've been going to this place at least once a week for a long time.  It is hidden behind a shopping center on Lake Street, and yet it still seems to always be busy.   I usually get the falafel wrap, which is less than four dollars and is ready within 1 minute.   It has a similar menu as Zankou's, but you actually feel good about yourself after leaving.
This place is great. :) Spicy chicken nan wrap is awesome. People are nice here. I went here a lot. It's right next to University of Maryland campus.
Not the best falafel in town, but perhaps the speediest built falafel. After all, speed is intrinsic to cramming your food hole at no o'clock in the morning when a miasma of partially metabolized alcohol is left in your wake. I'm vegan so I've only ever experienced a few items on the menu; the falafel wrap, the falafel plate, some sort of grape leaf wrap thing. All perfectly serviceable. Meaning greasy and salty and delicious. Pro tip, stay away from the tzatziki sauce, it is based from yogurt, my vegan brethren.
Liked it.  Quick, reasonably cheap, and quite tasty.  We had some falafel, chicken, and  gyro.  All were good.  Nothing dramatic but what you would expect.  Everything comes with a large amount of sides and sauces so you can pick what you like.  The staff was very helpful in fixing things the way you want so don't be afraid to ask for what you want.  They also have kibbeh but you have to ask for that as well.  I figured it out since I heard someone say something in a language I don't speak but heard kibbeh plain as day and saw them eating it (I will get that next time since it's my favourite).  All the usual suspects in terms of this type of place.  All the food was very fresh and tasty.  Wish they had some spicy mixed pickles or mango pickles but basically that middle eastern place you loved in college (wherever you went) on Thayer St.  Can be busy but is very fast turnaround.  Some seating inside and a couple of tables on the sidewalk.  If you have been thinking about kibbeh, tahine, and falafel, this is the place.  Only street parking so on weekends, ride a motorcycle or park and walk.
I love this place! 
I always get the beef shwerma (I think that's how you spell it, it's number 10). and I've never been unhappy with the choice. For around $10, you will be satisfied with the choice. Meat + Onions + tomatoes + Hummus = very satisfied eater.
Thanks to Yelp I found this small market near La Jolla. It has been there about 17 years so I am not sure how it avoided me so long. The food took 30 minutes just as they told me and it wasnt busy so its definitely not fast food.  If you don't want to wait call ahead and order.  We had the chicken kabob sandwich and the the fish plate that comes with a small salad and rice.  I would recommend both of the choices we had.  The fish and the chicken were both cooked to perfection nice and tender.  The rice is a bit dry though so you will definitely enjoy the sauce that comes with all the meals.  Prices are pretty average for a pretty nice location close to La Jolla and you should be able to feed 2 people for dinner for around $20 plus tip.
Drunk dancing at Zuzu is epic.   Drinks at ZuZu before drunk dancing as ZuZu is even more epic.  A small bar, but a very warm cozy space.  The bartenders can handle a crowd, the staff can handle maneuvering people, and the DJ spins some very interesting tunes.  Beats I don't know how to dance to, but with enough liquid courage, I'll try. (and most others don't know how to dance either)

Also, if you are looking to pick up a guy that looks like Moby, this is totally the place.  There were at least 4 bald white guys running around, who may or may not be vegan.
Well, Moody's seemed to be on the upswing - better food, prompter employees, new menu...and then, well, things went downhill again. Prices went up, portions got stingier, and the seemingly prompt employees were just taking shortcuts. My coworker recently had to return a sandwich that contained nothing but charred remnants and gristle. Today I went to bite into the pita bread that came with my salad only to find that it was a throwaway from a sandwich someone had started to make and then discarded. Nothing like finding crumbled, old hummus soaked, bread wrapped up in wax paper when you're expecting a nice plain piece of pita to accompany your meal.
I've never been completely sold on coffee/tea houses, if only because their comfortable nookiness is almost always too cozy. Everyone goes to them, and the cramped conditions get kind of claustrophobic. That said, Algiers isn't without its charms. I went on a whim with some friends when we were wandering Harvard and was told to get a hot chocolate, which was nothing short of amazing, but it took so long to come I kind of forgot I ordered it.

If you're going for just a coffee or tea, make sure you leave some extra time to chill out. Upstairs is far better than downstairs, where the tables practically lean on each other, but I suppose if you're going to a coffee house, you probably have enough time to dick around.

Don't go in a large group; you'll have nowhere to sit (which was probably our downfall). 2-3 people is an ideal number.
myself and three other very hungry females were trying to decide on where to eat for a while. We all decided to go to Cuchi Cuchi (yeah that is the real name of the place and it is also Charo's website, pretty creepy discovery) and walked there. However, Cuchi Cuchi had a 1.5-2 hour wait so we ended up going to Middle East.

When we got there, it was relatively empty, just a few diners and a few more people standing by the bar. A waitress came to our table relatively quickly with the menus, and once we ordered she memorized our orders instead of writing them down,which is always impressive. What is more impressive is that she got all our orders right.

The menu has a good amount of options, most of them are standard for middle eastern cuisine, and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the hummus as an appetizer. Although I was going to share it with one of my dinner companions, the other two were so hungry that we all devoured it within about two minutes of it arriving at our table. As a hummus lover I can say that the hummus here wasnt that good. It was just ok, but I can get store bought hummus which tastes way better. I ordered the Middle Eastern Cous Cous and if not for the spices, which i ended up eating by themselves, the dish is very bland and I cant say it was tasty whatsoever. My dinner companions, however, have seemed to enjoy their food. 

To sum it up, the food here was mediocre, and so it deserves 3 stars, however, the good service, reasonable prices and pleasant environment brings it up to 4 starts.

P.S.- if you need to go to the bathroom and the line is too long (the place gets very busy) ask one of the employees for guidance to the other bathrooms, this place is connected to three other venues so you have some options with that.
Lamb kabob platter is the way to go; I have also tried the chicken shawarma, which was pretty good, but I have had better. I have only been for lunch right around noon. It is always busy with a mixed crowd of students, professionals, and families. The guys at the counter are very fast and friendly despite the line which sometimes stretches out the door. You will not wait long, and by the time you get your food (tops 5min from getting in line) there is an open table available. I will definitely go back to try more items on the menu. Would have been 5 stars if the chicken shawarma had been as good as the lamb, but could just be preference.
We were looking for an early lunch and this was one of the few places open at 10:30am. The staff greeted us personally and were friendly. 
The lamb kabobs platter and gyro with fries were both very tasty.
Definitely a mom-and-pop/hole-in-the-wall shop with tasty food. 
I recommend coming here for a quick bite!
Alas! I went here for lunch today full of high expectations of tastiness after reading all these wonderful reviews and other recommendations. Indeed, the Eggs Florentine were really awesome, and the melange that composes their homefries (mushrooms! broccoli! whoa!!) is awesome except for the one unexpected ingredient! A HAIR :( My dish was whisked away and a replacement was offered and accepted, but now I am wary.
use to be even cheaper than current prices. still really good!
GREAT venue downstairs to see your favorite band. The Middle East seems to have fantastic bands playing this tiny venue all the time.

The upstairs is great for up & coming bands. Sometimes they suck, sometimes they're great, but they will always entertain. 

This place is one of the best music venues in the Boston area.
Whenever I go to Falafel King (and I have no idea why I went there again after the first experience), I always feel gross halfway through whatever I'm eating. The falafel isn't that great (try Bella Pita's on Gayley instead! - http://www.yelp.com/biz/bella-pita-los-angeles#hrid:A4iHucn6LQ-vZg6ge424Lw), those chips are totally gross (I have no idea what they are made of but whatever it is, it's not good) and the sauces have no flavor to them either.

Rating: I give it a solid yuck!
Awesome place to go to if your hungry and dont want to wait to long.  Portion sizes are just right and will definitely fill you up.  The only downside is parking which can be a pain since their parking lot is super small and the only other option is street parking.  Been here on numerous occasions and they have yet to fail me.  The Shawerma (beef) and kabob is flavorful and juicy and their humus is amazing.
This is a new middle eastern falafel place that has opened up on Mass Ave between Harvard Sq. and Porter Sq. 

Its still a little bare and they are just starting to learn how to run a restaurant. Seem like nice people, and the place has potential.. The prices look reasonable. 

I had lentil soup and grape leaves.. They were both good. Too much dill though.. 

I have yet to try other things.. Will post updates soon..
Heidar Baba is a wonderful Persian-Iranian restaurant. Come HUNGRY friends. 

Anahit, is the talented woman who designed my garden. In the fifties. When she occupied the lovely house that she now rents to me. 

She tells beautiful stories about her late husband, her travels afar and the birds that grew from a nest in my grapefruit tree. 

What a magician she is. My garden loves her. My aloe plant (charlie) quivers in fear at the mere sight of my ANYTHING but green thumb. (I once killed a cactus.) 

Every fruit-bearing tree in my back yard is all of her affections come to fruition. Who benefits? Me. Figs, white grapefruit, lemons, kumquats, loquats and don't even get me started on the shrubbery and flowers! 

So I say: "Anahit! I am taking you out to dinner! Anywhere you want to go!" 

"Oh no, save your money!" She says modestly. But she smiles as if a ladies night out is just the ticket. 

So I open my car door for her, make sure that her seat belt is fastened and make for Colorado Blvd. (Anihit does not have a daughter nor do I have a mother) 

Anahit wants to eat Persian food tonight and knows just the place! Luckily for me, she is from Armenia, knows middle eastern food and will order for me what I would never know how to in the foreign terrain of Persian menus. 

We took advantage of the free parking in the rear after spending about five minutes trying to figure out how to enter the lot. How? Just keep trying! 

The ambiance is charming here. The music playing? Beautiful and exotic. It reminded me of the "gypsy Kings". 

The soft lighting accented the dark woods of the restaurant. The open stainless-steel kitchen behind the bar is fun to watch. Especially when the flames are biting the air where the grilling magic happens. 

Anahit ordered a sprite to drink and I a coffee. Persians, I love your freakin coffee! *adds to my "loves their coffee" list* -Next to the French, Cuban and Italians. 

Bread with butter and a small plate of pickles and veggies were delivered. (on the house) What a neat pickle! It was VERY exotic. I can not describe the flavor to you as these are not herbs that I am familiar with! Sorry! 

When I was torn between ordering the yogurt with shallots or the yogurt with cucumbers, our darling server brought a substantial-sized sample of each for our trying. They were both fantastic, but I went for the shallot. ($3.95) -Even more thick and creamy than my beloved Greek yogurt. This is a remarkable dish. The invisible hint of shallot? Is perfect to balance the lemony-rich yogurt. (five stars)

Anahit advised me to order the beef kabob for an entree which comes with a choice of soup or salad and rice. ($11.95) She also tells me to stick with the salad. I do what I'm told! I spoke with the chef about my wheat allergies and was assured that there would be no wheat or gluten in my food. 

The salad consists of garden variety vegetables. (three stars) The whole grilled peppers and tomato that we were served next? This is a mammoth portion of something delightful and unexpected. I love fresh things like this. (five stars) 

But here is what I really didn't expect and why Anahit is smiling right about now. Who is going to eat all of this food! An army?!! Ten armies?!! Our server hands me a plate that looks to weigh about ten pounds. I'm not exaggerating. 

'No way!" says I. (anahit is now laughing) 

Anahit sprinkles a seasoning on her food and offers a little to my palm to try. It was a red tart seasoning. Similar to plum? I liked it. And i like to try new things! 

The ground beef kabob (four stars) is hard core. (insert Jersey accent) Very highly seasoned. Almost overwhelming for my primitive taste buds. Now the yogurt and Basmati rice pay off, to balance each bite of dramatic flavor. 

I put down about one tenth of the beef kabob and rice. No mortal could ever take down a mountain of food this monstrous. Feed the whole family with one entree here friends. 

While I loved the food, the service, the company and the ambiance, the flavors of the beef kabob were a little intense for me. The next time around, I might try something a little milder for my tame palate. 

We finished the night with a scoop of rosewater ice cream. (five stars!) It was my very favorite thing other than the good company that I was in. The dense and creamy rose water ice cream filled with dots of pistachio, was the perfect punctuation to my dramatic entree. 

I'll be back as soon as I have a football team to feed. But I will never dine here without following it up with ice cream. Or thinking of Anahit. Or smiling for either reason.:-)
Awesome prices, super friendly, great food.
The food was OKay. The koobideh and the regular rice here are kind of dry, the tahdeg is really good as is the maast eh khiar. The service at Heidar Baba was also very good.
Nothing better than a day at the arb, a couple pints at arbor brewing company and an afternoon snack of some j Garden. The people watching there is amazing, especially during art fair and hash bash. The patio seating outside can get a little grizzly, but the local pan handlers aren't too bad. I miss shakin Jake tho. Ann arbor has a few famous bums, shakin Jake was one of my favorites. I'd see him around j garden mid day or so and rap it up with him about local music. 
The food here is amazing if you haven't already read. I usually order the fallafal plate with extra fallafals. The sandwiches are pretty awesome too. The mujadra add chicken, or fattoush and chicken is another good way to go. If you are looking for a jolt, try the Turkish coffee, hoe-lee-cow. Zing. Take some time to roll down the block and check out the painted alleyway where a Micheal Jackson impersonator usually posts up with a boom box and does the moonwalk. Ann arbor is awesome and J Garden makes me wish i still lived in town. Cheers.
Every time I have tried to go to zuzu's, i have to stand in a long line outside and can't get in.. i am really going when around the time they say they open, i guess i just haven't had much luck with actually getting into the place. i did go once a long time ago and it was decent - i guess it's pretty small though and can't host the people who want to get in.. the people aren't really my crowd so much anyway.. i guess i'm lucky i have t.t.'s around the corner and they usually take me in without a problem and it's a bigger and better party..!
Average Middle Eastern food. People are on crack if they think this is as good as European doner kebab joints. The chicken shwarama was very dry and did not have much flavor. I did like the falafel, which had excellent flavor.

Much better choices in the Boston area are Reef Cafe and Boston Shwarama.
Oh boy--decent food, but they really need to get a routine down!  If you've ever worked in a restaurant the first thing you'll notice here is how no one really looks like they know what they're doing.  Inefficiencies abound! It was tense watching some poor kid sloooooowly making sandwiches while the person I assume is the owner grimaced over his shoulder without helping.  It took a good 20 minutes to get my chicken shwarma sandwich (and it was not busy).  It was decent enough tasting but I may wait a while before going back in so that they can get it together.
Good service, price and eats. Fast and friendly.
I have been to Greece and miss the gyros so much.  Usually I never get gyros because they are always a disappointment, but yesterday I went to Aladdin.  I got a Lamb Gyro and it was very tasty.  It was different then the ones in Greece, but it had the same flavor and delicious sauce.  I will definintely be returning when I'm craving a gyro.
Quick, clean, efficient, fresh and delicious.  Great all around.
Best Mediterranean food in Ann Arbor, hands down. The lentil soup and falafel are to die for.

The ambiance is lacking, at best. Sure, it's has "character", but so does the alley next to the Michigan Theater. Outdoor seating is nice in the summer, if you can grab it, but the space inside is really cramped and it's always freezing. The bathroom is best described as the closest thing to an indoor port-a-potty (on a good day).

Despite the atmosphere, I still considered giving this place a five star rating because the food really is that good.
Yes its a chain restaurant, but perhaps one of the better chain restaurants around SoCal.

Zankou chicken is perfect for a quick, cheap fix Mediterranean food crave.  Very simple, very quick, very yummy. Favorite plate is either the chicken or the tri tip with some of that white light sauce and the garlic thingy with the pita bread... yum!

BUT, sometimes they can slack and give you cold hard pita bread, sloppy orders, careless service, and the tables can sometimes be dirty. :\

Never the less, Zankou will continue to satisfy low income college students!
To me Med food is comparable to Tex Mex. By that I mean, the mom and pop/hole-in-the-wall type places are usually better than the more upscale ones and most med food (while not always equal) is always equally good. (Fajitas here are close enough to fajitas there and are always yummy and always hit the spot. Gyros here are close enough to gyros there, etc.)

Istanbul Grill has great, attentive staff and the food is as good. The portions are bigger than most places and the bread is fluffier than most places. I also really like the patio area because it has a really decent amount of seating, fans, and is well shaded.
When I was living in Providence this was one of the places I visited most often, not for its food so much as its convenient location right off Thayer St. Byblos offers decent food at reasonable prices, in contrast to many of its neighbors. Their shwarmas are good. However they make their french fries, they turn out delicious. Many vegetarian options, too, but unfortunately their falafels are never hot enough (they seemed to make large batches and microwave them as needed). I never went to their hookah bar, but heard the prices were outrageous. Seating in the back is nice; it can get crowded in the small indoor area.
Byblos also exudes a unique charm. Once I got approached by the Lebanese grandmother who sort of runs the place ("Mama") about renting her apartment. That was pretty weird. Another time I saw her on the porch, smoking what looked and smelled like a fat blunt.
I get the quarter dark plate and make pita sandwiches while I read comics bought from the shop next door.
Sooooo.....ordered delivery from Falafel Corner, was supposed to receive it 30 minutes ago, called to find out where in the world my dinner could be and was told it would be another 15 minutes!!

I. AM. STARVING. Literally, i am going to eat my cat if my food does not show up soon. Do you want that blood on your hands, Falafel Corner?

My only hope is that if it does ever show up it will still be warm and maybe even mildly tasty.



update: the food SUCKS - I hope they go out of business and something better goes in that spot - like a sewage plant or a medical waste container.
I LOVE this place, I eat here at least once every other week. It's located close to CalTech so it's always crowded but don't let that turn you away because they are super fast! Even when the line is out the door, you'll have your food within 10 minutes. 
My personal favorite is the chicken kabob wrap with a side of grape leaves (runs less than $8). The plates are also tasty and filling. If I eat the chicken kabob plate for lunch I'm not hungry again until 8pm.
The only downside is the seating, it's very crowded so I recommend getting your order to go.
Sure, the decor sucks (especially when compared to the Burbank location), but Holy MF Chicken is this place good. I've been coming here for almost 10 years and I'm officially a garlic sauce junkie. Everything is delicious here and I can geek out next door after, which is typical once a week.
Istanbul Grill isa hidden gem! I would never have expected that it would be as good as it is. Call me biased, but sitting at the end of a strip of bars, I always assumed it was built to appease and feed drunkies as they stumbled back towards Rice after a night of wandering Morningside. So, when going there was suggested, I was skeptical to say the least, but after going once, having a Istanbul craving a few weeks later and returning, I can officially declare these 4 stars as a solid 4. 

We have sat at the bar both times we have gone to Istanbul, and I highly recommend that you sit there if space is available. The chefs are very kind and friendly and sitting there gives you the opportunity to chat with them as they prepare everything, and they are also very open to letting you try new things if you have questions or if they have extra. The bread they give you in the beginning is amazing, but you have to do your best to try not to fill up on it all at once. I typically order off of the appetizer menu so I can try a few things. I love their dolmas, which were what I was craving and what sparked the return visit. Although I am highly partial to the Armenian dolmas at Phoneica, I think these come in a close second, the rice is well flavored, a bit of cinnamon I think, and the grape leaves are not overpowering. I am also an eggplant fiend, so I have tried their eggplant salad offerings both times we went. I really enjoyed the first dish, but last time I got the stuffed eggplant and I wasn't as impressed. They are rather generous when it comes to cooking with oil / butter, so while the food at Istanbul seems like it should be healthier, some stuff comes swimming in oil / butter which I am not the biggest fan of (as was the case with the stuffed eggplant). I also got the Vegetarian Lahmacun which I enjoyed, but wasn't as crisp as I would have liked. Each time we've been, dinner companion got lamb kebab, which he always devours and is very happy with. Last time, he discovered their hot pepper sauce, which they make on premise, that he gushed over. Also, we tried the baklava the last time too, and  it was incredibly good, not too sweet, and the perfect portion size, about 2x2, so great for a sweet treat that didn't feel like too much of an indulgence. 

A good alternative if  you're craving Mediterranean food and don't want to trek down to that popular place in Montrose that always has a line out the door!
The first time I came here for lunch I must admit that I wasn't impressed at all. However, the second and third time I came here it was so delicious. I order the chicken shawarma plate with the tomato rice, hummus, and cucumber yogurt. I always order my food to go even though I dine in because the portions (for me at least) are big. For some reason I feel like you get more when you get it in the take-out box. The chicken shawarma is moist and flavorful. The hummus tastes like typical hummus. The cucumber yogurt is refreshing and goes well with the chicken and hummus. The homemade chips that comes with the meal are tasty, but I feel like it's a heart attack waiting to happen because it's oily/greasy.

They have various side dishes, but I don't know what most of them are, so I stick with what I know! HUMMUS!
I haven't lived in Ann Arbor since 2008, but as I sit at my desk I dream of the chicken fattoush salad from Jerusalem Garden. Beautifully seasoned rice, bright veggies, beautifully cooked chicken and crunchy pita... nom nom nom.

If you're nearby, go for my sake! Enjoy every bite!
I love this place-very unassuming yet fantastic place for a quick bite.  I've gone there a few times and typically get the shawarma chicken wrap-delicious.  The employees behind the counter are always very friendly and the service is fast.  This isn't the kind of place I would take a date, but if I'm running errands and I'm in the neighborhood of this joint then I'm certainly stopping in!
A nice list of varied acts tends to filter through the Middle East and their performance area is intimate enough with the right crowd in attendance.  The food is passable, the beer overpriced and you will think they hired TSA gurus to frisk you for events but it's still an OK place to hit up for dinner and a show.
Only thee best Mediterranean food ever! Its about a 15 min. commute from my house, but worth every minute! They practically know me there. I walk in, and an older gentlemen with salt and pepper hair says, "One chicken shawerma?", and I smile and say, "Yes, please". I always see him or this young guy with glasses! Ha ha. Good people! Luv the food! Customer service is superb!!! =P
I love Persian food! Kabobs, stews, rice, sumac, and desserts that are out of this world. 

Decided to try out Darvish Restaurant. I always pass by this place on the way to shop at Sprouts and have always been a little intrigued. Why does going grocery shopping alway make me want to eat??? Anyway, went there for lunch yesterday and was not disappointed. 

Ordered the boneless chicken kabob lunch. I started with the salad with house dressing in lieu of the lentil soup. Salad was good but nothing special. Next came the kabob plate.  It came with a huge portion or rice - and I mean huge. I don't know the proper way to eat this, but to hell with what is proper. I proceeded to make mini kabob burritos. This consists of taking those small pieces of flatbread (not sure if the word is flatbread, but you know what I am talking about), and then putting a piece of chicken, squeezing a dash of lemon, spoon in a little rice, sprinkle tons of sumac, and then rolling it up like a burrito. It was pretty yummy.

During the meal had a nice time talking to the owner. He is really friendly and fun to talk to! 

For dessert I ordered the rosewater ice noodle dessert. Sorry, I forgot the name of this dessert. It was sooooo good. I have always just gobbled down the dessert as is, but the owner recommended that I squeeze lemon on it first. Ahhh, rosewater ice noodle dessert heaven. 

Would definitely go back! Prices are reasonable. Food is good. Owner is super nice.
Go for the mixed drinks -- especially the dark and stormys and the mojitos and for the cool retro bar stools.  Warmly painted with vintage glass paned wooden cabinets lining the walls, Zuzu also has one of the best decors of any bar in Cambridge.  Definitely the type of vibe you would expect to find in New York or San Francisco rather than Boston.

I would stick with drinks at Zuzu - the food is overpriced for what you get, although the Zuzu platter sampler/tapas plate is pretty good.

I usually hit Zuzu early because they charge a cover once the DJ comes on.  The nice thing is that Zuzu opens their front windows onto the street so anyone can enjoy the party from outside too - and judging from my numerous late-night walk-bys on my way home, the parties are happening.
love this place! recipient of my saturday night post-raucus 5-star slam down.

unique building. italian soda. legit wraps.
I ordered the Spicy Falafel Sandwich and the Hummus and Tabbouleh.  The first didn't have enough sauce and the falafel was overdone, so it was too dry.  The second had too much hummus and not enough tabbouleh.  Their falafel pales in comparison to Jerusalem Garden's, though JG's is more expensive.  Ultimately, mediocre food at a really cheap price.
The Good:
-The food is excellent. I have never been disappointed by anything I have ordered, they have a pretty large menu, and it is very easy to order a variety of dishes and share.

The Eh:
-The service is very hit or miss. I have been here mostly in the VIP booth... the other night we had an amazing waitress who was attentive, funny, engaging and really helped make our experience. The time prior to that we had a waiter who ignored us, didn't really care that we complained about his service, and relied on the fact that he was getting around a 20% built in gratuity on a $50+ bill.

The Bad:
- The hookah. At least on weekend nights. I have been here during the day and less busy times and it has been good, but on weekend nights it is horrible. Many of the hookahs leak, we had to return ours twice this past Friday because it was leaving a puddle on our table, and the waiters generally change coals infrequently. If you are looking for an amazing hookah experience I recommend purchasing your own hookah. 

The atmosphere here is charming, the waitstaff generally pretty okay, with a few stars and a few people that shouldn't be in the service industry. The people watching is generally good on weekends, and it's a fun place to bring out of town visitors. 

Little known fact, or at least it seems little known by how easy of a time we've had reserving the booths: You can reserve the two "VIP" booths that are curtained off as you enter the restaurant. The small one carries a minimum $50 purchase, and the large one a $100 minimum purchase. However, the small once can easily seat 6 people comfortably (we've had 8) so it's a pretty good deal in the end. You can also easily hit $50 with a higher end tobacco purchase and some appetizers. 

I would recommend visiting during the day if you want more attention and better service.
Simply put, go there.
First time there I ordered hummus with chicken while my boyfriend had a shawarma sandwich. I received extra pita bread and some random garlic butter sauce, for free, that was out of this world. After sampling each other's fare my boyfriend and I quickly decided that, without a doubt, this place is the tastiest restaurant on the Ave. And we've been to all of them.
It's 2am on Thursday night in Central Square. You're starving after a night of drum n bass rear-shakin at the Phoenix. Suddenly it hits you like a slap in the face-- despite Central Square's oh so hip vibe, there are close to zero food options at this hour. 

Don't insult me by bringing up Hi-Fi and Cinderella's. These are not food "options."  A milkless bowl of Cheerios from my kitchen is a more legit food option than the terrible twins of pizza failure. No, only one establishment remains in the 02139... Falafel Palace.

It's hot, it's good, it's cheap. It's open late. I've had much better falafel in my day, but the Chicken Kebab rollup is pretty decent in a pinch. They turn off the grill by the latenight hours though, so it tends not to be available. So I frequently just end up with an okay order of falafel, which is by far the best and only option at 2am. 

Someone please open up some great latenight eats spot in Central Square-- it'd make a killing.
They make great falafel! It is crispy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. Very flavorful! 

But, they do not seem to have rice with their plates but serve fries instead. I am not too keen on the paper plates or quick serve style.  They do not serve lebni. The baklava was very dry will very little honey.

I wiil definitely return for the falafel. The food overall is average; the falafel itself is fantastic.
Wow, this is my new favorite persian restaurant. Juicy juicy kabobs and mmm the barg is to die for. 

You also get soup or salad with every entree and the atmosphere is calm, casual. They have pizza and sandwiches for the kiddies too.

Will def be a regular here!
Stopped by desperate for quick food. I had the gyro which came with a few pieces of homefries. Homefries were decent but I was given approximately one forkful.

Gyro was just eh.. nothing great but nothing terribly offensive. Food was very cheap but I would not go back. Driving up Mass Ave. farther there were many more lunch/cafe/brunch options to choose from.
Cool underground bohemian vibe, good middle-eastern food. Waitress has tendency to slap 18% gratuities on your bill late at night...even if you're just ordering beers. 

 As for the music, there are three stages: the corner, which is free and has this REALLY annoying white-boy funk band on Sat nights. But other nights, it's a low-key alternative to the other Central Sq places. The Upstairs has a cover and sometimes some good bands, but check whose playing before you pay a cover--a vast majority will disappoint you.  Generally very lousy sound...way too loud and can't hear the vocals.
Downstairs is the best room but very rarely has any interesting bands but much better sound than upstairs.
Dang, I dunno what to say. Being armenian, this food is no stranger to my belly, but Hot damn its as good as it gets. Closest to home, the rice, the salad, the kebab's.  It's possible to get a triple plate with a lule, chicken, and steak kebab. its my fav. Contrary to what people say, the Shawerma is Good, but not Great. havent really tried any of the other stuff cuz no matter how many times i plan on trying other stuff, i cant stop getting the kebab.
Considering the lack of rock clubs nowadays, (or not owned by Clear Channel/Live Nation-don't get me started) the ME is one of the last hold-outs of a bygone era.  A loud, rude, independently owned basement level rock club that serves cheap booze and where you will see excellent music (and won't get kicked out at 10 p,m, to let in the cheesy dance crowd-again don't get me started).  Downstairs is usually national acts and upstairs local (hooray to ME for supporting local scene).  I recommend it to any rock, punk, indie, fan out there. You probably already go there though since there isn't really any other place to see good rock in the area  (except T.T.'s)

Oh and I can't forget that the Belly Dancing is simply AMAZING, don't forget to check that out even if you go just for that.
I went here for lunch with a friend, because we both love Mediterranean/Middle Eastern Food.  We got a Falafel plate and Shawarma plate to share.  The Falafel plate comes with a salad, hummus, and their own made potato chips.  The Shawarma plate comes with 2 side dishes, rice, and their own made potato chips.  The sides we got were the tomato/cucumber salad and the tzatziki sauce.  They have A LOT of choices for the sides though, so you should be able to find whatever it is you're craving  

I didn't really like the salad dressing they had on top of the lettuce, but that is really my only complaint.  The falafels were nice and crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside.  The shawarma was decent.  I really like the side dishes.  I think I like side dishes more than the entree at these types of places sometimes.  They give you generous portions around $8 a plate.  It's a pretty good deal and I left the place SO FULL.  My friend and I couldn't even finish everything and we were so full.  

The people who work there are really nice and helpful.
Not the best falafel I've had (I've had some darn good ones) but a solid 3rd place.  Can't be beat for the price.  Hot sauce and sumac seasoning are a must.  The wrap has a great consistency - thickness and chewiness are just right.
Don't like the lamb shawarma plate I got.  The lamb slices were really tough and old, like they've been on the spit for weeks.  The side hummus and tahini were mixed together in a watery pool that lacked flavor and texture.  It was a horrible experience and I will not be back.
I have such mixed feelings about this place, so I'll just give it to you straight.

Good: The amazing house jam, the 1950s prices, the sauteed veggies with every breakfast, the art on the walls.

Bad: The long lines on weekends, the extended droughts of service for 20 minutes or more, the general dirtiness of the restaurant, the greasy spoon odor that permeates your clothes.

But any cute, independent place that will make me a delicious eggs benedict for $5 has a place in my heart.
I went here in hopes of grabbing a shwarma that was close to the ones I had in Saudi Arabia, big mistake. My biggest complaint has to be flavor or lack of flavor. I ordered one chicken and one lamb neither had flavor and were dry as a bone.  The greens on the inside might as well been covered in dirt.  I won't be going back which is sad I had such high hopes for this place too.
I had the shawarma - bland, greasy chicken, no flavor. Fries were soggy and crap. Hummus okay. Many food trucks are better at serving this type of food.

I shall not return.
We go back a ways, Moody's and I. How many dalliances can I have with them before I just come right and admit that I love them? No more, that's how many.

I eat their shawarma when I am coming home late and hungry from the bar. I eat their shawarma when I can't think of anywhere else to go for dinner. I eat their shawarma when I don't feel like cooking. I ate their shawarma when I lived in Quincy and I sure as heck eat their shawarma now that I live in their neighborhood.

This is my midnight snack of choice on the weekends and my dinner of choice when left to my own devices. It's fast food i guess, but it's so darn good. I love the pickles, by the way. Lamb is tasty, chicken with hot sauce is maybe tastier, but i will eat it pretty much however it arrives. 

I have no idea whether it is authentic or traditional, but it is definitely delicional (YUP).
This place is SO GOOD.  Their falafel wraps are #1 in Boston
I'm a big fan of Sepal. They have delicious halal food and relatively low prices. They opened this branch at MIT student center branch when I was a sophomore and I ate my lunches there until I graduated. After I started working in Longwood med. area, every now and then, I would stop by the student center on my way home and grab some chicken maklouba because the Longwood branch didn't exist at the time.  I was a maklouba aficionado; so, that's all I ate there unless they ran out of it, in which case I would order Zanzabeel or Falafel sandwich. 

Anyway,  I basically bought my lunches at Sepal for 3 years, and occasional dinners for another 3 years. Come to think of it, boy, had I invested all that money on a Cambridge start-up I could've been a millionaire by now. You know what, their maklouba is worth it! I would rather eat their maklouba and struggle to make my ends meet than not eat their maklouba and become a millionaire. OK, juuuust kidding. Unfortunately, I live abroad now. But, whenever I go to Boston, I try to stop by to grab some food there. 

The owner of the MIT branch (and I believe co-owner of other branches) is a Palestinian gentleman named Masood.  He is very friendly, kindhearted, and charitable. I hope he grows this business much further and opens up branches all over the US.
I actually did not realize they had food but man was it a nice surprise. Order up a storm of Mediterranean small plates the kabobs and fetta and tomato salad were great. Cool staff in a hip spot! Very affordable as well

J
Boy I think about it every night and day
I'm addicted wanna jump inside your love
I wouldn't wanna have it any other way
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough...at BELLA PITA! - Black Eyed Peas (just can't get enough)

This place came highly recommended and it did not disappoint. Although it certainly won't get enough attention next to an in-n-out, it should if it had a brighter sign or something. I ordered the turkey pita and there was a condiment bar in which i added hot sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and a little hummus. Awesome stuff, good size and extremely affordable. Apparently well known in the westwood area, wish more people knew about it. Nice people too.

Food: 4 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 2 stars --- Price(value): 4.5 stars
Got off work today and was craving falafals so I decided to eat at Pita Pita today. Just my luck todays special was a Hummos with falafel plate. The special came with 6 big falafels, hummos, salad, beans, warm pita bread, fried pita chips and an excellent ginger hot sauce. The hot sauce was so good I had to ask for some more.

The special was $8.00. I'm not a vegetarian but there are times when I just crave middle eastern vegetarian dishes and what's better then falafals and hummos. 

The falafals are made to order and the photo I shot shows the lady frying them up. 

Other items I've enjoyed is the Chicken Shawerma Pita! Pita! wrap and rotisserie chicken.
No.  No no no.  I was SO excited to try this place.  I recently moved back to RI from LA where there is a whole world of Middle Eastern cuisine that would knock your socks off.  I needed to find a replacement, or at least a substitute of some kind.  This place is definitely not it.  I ordered their chicken shawerma wrap, my taste buds tingling with anticipation.  They were seriously disappointed.  They asked me to go back to LA.  They needed to cover up the taste with something better.  I told them it's not so simple.  Try this, maybe you'll like it.  No.  End of story.  This place will never be my substitute.  It could never live up to the sheer perfection that I've tasted in the past.  It just will not do.  Sorry.
$10 for a full koobideh plate is about as cheap as you're going to get for Persian food. They've increased portions, renovated so it's less of a hole in the wall, and it still tastes great - all without raising prices.  The owners are always gracious, and there are some nice specialty items for sale that you'd normally have to go to North Park Produce to get.  I usually end up picking up a box of cardamom Earl Grey tea while I'm there.
Reminds me of the con artists I came across in Cairo! Only worse. Horrible service, tea and the worst baklawa I have ever had at te most inflated price and forced service charge of 20% and only cash accepted.

Won't go bak if I has a gun to my head which I probably did!
I tried something new today, la la la la la laaaaaaaah!

Yes, oh yes, today i ventured into new food territory and ate like the Turks and dammit, it was awesome. I have a fear of many Greek, Turkish, Middle Eastern, etc cuisines because the cinnamon to stephy death ratio due to allergies is a little too high for my comfort zone, but after being assured that they don't put cinnamon in anything they serve, I was ready to roll on into the new frontier.

We started with the hummus and it was really yummy. I loved the pita bread it came with, although, hello, two girls, half a piece of bread?! What do i look like, someone from LA?! Oh wait....

I then tried the Karisik Pide which is made up of a thick dough crust stuffed with combination of cheese, eggs and meats. Mmm mmmm, like a pizza, but not. Really tasty and for $8.99 for a meal that is practically spilling off your plate, I say hell yes!

I also got to see my first Houston rain explosion. We went from a nice overcast day, to our outside lighting getting darker and darker and darker to literally pouring down like a madhouse. Cats, dogs, babies, the whole nine (not really, I mean, c'mon, babies don't rain from the sky) but yeah, it was intense and then 8 minutes later, nothing. Soo cool :)
I have been enjoying Falafel King for about 25 years and this is the third Westwood location that I know of.  This is without a doubt my favorite middle eastern restaurant on earth. 

They make excellent crispy fresh falafel, typically just as you order it.  The truly stand out items that they have are the cold "salads" which include several varieties of eggplant.  Their pitas are garnished with a delicous salad mix that include carrots and cabbage and fried potatos for an excellent taste and crunch.  Most importantly, unlike many competitors, their salads do not all taste like lemon juice.

While this is not a fancy place, the food is better than any similar place I have eaten at any price, highest possible recommendation.
I walked in and asked what the most popular dish is and the said the Chicken Kebab plate, so I ordered it to go.. And yes before I finished paying it was ready to go for me. It came out to $8 flat so I was content. 

Not too much seating inside but plenty in the patio.. For being really hungry, I think i should've ordered a little more. Overall I'd say this is a good place if you're looking for something quick and simple.
I come here all the time to grab their Veggie Combo. Tastes good, consistent week to week, and cheap too. What's not to love?
THE BEST FALAFEL EVER. As a vegetarian I am a little suspicious this place might have Soylent Green in it or something, cause I'm am used to dried up shit balls for falafel.
Great Persian (Iranian) food.  The meals are large and each meal is good for two.  If you get a meal for each couple, than it's a good value.

Try the Kabobs.  Good meat and great rice.
Huge mistake. Walked by sunny's diner and found it crowded, so we went across the street to the olive tree. How bad could a breakfast be? Started with a V8 and noticed the rim of the plastic bottle was discolored. Checked the date stamp and found it was out of date by 13 months ago. Should have left, but we laughed it off and ordered. The kid's French toast and eggs were fine, as was my wife's eggs and bacon.  The veggies in my omelet had an interesting flavor (cumin?) but some looked like they were as old as the V8. I tried the lentil soup as well and it was without flavor.

Next time, walk right past this dump.
A friend of mine brought me here for the first time a couple of years ago and I left thinking "Wow, I love this place!"  Since then, I've been a faithful customer converting friends and family into new faithful customers.  

All of the plates include flavorful basmati rice (if they have it that day, try the herb rice), roasted tomatoes and a simple romaine salad.  And there's the yogurt sauce!  I cover nearly everything on my plate with it -- really, it's that good.  I always get the veggie plate so that's pretty much all that's on it but my friend absolutely loves the chicken kabob.  According to her it is well seasoned ("lemony" I think was her word)  and perfectly cooked.  

The other thing that I love about this place is the couple that runs it.  They are there every time I'm there and are so nice!  It's all very casual and homey.  The food typically takes 15-20 minutes but you can give them a head start and call with your order.
Shared 2 combos amongst the 3 of us (~$23 total):

Kebab combos (shish + chicken) came with rice, hummus and pita.
The mediterranean combo (I think that was the name..) (tri tip + chicken) came with salad, hummus, some other sauce & pita. This one wasn't as tasty; I'd definitely recommend the kebabs!!

Each plate comes with an extra pita if you go up front. And they give you garlic butter!

Soo tasty, and surprisingly real full by the end.
UGH. I am horribly disgusted with this place. The atmosphere wasn't too bad (we came pretty early though) and the decor was nice... BUT THAT WAS IT. The hookah tasted like CRAP (we got the mix fruit, didn't taste like it very much... more like tobacco and mint). When I asked them for a coal change, they took coal from another hookah and put it onto ours. We were charged $43 for ONE hookah and 3 bottles of water. WHAT THE FUCK?! While we were looking at the menu outside the restaurant they were rushing us in. UGH. DON'T EVER COME HERE FOR HOOKAH. I'm not sure about the food, but their shady-ness ain't nice. If I could give them ZERO STARS, I would. So please, don't come here. If you really want hookah, go to the Gypsy Cafe ACROSS THE STREET.
I ordered the gyro pocket and my girlfriend got the grilled chicken pocket. I typically don't like hummus, but I thought I'd try something new and ordered my "pocket" with everything.  It was the most delicious wrap I have ever had.  It was delicious and unlike any other gyro I've ever had, it didn't make me feel greasy afterwards.  My girlfriends chicken pocket was equally good and the service there was fast and friendly.  I would definitely hit this spot up again on our next trip to Providence.
Honestly, the chicken isn't as moist as everyone says it is. Maybe I got an off batch, but the breast was super dry. The chicken, despite being dry, did have a nice taste to it. What makes the dishes awesome, as everyone else says, is that nifty garlic sauce. It's hard to make a good garlic sauce/paste without having a ridiculously overpowering taste, but they managed to hit the nail with a good balance of flavors. The hummus and pita are also super delicious.
really good shwarma!  during late lunch (2:30), i had made my order, paid and was walking out in about 1 minute.  not bad!
pita is soft, but i wonder if it is made fresh or store/market bought.
close #1 & #2 between this and pasha
The service here is awful and rip off.  The guy waiting on us, didn't check on us once after the food was dropped off. There are no refills on a $3 Sprite, and water is only bottled for $2.50. THEY CHARGE 20% GRATUITY FOR PARTIES OF 2.  They don't explain anything on the bill, you can't argue with them (every mysterious charge on the bill is simply "tax" or part of their arbitrary gratuity).  

Oh! they did not even give us a receipt and it is cash only. No sign was posted anywhere in the restaurant where you can see that this is Cash Only!!!!!. I think I am going to report this restaurant to IRS to have someone look into this business since they did not give ua a copy of recipt when we ask for one.  We waited 15 mins and still did not get our receipt so we left.
Why there isn't a better bagel place than this on South U is beyond me. I appreciate their free wireless and their late hours. I used to adore their hummus but eventually got sick of it.
How will my review stand out in lieu of the 155 already here? It likely won't. However, I highly recommend you see a show at the middle east. Get there early and push your way to the front to get an amazing view of your band.

I'll tell you they book wicked cool bands-- the Wrens, Mountain Goats, Art Brut, Dungen-- for wicked cheap. Save yourself ticketmaster fees by buying from the box office.

OH! and I can't believe I forgot to note that I once purchased a shot of hennessey for Eddie Argos, handed it to him, and he DRANK it onstage during "Move to LA."
The Middle East is back. Having dumped the pay-to-play battle of the crappy bands, the M.E. has returned to the roots it does so well: rocking your socks off. It's 4 venues in one-- You pay less to see legends Downstairs than you do to see has-beens anywhere else. You can also catch smaller touring and local bands Upstairs , some DJs in Zuzu, or get food and/or listen to folk or something in the Corner.

Upstairs is small (intimate, or stifling, depending on the band and the crowd), but not too bad a venue for acoustic acts. Anything more complicated or louder than a singer-songwriter is going to sound progressively shittier as volume is added.

Downstairs, which doesn't have a show every night, is possibly the best place to see a show on earth. As Jason B. put it, "it has everything where it counts." You can really tell there's a history here by the little things other clubs don't do-- like the free water with cups set up at the end of the bar. Sure, they could charge you $4 for a Poland Springs, but man, that'd be such a dick move. VIP section? Fuck off. Get there early and park by the stage, you get to be in front to see your favorite band. It ain't rocket science, but it all adds up. 

Venues that respect and love music as much as the Middle East are few and far between, and they often end up bought out or forced under (anyone remember the Wetlands in NYC?) We're glad to have you back M.E.

ZuZu is the newest of the M.E. ventures, and it's a pretty good time for a bar with a dancefloor vibe. It's usually free, and has a couple of cool recurring nights. Definitely worth checking out as you wander through Central Square. Not a place for the claustrophobic.

The food in the Corner is average to good, in my opinion, but I rarely eat there. Crowded, loud and somewhat overpriced.