This place used to be one of my favorites around UCLA.  i decided to stop by out of nostalgia.  i remember my friends and i used to stack up our bowls really high that the cooks would laugh at our tower of noodles.  

tip: make sure you take an extra napkin or two and smash down the frozen meat because they shrink when they are cooked.
Love this place for lunch! The price for lunch is reasonable and if you carry out you get two bowls to put in a container, which easily lasts you two meals.
If you can, avoid this place on College Night.  It seems like all the students from local schools swarm this place and the lines are ridiculous.  I've been to a "Mongolian BBQ" restaurant before so I'm familiar with the concept.  I think the management of this place could've spent more time on logistics though.  Lines just kind of form out of nowhere.  I was also amazed that I received my dish, since there didn't seem to be any method to the madness.  The service is slow, but like I said, I visited on College Night when they were slammed.  The food is alright.  (I guess part of that depends on what you create.)
This certainly wasn't the worse meal I've had. The ingredients were generally a grade below what I was expecting; hamburger than looked like 70/30, chicken that looked pale.

The concept, as I read it, seemed fairly cool; pick out your ingredients, and get them grilled in your own sauce. However, where it falls flat is the quality.

The sauces, and I tried several prior to selecting one, were bland. They weren't offensive, but they certainly weren't setting the taste buds afire. 

Salad is available in either what appears to be a leafy green or a Caesar. I ate about half of my Caeser, feeling as if the preperation of the dressing was less than stellar; Caeser dressing certainly has its risks, given the ingredients.

Perhaps it is because I am simply squeamish, but putting raw meat out where all of your patrons can feel them, touch them, sneeze on them, and who knows what just seems like a bad idea. Is this cross-contamination waiting to happen? That certainly seems like a possibility as people pile different meat types, including options for seafood, chicken, and beef into a single bowl with veggies, pasta if desired, etc. There is a risk of a lot of band things in raw meat that get flushed out during cooking, but just like you don't use the same spoon at home, why should I use the same bowl here.

As my server took me around, explaining the concept, the prevelant thing he kept saying was, "just like you would do at home." If I wanted it just like home, I'd eat at home. Sell me on what stands out to your eatery; unfortunately, I don't know if that is possible. I certain use better ingredients at home than Fire & Ice does.

One of the things that was brought out was rice & tortillas. Seems like a good idea. The rice was mushy, as if the consistency of rice pudding pending, and the tortillas tasted pre-made from a bag and were stuck together and hard to separate without tearing them.

It is a good concept, but there are certainly some areas to tweak, such as process with raw meat, and spicing up the overly bland sauces, before this would be a lock with a discriminating taster.
I don't get the place.  Why is this supposed to be good?  I thought it was a horrible place and the food was not great.  The atmosphere is dreadful. The drinks were expensive and the service lacking. Why? Why? Why? I just don't get it. Maybe I'm some sort of ludite but I just don't see the point of walking around and selection food like this.
This place was my college version of Chang's.  I lvoed it.  The food is very good and the service is great.

It would be a five star but the feel of the place changed when the original peopel who ran it left.  No it's not the amount of bowls or the second trip I care about.  It's the loss of my 'regular' status.  The original owners would always welcome me back and give me an extra smile (and the one younger cook would always check out my wife)

When the new owners came the place lost that little bit of extra friendliness adn the place has never seemed the same.

The food is still excellent though.
I always loved the mongolian noodle place at the mall food courts and so I knew I would like this place. 

Before I came, I knew from friends and reviews that a) their portions are huge and b) their sesame bread is so good haha

The combo is a really good deal. You make your own noodle bowl and then it comes with a drink, soup, and the sesame bread. I piled on all the meats and veggies and then the worker came and gave a GENEROUS portion of noodles on top. 

It tasted just like I expected and it was very satisfying. The bread was good especially because it had just been baked. The soup was something like a vegetable soup which was ok. This isn't one of my fav places where I'll want to keep coming back, but if I have a craving for these mongolian noodles I'll probs be back!
eat here is always about competition....competing on who stack higher.  it is fun, and especially that is what everyone expected here, so no worries on what other would think.
yuck. there is a reason people pay to have restaurants cook for you. if i wanted to choose my own ingredients, i would stay home. and if i wanted to get salmonella...well maybe Id go to Fire and Ice. 

Im sorry, I know this is supposed to be part of the fun of it, maybe im a stick in the mud, but the prices were way too high, the food is grotesque, and the process of getting your meal prepared and cooked is not fun (can you say stress).

*mmm nondescript red and/or white sauce on vegetables and overcooked noodles with meat thats been handled by other patrons....
I use to come here quite often, when I was in school.  You get quite a bit of food for the amount you pay.  Plus they give you a bowl of rice, that bread thingy, and also a soup.  There are a lot of secrets to eating here.  First off what you have to do, is to take another bowl and pack in as much meat as you can.  Repeat this process at least 3 times, to maximize your space.  I have been yelled at before from the owners to do such a thing.  But I paid for this bowl so I'm going to use as much of it as I can.  Second, pile on as much stuff as you can until your bowl overflows with ingredients.  You have to take advantage of all the space you can, because you only get one shot to make the most out of your meal.  Make sure you ask them for spicy and lots of garlic, thats the way to go.  Its a little bit dark in there and also a little bit dirty.  But when its cheap and tasty food, who cares right?
This place could be so much better with so little effort...  Like all Mongolian BBQs this place has fresh meat and veggies and sauce that you apply on your own.  The ingredients generally are full and fresh...  My only complaints about the ingredients are that the meat is often frozen together and cilantro only makes an appearance about 50% of the time.

In large part, my gripe with this place is with the cooks...they have NO pride in their work, I think they enjoy cleaning off the grill far more than actually cooking.  That's a good thing because they clean the grill after just about every customer.  The reason they clean the grill after every customer is that their typical method of cooking is just flattening out the veggies and noodles into a pancake and letting it sit for a few minutes.  Yes, this does cook the food, but it also burns the crap out of it on side, leaving a big pile of burnt on noodles they need to clean off.  If they turned the grillables just a few times they would be evenly cooked and taste oh so much better.   Also if things were in more of a pile, then maybe the sauces I just painstakingly applied to my food would actually adhere to the food instead of evaporating off instantly.

All that said...I still come here every few weeks...Papa loves Mongolian barbecue and this place is walking distance from the office.
Consider me unimpressed with HuHot. 

We waited a couple of months after opening to visit because of mixed reviews that seemed to be mostly related to staffing issues. But even with the intentional delay, my overall impression is that HuHot overcharges and under-delivers. 

We went to dinner with some extended family and while they were marginally more satisfied with the experience, the Mongolian-style cooking gimmick wasn't enough to get me past the underwhelming food presentation. 

Somewhere between the frozen meat chips and the chatty cook being completely oblivious to my food allergy notice, I realized that HuHot wasn't for me and wasn't worth the money. (Not to mention having to hunt down a server to refill my drink after 15+ minutes of waiting.) 

Maybe my problem is that I've been to really good stir fry joints (Flat Top Grill, anyone?) and HuHot, even in spite of its slick entryway decor, just doesn't measure up. 

Doubt I'll return.
Yes, I've been to Mongols plenty of times, even though I went to school on the other side of town.  And looking back, I think it was just the draw... nay, the challenge... of creating a tower of food.  I even had a friend who got yelled at for being creative with use usage of the one allotted bowl. The food was better quality back then.  Now... not so much.  

But now I've seen the light... there are so many better Mongolian options with much better ingredients AND all you can eat.  Also better flavors, easier to get to, cleaner, yadda yadda...

Really, I think this should be a one star place, but the 2nd star is for sentimental value.
Someone invited me to a meal here sometime ago. I thought the place rocked. The kinds of meat and all the colorful veggies and don't forget all the different sauces, chili, garlic, ginger etc. that you can have on your meat and veggies... I didn't care much for the prices since I was invited lol... but I remember they were very reasonable.
My low rating is due to some of the rude staff members - I was at this place recently for lunch and the female at the entrance was very stupid and rude. This was surely my last lunch at this place.If I wish to eat at Mongolian Barbeque I will visit a different one - not this for sure
Hands down one of my top places to eat in Westwood. I've had so many fond memories eatin' at this place with my old man for lunch. This place never gets old. Even though it has changed owners......Used to be an Asian dude with long hair........ It's pretty consistent

Location: Next to Lamonica's pizza in Westwood, close to Whole foods too. 

Combo #1 & Combo #2 (#2 comes with a drink & #1 doesn't)

Food:Beef, Lamb, Chicken, Beef, 

Veggies: Mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, etc etc. (EVERYTHING I LOVE)

Noodles: Mmmmmmmmmmmm............... MY FAVORITE. 

Tip: I always leave a buck tip. Never hurts and sometimes they hook you up with extra noodles 

*This place is cash only........ Just to give you the heads up... 


*I think the one thing I like about this place the most is the fond memories I have about coming here with my old man and just eatin' and talkin about everything...... Maybe that is why I like this place so much. :)
How bomb is this place? Let me count the ways. You get to choose your own meats and veggies. You can cram and stack your bowl as much as you want. You can take all of the food to go. I would come here and build a tower of food in my bowl and then have food for 2-3 meals. So delicious!
I regret to inform all of you that I was taken to Fire & Ice on a date, yes... a date a couple of years ago.  I'd never heard much about this place and the guy seemed to be ranting and raving about how awesome it was.  So I said to myself: "self, you like to try new things, so let's do this."  So I did. 

We stopped in on a week night.  The place is huge inside, tons of tables. 

The waitress came over to us and kindly explained how it all works.  We go up to the buffett, take a plate and go from there. 

I like the idea of this place, unfortunately; I wasn't impressed with the food, at all.  It was so bland and not fresh.  The buffett stations were messy and the items looked like they'd been sitting out for hours on end.  

I will never, ever, never go back to this place.  Not only because the food was horrendous, but the date was bad too.
I had been craving mongolian bbq - don't ask me why - for a while, and decided to brave the Avenue to try this place. Maybe this style of food is really a thing of the 80s, and should be remembered fondly, because my visit to this place rather turned me off to the idea. 

The variety of meats was not great and I was a little nervous about the freshness. I poured on the cooking oils/sauces, having prepared myself by reading other Yelp reviews warning of dryness, and it was still rather flavorless. 

But, I'll give it 2 stars instead of one because the post-cooking dipping sauces were decent, and I did after all eat too much so it must have tasted pretty good at the time. It was too expensive though ($26 for two adults and a kid), for what it is, could be cleaner, and yummier, and just better in a lot of ways.

All in all, if this is the best mongolian grill in town, then I think I'll try harder to crave other things. Hmm.
I just went back here recently, and my favorite improvement they've made is that they turned the music down. It used to be so loud you couldn't talk to the person sitting next to you.

Sometimes the seafood looks a bit suspect, but it's a pretty fun novelty place. I tend to stick with only a few of the sauces and spices because the other stuff they suggest sounds kinda gross.

Don't go here and waste your time with the soups, the salad, or the pastas. Stick to the meats, veggies, and go nuts with the flavors.
I don't think I'm a good snob but others do.  With that said, I would rather eat a fish filet at McDonalds than eat here.  If you're on a low budget and need a lot of food to throw down, then this is your place.  But honestly, I would rather spend 8 bucks somewhere else.  Will never go back, NEVER.  

The restaurant is filthy, which made the food taste even worse.
Okay. Compare this to Genghis Khan at nearly any mall and see if my reasoning makes sense. 

Food: The meal is about 9 bucks. The type of items you can get are pretty much the same as you'd get at a mall Genghis Khan. The bowls are about the same size and the amount of food you get is dependent on your stacking abilities (I agree with Dan V. for the stacking strategy, although I've had more success using long broccoli stems than meat. The broccoli crowns buffer the food more and corral your food in the bowl more effectively. I've found that the meat tends to flip over if you overstuff). After it's cooked and you've applied generous heaps of seasame seed and oil, it tastes less flavorful than Ghenghis Khan (avg. price 7 bucks). Check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=j7UvI84w0RaPkhzTOhqFrw. 

Atmosphere: Grungy looking and hell no would I eat in there. I've always gotten my meal to go. The veggies are always kind of mixed up. 

Service: I couldn't understand the server when I ordered once and he was super nice and apologetic. It made me feel bad :'(

Synopsis: Genghis pwns Mongols
I think I was spoiled by Mongol's in Westwood, because I've tried two other Mongolian places in the past few months and they only served to leave me longing for that old haunt of mine.

I took a group of co-workers to this place after reading a few reviews here on Yelp. I am shocked to say that I was hoodwinked!

First of all, calling this place dingy is to be overly kind. It needs a good scrubbing, stat. Secondly, we arrived around 12:15 p.m. and the place was out of almost EVERYTHING - there was barely any meat left and there were scant amounts of a few vegetables. We had to wait for more meat to be brought out from the back, but we had to make do with the limited veggies. I was sad because I had no broccoli...until I learned they had no sesame buns. I nearly wept.

They also have signs with weight limits on how much food you can put in your bowl, which I think is quite lame, especially because they don't have any way to weigh it. What do they do, eyeball your bowl and then call you back to the cash register? Bah!

The meal comes with a side of white rice, which for me is neither good nor bad, just different. There is one more place in Pasadena (http://www.yelp.com/biz/WWkWgBUvvQCZaGZuIv5u7w#hrid:1smb6M8qdnN4Nu70IaBs-A/query:mongolian) that I need to try before abandoning all hope for good Mongolian near me. Fellow Yelpers and lovers of Mongolian food, please do not lead me astray again!
I have been coming to this place for years. it's amazing. It's super affordable and if you are a pro at packing your bowl (in the non-drug way) you can get 2-3 meals out of it. The key is to use the bottom of your soda glass to condense thing in the bowl. And remember, it will shrink when they cook it. They have lots of protein and vegetable options. The noodles are yummy. The service is fast. And it always tastes good. Yum.
the last mongolian bbq place in seattle, this place gets 5 stars by default.  that said, it is actually quite good.  remember the 90s when there were millions of these places?
I took a friend here the other day and he was laughing at me while I packed my meat down. Called me a cheap asain. That was until he saw the guy behind me with his own technique: place meat in bowl, crush down to make a "meat plate", remove meat plate and repeat to make a another meat plate. Pile one meat plate on top of the other with no balancing act required. Ah, the pure genius that could only be the product of a UCLA education.

Decent food for a good price considering the quantity you can pile on. Wish they gave more noodles though but then again, the noodles probably couldn't balance on top. Was disappointed that they didn't let me add my own stuff. FYI: spicy is not spicy and garlic does really taste like garlic. Ask for more if you're into that stuff. Other than that, let the grill man do his job.

One thing I didn't appreciate: I ended up getting extra noodles (hey, i  wanted extra leftovers for the next night!) so the guy got my extra order of noodles while I ran to get an extra togo box. This was a take out order so there were two boxes sitting on the rail waiting for my food to be delivered. The guy on the grill ends up dumping all my food into one of the boxes and just leaving it there when it clearly would not close in one box. Uh...there are two boxes there? I mean it wasn't a huge deal for me to transfer over the contents but it was kinda messy and probably would not have costed him more than a second. Not superb customer service.
As a frequent visitor to UCLA in the last decade and being a Mongolian BBQ fanatic, I had the best strategy for this place:

First take the frozen meat that you desire to eat and line the outside of your bowl with it radially.  Then take another bowl and mash it down into your current bowl of meat, essentially extending the rim of your bowl out another few inches.  Then fill the bowl with veggies and more meat.  Seriously, you can fit another pound in there easy.

Granted I haven't been back since 97, but hey it still has to work!
Definitely come here for more quantity than quality.

Stopped by on the way back from SoCal and filled up on noodles, meat, and veggies. It was my first time at Mongolian BBQ, and I was given a lot of tips from the more experienced members in our party to really pack down the food to get the most bang for your buck. The servers loaded on the noodles after selecting meat and veggies and went to it. The final product sort of looked like chow mein on steroids, and tasted decent. After nomming the whole plate down, the soup, and little biscuits (looked like Bisquick with sesame), I was quite full.

Satisfying yes. Tasty - it's ok.
Eh, standard Mongolian BBQ.

Would be 4 stars if the quality of the ingredients were fresher (vs. mushy noodles and chewy meat).

I know Westwood is lacking in the good food department, but there's MUCH more interesting/delicious places to go if you're visiting here.
I can't even rate this restaurant as we didn't stay beyond ordering drinks...of which they didn't have most of the beers listed on the menu actually in and several of the wines as well. The "marketplace" where you choose your meats and veg was horrible. There was raw chicken dropped in the mussels and other meats were mixed in as well. The veggies were the same and the lettuce was terribly wilted. We took one look at the food and couldn't imagine eating it! I should also mention that the floor was so gross my shoes stuck to it as I walked. Save your money and your health...don't go here!
This was not bad at all. The food was really good, and it was really clean. I was actually VERY impressed by the bathroom-I went in there bracing myself, and was shocked when I saw how clean it was. I'm just taking off one star because the person who was helping me seemed kinddddd of socially awkward.
Overall great experience :)
OMG, I used to love eating here...what happened to Flame Bay though!? It was replaced by a pizza joint...

You create your own bowl by packing it with veggies, meats, and other 'toppings.' A staff member helps you stir fry it. You pick the sauces as well. They're really good about the quantity, which is on par with the yummy-ness. 

Bummer that it closed!
this was my first Mongolian BBQ place. I like it 
you can just mix every thing, beef, chick, veggie and enjoy. some reviews said that it is not as good as other Mongolians, so since this my first one I have to try others to judge it. but my first impression about it is that it is good over all and it is also cheap :)
enjoy it
Really bad service! Waited 30 minutes just for another drink, meaning my cup was empty for over 30 minutes. I've never been a waiter or anything, but I'm guessing rule #1 is something like make sure cups always are half way full. Good place to have a get together as long as it's not on a busy night, but honestly I will go elsewhere than this place.
Expensive and greasy but it tastes pretty good and props for having lamb (a lot of places I've been to cheaped out and stopped serving lamb). Also the meat here is tighter rolled so basically you can get more meat here than most places

Oh yeah I used my packing skill... I take the rolled (or flat if you can find it) meat, and stand it up around the edges till it looks like a flower and put little bits of chicken in the center. Then you put the loose stuff in the middle (stuff with small chunks like mushrooms, onion pineapple or broccoli which fall off easy)... then you end with less chunky stuff like cabbage, carrot and cilantro... I usually put the cilantro on top because it sort of "holds" everything in when they put the noodles on top. Indeed the dish I got had WAY more than I can usually get at other Mongolian places and that was a plus.
Not a fan of these kinds of places. I would rather have someone bring me my food from the kitchen then have to put it together and then stand there and watch someone cook it.
Love the style of the restaurant. Always eat to much, but everything is usually very good. If you have an allergy let them know and they will cook on a separate grill in the back.
If you never been, its a hibachi style restaurant, but you bring it to a central location.
Try a burger they are huge but very good.
Lunch is much cheaper and different experience. You leave you food and can sit down. Your server will bring it to you. During slow nights I have seen them do the same thing.
Dinner has a little more selection as well. But cost more. 
The Guinness tap taste like the lines need to be cleaned. Not good at all, weird bitter taste. Tried it twice that will be all.
This place is not as good a deal as some other neighboring eateries.  It panders more to those that want to spend time smashing down their meats.

Unfortunately, I think this place suffers from the few that take advantage of the system and take more meat than they really should.  I don't think this place was meant for you to stand there for 5 minutes creating layers of meat.  So to compensate, they have higher prices.  Why don't they try to keep their costs down and request people not do that?  Or just not give people napkins so they can act like they're working a stone grinder.  I would hate the falafel place to raise their prices because people stuff their pitas and go back for second rounds.

For almost $10 I got a plate of salty noodles, a few pieces of low quality frozen meat, some veggies, a bowl of soup, a scoop of rice, and hole in the wall service.  For that much, I should expect leftovers.  BTW, why would you offer a combo that gives you noodles and rice together?

And the sanitation?  The tongs sit in the tubs of meat that hundreds of people have handled earlier.  Some of the tongs of the veggies also sit inside the tub of liquid.  The guy who seasons your veggies does not wear gloves.  Your noodles sit on the rail for anyone to walk by and touch.  Anything spilling over your bowl is touching the rail which has been cleaned since who knows when.
Honestly, am I really surprised to see quantity over quality on the Ave anymore? I don't think you can find any restaurant in Seattle that offers a higher ratio. This is probably the perfect place to visit if you're just looking for a ton of food but don't care about how good the food actually is. It's like a buffet, except everything is uncooked. I guess you technically could eat the food raw, but I would advise against it! But you do walk along a line and choose what you want and how much of it, in a similar manner to a buffet. You get to have as much as you can cram into one bowl without the stuff falling over, and if you can fit what you want in there well enough, you definitely have more than enough food for one meal for less than ten dollars. I'm not going to go over bowl-stuffing strategies, since everybody else has already covered them pretty well.

One of the reviews here mentioned starting at the very end, filling the bottom of the bowl with sauces before anything else so that the final product doesn't end up too dry. Just for fun, I decided to sample a little bit of all 15 or 16 of them. Little did I know that it wouldn't make any difference to the taste in the long run. And then the meats came next; I think I saw beef, pork, chicken, and cod. I got some of each, although it really looked unappetizing and was even possibly unclean. I don't quite feel comfortable with strangers touching raw meat with their bare hands. It's a food-borne illness waiting to happen. The vegetables weren't very exciting, either. Peas, carrots, baby corn, bean sprouts, tomatoes, none of it makes you think of food that's just bursting with flavor. For a quasi-buffet, the variety is terribly limited and most of it is just filler stuff.

The bowl is very big and gets quite heavy when full. When you're done choosing, you hand it over to one of the cooks who will toss all the contents onto a giant grill and cook it for you while you get to watch. The whole display is less than spectacular; he doesn't do much and basically just moves the food around and adds oil occasionally. It's quite a boring show compared to Thai Tom, but at least the whole thing is super fast and takes only three or four minutes. Then the food gets placed on a giant wider plate. Don't worry; it will all fit, even if you think you put too much in the first bowl. The problem, though, is that the food becomes more spread out this way, so it will cool down very quickly. The food also doesn't get cooked for very long in the first place, so it's a race to finish it all before it's no longer hot. And I've never liked being rushed to finish eating my food.

I'm not sure why, but the food is surprisingly tasteless. It's about as tasteless as you can imagine a bunch of meats cooked in oils being. I saw it all right there in front of my eyes, and not much was added or taken out, so it's not like I was missing anything important. I also thought I got a little bit of each sauce, plus whatever oil it was that the cook squeezed onto the food. It really shouldn't be so bland, but it somehow was! I had to empty half the bottle of soy sauce on the table in order for there to be any significant flavor to the meal. I wonder what went wrong. I also thought I got a little bit of every meat, vegetable, and sauce except some of the cheap fillers. So why did it feel like I was eating the same thing over and over again? They all tasted the same--that is--like nothing. I also feel that they probably didn't cook this food carefully enough. I developed a stomachache after eating here and it was most likely due to their food not being clean enough.

On the plus side, the folks here are kind enough to let you keep whatever you don't finish in a box (like they would want to have anything to do with your leftovers). They also let you get a second bowl for three dollars, so I suppose you technically could spend $13 on two bowls. If you are skilled enough at getting that food in there, one bowl can last for two or more meals. Double that, and that's a lot of food for thirteen dollars. The problem is that the food just isn't very good after being cooked the first time; I can't imagine a reheating of it would be much better. My guess probably isn't too far off because this place was pretty empty when I was there; you'd think that an abundance of food at such a low price in a college setting would inevitably draw lots of customers. But I'm not too puzzled by why more people don't come to this place. What really baffles me is that Mongolia is a cold, landlocked, desert country, so do they really have cod and pineapple there?
I review this place with the tender loving kindness required by a true Mongolian BBQ enthusiast. Oh sure, fancy pants, you can have your preppy Gyu-Kakus and celebratory champagne baths at Manna, but what about those of us who would rather simply *organize* our food and then see it cooked by a professional? Korean BBQ is so much more work. Just hand it over; you assemble, Mongolian places cook. Easy peasy. 

Mongols is very no-frills, automatic sliding doors with fountain sodas, but the meat at the end of the night was icy and fragmented--words I tend not to use when describing proteins--and the choice of sauces and flavors was nil.  "Mild," "medium," and "spicy" are your only taste options here ... and I'm betting there's not much variation among even those.

To be fair, the serving of noodles goes far beyond any decent American portion, and finds a perfect home in collegiate Westwood; I prefer to be frugal with my take-home leftovers as well.

I guess it's just that, well, at the end of the night--after gorging myself on the gigantic heap of noodles and seemingly insignificant blips of broccoli and carrots--a homeless man approached me for some change. I had no cash on me, but he asked about my conspicuously warm styrofoam container and I couldn't justify keeping such a large portion to myself.  After giving it to him, and having to endure a strange and colorful conversation about how my male friend and I should have kids and go to Las Vegas to buy a farm, he had some sort of a mild psychotic episode about twenty feet away and dropped both containers of food--my friend had "donated" too--all over the street.  It was then, seeing orange Mongols noodles splayed over the cold concrete, that I had a realization.

"Eh.  Those noodles weren't all that great anyway."
BD is like Chow Baby in Atlanta.

BUT. BD mongolian bbq lacks the service and the food ingredients quality.

ENOUGH SAID. 

BD is MEDIOCRE. Go save your money and head down somewhere else. I would give it a 1 and a half star if the beer is not cheap.


Save the grace of your money and head down to another local joint.
This spin-off from Tiki Hut doesn't live up to its predacessor, Tiki Hut. This is basically your Mongolian style stir-fry where you pick your own noodles, meats, vegetables, and sauce from the food bar and you give it to the cook who stir-frys it on a gigantic griddle. I never did get why people even liked this concept. Even if you got through the food bar without creating your own culinary mess, you go to the grill where everything is cooked all at once. Undoubtedly the vegetables become over cooked and it just comes out looking like a stir-fried mess. If you want a choice, go home and cook.
I see this as a knock-off version of Mongolian BBQ, and nothing is ever as good as the real thing.  I came here for lunch one day during my trip with two colleagues from the conference.  We were seated immediately and the waitress explained how the process worked.  Basically, we were to fill a bowl with any of the available ingredients (veggies, meats, seafood, etc) and any combination of sauces.  Then, everything would be cooked together on a giant griddle in the middle of the restaurant.

It's an interesting concept, but there are a lot of pitfalls.  There were too many different ingredients and sauces that unless you follow one of the recipes on the boards located all over the restaurant, it's very likely that you can concoct something really nasty.  Also, the seafood and meats were pretty low quality.  Plus they only had one person cooking, so it took FOREVER to get the food warmed up.  We only had time to get one bowl each, but that was enough for us to realize that we made a bad lunch choice.
Meh. Kind of do-it-yourself fast food. It's cool that you can mix and match your own ingredients to personalize your Asian stir fried meal, but at the same time it's not so cool that you have to do the work yourself. 

Simply pile up a bunch of stuff in a large bowl, add your own oils and spices, and pass to the Mexican guy at the large wok where he will proceed to fry up your food.

Huge portions. Lots to take home in a takeaway back and more to eat later for at least two more meals. Ideal for the broke ass college student on the Ave.
So, in comparison to Great Khan's, Mongols is no comparison. 

I mean, they essentially have the same ingredients -- meat, veggies, noodles, sauces -- but the quality/taste isn't the same. This place doesn't carry Sriracha! That alone demotes them to 3 stars. 

And another thing, I passed by the kitchen to go to the bathroom and their kitchen was a mess! I don't know what kind of letter rating they have hanging in the restaurant, but I was really surprised at how nasty it was back there. They left the door open for all to see...and it wasn't a pretty sight.

Anyway, for what it's worth, if you're in the mood for Mongolian BBQ, Mongols gets the job done...more or less. And this might be TMI for some people, but they need to add to their menu that you not only pay for the food, but for the runs around 30 minutes later. I'm sorry, but I guarantee that what I ate from this place gave me the runs last night! So eat with caution! ;)
Even though our group had reservations, we had to wait 30 minutes for our table. The food bar wasn't spread out enough so people were always bunched up. The grill people had zero personality. Unless you eat a ton, it's not worth the money.
I am not a fan of this restaurant at all.

The staff was nice and friendly, though the cooks on the line need to lay off the spatula spectacles. I don't mind the flipping and tossing, but grating two pieces of metal together does not make the most enjoyable sound.

The food is mediocre at best. You go through a buffet line filled with raw vegetables and frozen meats in an attempt to fill a smaller than adequate bowl with what may be a decent combination of ingredients. The sauce station has many options, but is difficult to use. Then you get to stand and wait for your food to cook for about 10 minutes on average, so if you enjoy this experience then more power to you. You have to travel through the line at least 2 or maybe 3 three times to have a complete meal, so it adds up.

I have found that the quality of my food is entirely dependent on my ability to mix the ingredients and sauces. I really don't want to spend 30 minutes standing in a line before I can somehow end up with a decent plate of food. Their default recipes are palatable but by no means are they worth the price. Oh, but never get broccoli if you don't enjoy eating it raw; it does not get cooked on the flat top grill. 

Honestly, if the price was lower to compensate for the low quality food, the amount of work I as the customer have to do to prepare my own dish, and the annoyance of small portions plus long waiting times, then maybe I would approve of this restaurant.

After two attempts to give HuHot a chance, I will not be returning.
Good food, great prices.

If you're familiar with any other Mongolian BBQ type restaurants, then you know what to expect.  Grab a bowl, pile it high with meat and veggies, and hand it over to be cooked on the hot grill.

It has a somewhat limited selection of ingredients compared to some other Mongolian BBQ places, but this continues to be my favorite because everything is very good and they don't overwhelm you with choices.

This place hasn't changed in years.  The menu is at least 20 years old, and the decor looks to be at least 30 years old.  The prices have barely changed in the last 10 years.  But if it ain't broken, why fix it?
I just don't know about this place...I don't get it.

Yeah its nice to make your own food, it fits a small niche, I'll give them that.

But the quality of food and the time alone it takes to go from entering the restaurant to actually having food on your plate is ridiculous...!

Horrible staff (I think they already know they are going to get a crappy tip because it is buffet style eating).  

Just avoid this place...
If you prepare yourself for all-you-can-eat and treat it like a Brazilian steakhouse where you plan on a multiple hour meal, gorging yourself, then you will definitely feel you've gotten your money's worth. The food is high quality. A++ in my book!
Mongols is the epitome of quantity versus quality.

The noodles and drink cost about $8 and you'll definitely have leftovers, but the quality taste is just lacking. If you order spicy, mild, bbq sauce or whatever else, it all tastes the same (tasteless).

The menu is straightforward: vegetarian ($6) or meat ($8). You then go through a cafeteria line and pick what items you want in your bowl. (Tip: make sure you crush the meat in the bowl to hug the bowl so that you can save space to fill in the vegetables inside.) At this point, the employee cooks your noodles; it's cool watching the cook in action and the entire process from ordering to eating takes about 5 minutes. If it's busy, then about 10 minutes.

Overall, the taste is average (mall noodles are just as good) and the unisex restroom and tables are generally dirty.
This place makes the Olive Garden look like 5-star gourmet. Everything comes out mushy and the sauces are gross. As mentioned before, the bowls of raw meats seem kind of sketch. I tried to stick to vegetables, but they didn't really have veggies that "match". Baby corn, zucchini and bell peppers? I didn't know that you could just do meat & veggies and then ask for rice or tortillas (for fajitas). That sounds a tiny bit better than cooking food with noodles, which get mushy on the grill.  
And the food is cooked in groups of people. If you and your party don't get all of your food together at the same time and get cooked in the same group, then everyone at the table is going to be coming & going and eating at different times. I guess that's good for families who don't like each other.

And sure, technically it's all-you-can-eat, but you'd have to spend 2 hours here just to eat two plates.
this place is really good. had it during some good ncaa bball. the only downside is you can't really make your own meal- u have to get one of the  pre-arranged meals which kinda sucks if u don't eat pork. also the beef is way tastier than the other meats so pack it down and pile it high!!
The best part about this place is the fact that it can accomodate groups and that I have had some great times here with great friends. 

If you're looking for good food with flavour, skip this place. It is way overpriced. They are closing in on $20 for the all-you-can-eat stir fry. It lacks flavour, despite the fact that they offer a large selection of sauces to season your dish. 

The patio here is nice and the beer is pretty cheap. It certainly caters to the university crowd. I`ll likely be back, against my better judgement, only for great times with friends though, and I just might skip the food.
I don't have many talents, but the one talent I do possess and take great pride in is packing that bowl so full of meat and veggies that the finished product can't even fit in one take out box.  

It's around 10 dollars for the combo that includes a drink, which may seem like a lot for a college lunch spot.  However if you pack the bowl right it is guaranteed to feed you for at least two meals.  The end result is an orgasmic steaming pile of noodles saturated in garlic, meat, and the most important ingredient - your love.  However I admit it isn't easy on the stomach, so I only come here around once per month.  

Remember the end result is proportional to the effort you take in filling and packing your bowl, so if you are patient the reward will be great.  And oh yeah, make sure to bring cash because they don't accept debit/credit card.
Two words... "New" and "Management".

It was a mediocre (3/5 yelps!) place before the management change, now it is definitely a 1/5 place. I went there for linner today and was very disappointed. The person at the cash register told me to dish up before I paid, which I thought was odd because I've always paid before hand. While dishing up, I realized that a lot of the food there was either too warm or needed to be resupplied. Normally I would dismiss this, but place was empty and the employees were just sitting around.

After getting my food cooked, I went to the cash register and was shock to see that they increased their prices by about $1-2. I used to be able to get a decent bowl of noodles and rice for about $6, not today though. Now I know why they told me to dish up first and why the place was empty.

And FYI this is my first review....yes it was such a bad experience that I decided to sign up for Yelp and tell you guys about it. I would recommend going some place else for sure. :/
This is an amazing establishment to have in a college neighborhood. It's $9 for a bowl. And you can add as much food to said bowl as you want. It does take a certain level of strategy to do that though. I have to say, it doesn't look super appetizing right off the bat (thin slices of frozen uncooked chicken & beef) but the veggies are fresh, and there is such a wide variety of sauces to personalize your dish. I usually end up with leftovers for several days!
Dizzying array of foods and sauces, mostly fresh looking when I've been by. Due to allergies I've never had my food cooked on the big Mongolian grill. After I assemble my big bowl of ingredients I give it to one of the staff, and it gets taken to the back kitchen where they stir-fry in a clean wok. Maybe this is why I've never had a meal that was dried out or burned - every time it's been well cooked. I do sort of miss the "wow factor" of seeing my food cooked (the Canton location remedies this by having an allergy counter near the grill where you can see your dish cooked in a wok) but breathing is generally more important. Every time I go I'm highly amused by the fact that they've opened a BD's in Ulan Bator. Waits can be long on weekend evenings.
If you've never had Mongolian BBQ - go immediately.  You basically get a bowl, fill it up cafeteria style with a bunch of uncooked meat (chicken/beef/pork/shrimp), your choice of veggies, and sauces - and then thick noodles are added and it's all thrown on a giant grill and grilled for about 5 minutes.

If you like Mongolian BBQ, Mongol's is a great affordable place to go.  The people who own it are very nice, and the quality of the food is pretty good for a fast food restaurant, and honestly, Mongolian barbecue in general is pretty delicious and Mongl's does not get it wrong.

The reason I'm giving it four stars is because the portions are AMAZING! Most places have strict signs about not packing down the meat in the bowl, and Mongol's has big signs that say "eat as much as you can pack" - I've seen people get super creative about placing as much food as they can, with zero dirty looks from the staff.

Parking kind of sucks but I'll usually park at Whole Foods, duck in and buy a quick candy bar (OR risk it, since you don't have to get validated).  Totally worth it!!
It's a staple in a college town.  You get lots of food for eight bucks and change.  Get combo #1 for sure.  The food is satisfying, but nothing special.  There are definitely better Mongolian BBQ places... I was man enough to finish the entire plate in one sitting.  It could easily have been two meals if I were less hungry at the time.

Overall, the restaurant is pretty dirty.  It gives off an air of sketchiness.  There's also a loud TV and no ambiance.
Price-wise, this place is a great deal for someone trying to make nine dollars go a looooong way.

Unfortunately, it takes a little bit of special art and carefulness to make the experience worthwhile. The meat quality is poor and it's difficult to get your real money's worth without making a mess of things! I highly recommend anyone who eats here to make sure they stay away from the pork. It doesn't cook well end just ends up becoming stringy. 

The upside, though, is how much food you can get, and you can take as much rice as you want, as well as sauce. I recommend the Mongolian sauce. It's not great, but it tends to blend with the choices of food well.
This place has been my favorite Fire and Ice out of all of them. The waiter we had was AMAZING i mean he got 20% because of how great he is. The cooks all worked great together. The food was good and they had everything I like there.
Fine, but way overpriced if you don't do the unlimited bowl and cram it with meat. I'm a vegetarian and the veggie bowl was almost as expensive as my husband's bowl full of steak and duck - what a ripoff! 

The atmosphere is really confused - "mongolian" characters on the wall and mexican parrots and sombreros ? WTF? The place was full of frat boys trying to outdo each other in piling meat up on their bowls. Reminded me of a college cafeteria, but more expensive. 

The server was a little over chipper, which I'm sure gets her tips but ended up just pissing me off. 

It gets two stars, not one, because it made my husband happy (probably because he got to eat as much meat as he wanted for once).
I go there often. Been through a couple of different owners. The one before this one was the best so far. To bad they are still not the owners. 
Depending on the time the food line could be a mess from people being sloppy and dropping food. Otherwise plenty of fresh frozen food and sauces. They used to have a salad section but that disappeared also. Like adding my own sauces.
It deserves a 3 star for its friendly service. Cant complain about the food cause you create your own!  My only issue was the vegetarian soup  had chicken broth, which means the vegetarians cant eat it( but still need to pay for it). I wish they could keep the noodles and pasta along with veggies and not with meat. I hate to see the meat fallen in the pasta. Every time I go I have to ask them to get a fresh batch from the kitchen, which they gladly do !
I had a great time at Fire & Ice!  This was my first time there and the food was great and the atmosphere was very entertaining. It was a perfect date!  This is the type of restaurant that is what you make it and there are so many food options that everyone can be happy.
If you have no clue how to make stir fry then this place is your stomach's worst enemy. I thought it was going to be easy prepping my food but I ended up munching off of someone else's plate. I would have appreciated this restaurant a lot more if I knew how much sauce to put in my bowl. I came here with a group of friends. The line at Thai Tom was outside the door so we decided to come here. I picked my veggies, soft noodles, raw meat and sauce. Then I took my bowl to the guy that does the cookin'. It's not as fun as watching those Benihana guys though. After he was finished he put my cooked food back in my bowl and gave it back to me. I had one bite. After that one bite, I knew my meal wasn't going to be a happy one. My creation was bland. 
It was a good experience but I think I like my food prepared by someone else when I go out to eat.
Great food what more can you ask for..well worth it
I'd come here more often if I weren't so lazy. Hint: Pack as much food as possible on that bowl! But if eating the whole thing alone not a possibility just share with someone. They say, "no sharing" but I don't think they really enforce it. I think a plate is like $8 bucks...not bad for how much you get. And it's never crowded so I like that.
I love coming here to Mongols, but what I really love is watching the tactics that other patrons use to get the most out of their bowl space.  I can tell you that after a quick dinner at Mongols, you will know the art of mongolian bbq bowl stuffing.

I've seen the same people working here since 5 or 6 years ago (and probably even more), and they really do want you to enjoy your meal.  Their selection of veggies and meats will please a wide variety of people, and they always keep it well-stocked.  Plus, some places I've been to will NOT let you ask for more noodles, but whenever I'm here the noodle man or woman doesn't mind putting a precarious amount of noodles on my bowl.  Nobody wants a stingy noodle man!
I crave this place.
Tooo bad I don't go to PCC anymore
Made my way to this hole in the wall, and let me tell you it was great!
Mounds and mounds of fresh veggies and noodles all for 8 bucks!!!!!
Can't wait to go back.
my only advice: don't stand behind me in line; you'll want to stab me. tip the cooks a buck or two; they'll let your gluttony slide (should you choose to follow my guidance).

HOW TO EAT MONGOLS:
-take the frozen meat and flatten it along the sides of the bowl, completely lining the bowl.
-fill your new meat bowl with more meat, pressing it down as best you can.
-turn around and glance at how many people are glaring at you in spite.
-pack the bowl down, leaving a little less than an inch from the top of the bowl.
-take pieces of meat and drape them over the rim of the bowl.
-pile on the veggies.
-pile on the noodles as high as you can without them toppling.

you'll have food for at least 2-3 meals. seriously. might be the best 8 bucks you can spend in this town.

NOTE: while writing this review, i had an epiphany of sort and drove right to westwood before i could even post. that being said, i just finished eating; i stand by all prior statements. and now i have lunch for the office tomorrow!
I don't understand the people that say this is overpriced, and simultaneously complain about the limited vegetable selection and bland taste. Where else can you buy a large plate of veggies and meat, seasoned just the way you like, with tortillas and rice for 10 bucks? You could probably make 2 meals out of the amount of food. Here's a tip for those claiming that everything tastes the same - stay away from all the sauces. Yes, every one. Learn which spices are good compliments for your food choices. A little home cooking knowledge (I'm talking about cooking from raw ingredients) goes a long way here. I thought this place was a great value for the amount of healthy food you can get.
This place does it right.  Keep it simple.  Just give them one thing, Mongolian BBQ.  I'm impressed with the wide variety of meats and vegetables.  It always tastes good and strangely always tastes the same.  Prices are very good and service is quick.  Never too crowded either.  Its not the best Mongolian BBQ I've had but for what you pay for I would say its pretty darn good.  Also incredibly generous portions.

One drawback.  Westwood parking.  we all hate it.
I really like this place.  First off, its a whole lot of food for a very reasonable price.  Second, it's absolutely delicious.

It's already been said before, but the way it works is you pay, then you go down a conveyor line choosing exactly what kinds of meat and veggies you want.  It's all you can fit in a single bowl.  Then, you come to the end and the guy adds on the sauces (either mild, medium or spicy) and the plops on a mountain of noodles (a feat that I wouldn't have believed until I saw it for myself).  It all gets grilled on a giant round grill, and wallah!

Here's why its only four stars.  There is no reason to limit it to all you can stuff in one bowl.  Places just like this in Northern California are all you can eat and do exactly the same thing.  Since most people couldn't eat more than a single plate-full anyway, they probably wouldn't be using up that much more food (as long as they enforce a strict, eat what you get policy).  The problem with making us pack everything into one bowl is that it is somewhat barbaric, and more importantly, not as sanitary.  It would be much better to allow us to place the uncooked meat in own bowl, and the vegetables in another.  But really, watching people try to crush frozen meat with their bare hands isn't exactly the most appetizing sight.
Fire and Ice has to be understood in a historical context if you are to appreciate this establishment. At one point, shortly after the Providence Place Mall was built, this joint exemplified a kind of optimism for the future of RI as an arty mecca. This restaurant, so offbeat and curious, seemed like it was going to be amazing just because it was new and weird. I will probably never stop going back to Fire and Ice, just because of what it is as a cultural landmark, but be forewarned: this place is terrible.

In fact, I don't think there has ever been a time I came here and didn't vomit. The food is not well kept, nor well cooked, and the system for actually getting your sauce-sopped amalgam of noodles and meat is ever changing and borders on the byzantine. Let's be honest; the food here just isn't good. If the meal is enjoyed at all, it is only because of novelty. But, you may enjoy your meal, as I do, every time you eat here. If you even more like me, you will have another chance to savor your meal as you hurriedly evacuate it from your insides into a trash can inside the mall. 

So come ye, to Fire and Ice, if you are a nostalgic RI native with strong intestinal fortitude. If not, you might want to skip it.
I have been coming here for more than 25 years. This place is the best Mongolian BBQ. Great friendly service and even better food.
I don't know quite how recent this was, but they really cleaned this place up!  I too shared Alex A.'s opinions on the moldy-esque decor and creepy fish tank, but neither of those exist here any more.  I decided to give it another shot since I hadn't gone for a while and was pleasantly surprised.  You can easily get at least a meal and a half, depending on how well you pack your bowl (no, not that kind of bowl).  There still is a sign claiming limits on how much meat you're allowed, but I smushed the meat rolls down to maximize my bowl space and no one said anything.  They also give you a little styrofoam box of rice with your meal.
One has to admire the minds behind BD's Mongolian BBQ. Not because of the food's taste, but because they have created a restaurant where  customers pay money for the chance to do the work typically performed by a restaurant's cooks, and any bad tasting meal can be blamed on the customer's ineptitude. This leaves the perplexing glut of employees with tons of free time, hence the dozen or so workers typically seen milling about aimlessly. 

I've never eaten anything terrible here. For some reason, stir-fry + tortillas = Mongolia, so be prepared to eat Chinese tacos. Is dinner at BD's a fun experience? No. It's best to eat dinner around 2pm so you can avoid the rush, as the obnoxiousness of the grill boys is directly proportional to the crowd size. Watching them sing and play with their sticks is excruciating. 

There's something satisfying about eating food you're kind of responsible for, and BD's offers you the opportunity to do so. Seize it.
hands down the best noodle joint in westwood! 
fast & easy dinner for college students.
Place is dirty ... oh and heads up -- they limit the meat to weight .5 lbs or less.  Veggies were not exactly "fresh" and on the "brown" side.  "
After years of walking by, I finally had the experience of Fire & Ice for a friend's birthday bash.

Not much of a wait for a table, considering the place was fairly packed, so no complaints there.

What troubled me about this place was, I'm not a cook. I eat out so that others do my cooking, and bring me my food (more on that later). I make do at home, but I sure can't make a porterhouse to perfection, or a sublimely flavored alfredo.

I understood that this was a Mongolian grill setup, but I just wasn't ready for having NO clue what goes with what. "Is cilantro good with chicken?" "I guess so, try it".

So I chose upon shrimp (empty bowl, line backing up) and chicken (wayyyyyyyyy too much salmonella-laced chicken encrusting the tongs) alfredo, and mixed it up with some teriyaki for a change.

So, the 10 minute cattle line to grab all the fixings done, we head to the corral grill, where you watch your food sit, alongside everyone else's food. That said, it was a thrill to get baby corn in my alfredo. :)

That's another 10 minutes. Did I mention, my beer is getting warm, as I have to stand here watching my food cook? And half my group is on the other side of the grill? And some others are already back at their table? Others still in the raw meat line?

As others have said, it's a logistical nightmare for a group of people.

Back to the waitstaff. Great, personable, happy people. That bring you drinks. Extension of the bartender. So I sit there and wonder, what do I tip? She surely didn't take my order. No need to check if "everything is ok". If my food is cold, it's *my* responsibility to take it back. If it's underdone (thankfully not, as I couldn't tell in the dark conditions. Have to more or less taste it for doneness. That's wonderful with chicken.) She just swings through every now and then to refresh drinks. Which I could go to the bar for anyway. 

I think it's an insult to other servers to give a full 18-20%, as these servers didn't have the full job of *waiting* on me. But, lo and behold, 18% autogratuity, that I can't fight, as I'm part of a group.

Not to mention, the LOOOOONG lines if you want seconds or thirds. So, it was a 2-hour, $30 with tip, substandard, mostly tasteless meal, that only I have responsibility for. My recommendation, go to Shogun. Fresh food, entertainment, same price range, and it tastes GOOOOOD, because it's made by experienced cooks.

Good one time experience, but they can't really expect repeat customers, IMO. Would be one star, but the server was really nice.
This place was so fresh and so yummy.  We paid under $20 for 2 of us including drinks.  There are weight limits but they didn't seem to be watching us too closely.  They have a House Sauce to pour over your creation--not sure what's in it, but it was fantastic.  They do have seafood options (scallops and shrimp) which I would love to try in the future.
This place has the best mbbq.  The best thing is that they take their time cooking (even if there's a line, but it's definitely worth the wait) and make sure everything is nice and charred and delicious.  The noodles are chewy and the sauces are good.  It's something like 6.50 for lunch and 7.50 for dinner (though the bowls seem to be the same size).  Also, they  give you your food in a box, so you can always take it home for later.
neat concept but can be confusing i don't think my waiter liked me though. I won't be back though because my fiancee hated it.
Of 20+ Mongolian BBQ spots I've sauntered into, Mongols is hands down the best of them all. It was the very first Mongolian BBQ place i tried, and it still hold that one special place in my heart. 

In my years in UCLA, this was a lunch spot, dinner spot, and whatever in between. It hasn't disappointed. if there was 1 or 2 off days, i didn't care enough to deter me away from my next 20 visits. 

It has changed ownerships at least a couple times in the past 4 years. Now its cleaner, bathroom is revamped, but they are shorthanded, as the cooks also run around scooping your noodles, and sometimes ringing you up. 

In the past, they served fried rice, and some other entrees. The menu has been narrowed down quite a bit now, to all-you-can-stuff-into-a-bowl, with a side of rice, and sesame puffs, and all-you-can-stuff-into-a-bowl, with a side of drink. I like a place that knows what it wants to serve, and do that well. Better be good at something than mediocre at everything right? 

Everyone already explains the eating code here, so i'll cliffnote it: pay first. get #1 (rice/ sesame puff) or #2 (drink). Get the drink ($0.75 refill), the puffs are cold and nothing you'd want to waste that stomach space for. get your meat (4 kinds), punch down each time, making way for more meat stacking. Get your veggies, but be minimal (who wants much veggies, and they fill up the bowl, while shrinking much during cooking), tell the guy mild, medium or hot, ask for no, little, or much garlic, watch him scoop the noodles. extra noodles is $1.25 more i think. They usually give enough. 

Get your seat, wait, and tip (or not, if you are short on change. Cheapo!). Eat away.
Mongols really hits the spot when you are looking for a filling meal. Basically, you have a host of choices that include meats and vegetables that you pack as much of as you can into a bowl. One of the workers will then add noodles, and you can choose from a handful of sauces like spicy and garlic to add to the flavor. Even with amateur skill, portion size is great, and with the noodles and sauce, it makes for a great meal. There is a good amount of seating, and it never seems like it gets too packed in here except for the lunch hour.
I LOOOOOVE THIS PLACE!!! I go here every week. Sometimes I want to go twice a week, but i'm afraid I might get tired of it. It's LEGEN... wait for it... DARY!!

Meat, Tofu, Veggies, Noodles. Just talking about it makes me wish it was open right now. DAMMIT, gotta wait till tomorrow. Now i'm sad.
This place is similar to Blue Pacific in Levis Commons, although it's significantly cheaper. For a stir fry here it's about $8, compared to $13 at Blue Pacific. First thing I noticed about this place is the high level of customer service. The manager was walking around checking in on customers, and random staff members would ask you if you needed anything right on eye contact. The cooks are super nice too and very friendly. The food itself was OK, pretty bland in my opinion. I had a fish stir fry, and it was blah. Was it my fault for underseasoning? Possibly. But the ingredients itself didn't taste too fresh. Mediocre food but great customer service.
Can't get enough of this place!
I enjoyed my meal at Mongols, however I wouldn't necessarily return.  

The food was generally decent and inexpensive.  The service was fast, and I enjoyed the fact that they put the noodles on for you.  What I disliked was that the food, especially the meat, was low quality, and you were not allowed to mix your own sauce, which I see as one of the unique qualities of Mongolian bbq.  Instead it was an overly-sweet sauce and I had no idea what was in it.  I also had some concerns about the cleanliness of the restaurant.  

I will be trying other Mongolian BBQ places before considering returning here.
After hearing a good review from a friend I desired to try this place out. It was ultra sketchy. The lady at the front counter was very nice, but it didn't make up for the restaurants lack of noodles and sauces for the BBQ. The soy sauce ladle was tiny. I won't be going there again.
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is amazing. There are several sides you can order with the stir fry and they are all Fantastic. The pocket bisquits are the finishing touch.  If you havent tried it please check it out.  The building is old but the food makes up for it. My husband and i have a personal relationship with the staff now Lol.
The art of stuffing your plate for mongolian bbq:

1) use all rolled meats and place them so they are against the side of your bowl.
2) press firmly after each layer.
3) continue to do so until you have a slight dip for the rest of your veggies and noodles.
4) carefully carry over to chef
5) tip $1
6) make everyone jealous cause you know this art form.

7) walk away knowing you got your moneys worth and your friends didnt join Yelp to discover this art form.

Good food and meats here, friendly staff and decent price $7.95

Next door to Lamonica's Pizza (NYPizza)
Four stars for the food
One star as a tip to the cook for never once wincing at the ready to erupt volcano of food in my bowl before it gets plopped on the grill.

Score! Two full days of food to add to the freshman fifteen. 

This place still holds a dear spot in my heart simply because it helped me feed my way through college. The perfect meal was a night at Mongol's with a platter of meat, veggies, carbs, and lots of them! Not to mention glorious sauces glistening down my chin as I shoveled noodles into my gaping jaw. Keep going until you're full up to your chin, take the rest home and repeat in 24 hours. That's the only way to do it, kids. 

I will still happily return to Mongol's at a moments notice. I probably don't need to be as hasty with the volcano-bowl (save some for the hungry college kids cause I'm generous and all), but I WILL need a bib.
Loves it and misses it! Every time I come in town I make sure I get this. Such the perfect meal, full of flavor and spice. I havent yet to find such a great Mongolian BBQ spot. Its such a great place for the penny pinching college student since you can stretch one order into two meals or share it with a friend. Definitely let the friendly guys behind the counter recommend a sauce for you! Oh, and make sure you add the pineapple to your mixture, it adds some pizazz.......
Good price. The only downside is that you only get one bowl, but you can stack it as high as you can. The ingredient is fresh. The meat is decent. After trying it last night, I'm going there whenever I'm hunger after missing my lunch. This is a good place to get a huge and decent meal.
So maybe my expectations are low but I LOVE THIS PLACE! I would come here all the time when I was attending the ever-wonderful PCC. No meat for me so I'd pack it miles above the rim with noodles and tofu. The cook always smiled at me and was so sweet. I hear the floors are dirty so don't eat off of them for god's sake.
Call the health dept!  This place was disgusting. The "clean plates" had food on them, the silverware was sticky and there was food/sauces all over the floor. Walking by the raw meats, the ground beef was brown an smelly, the chicken had not been cleaned, and the seafood was just scary. To top it all off, te waiter talked to us like we were two year olds. Lunch is until 4:00, we walked in at 3:40 and were told we were going be charged the dinner prices. We lost our appetite and left before even biting into our salad. 

Don't waste your money or risk your health!!!
I have been going to mongols since I was a little kid, and I just can't get enough. I often find myself craving the amazingly fresh veggies and meats mixed perfectly with the noodles and sauces (mild, no garlic, please!). It really is a delight, and I go as often as I can (or as often as my fiance can take!).
I had only come here one time and I have every intention to go back! For the amount of food that you get in a combo meal for the amount that you pay is more than worthwhile and a deal! :)

My friend and I went for their lunch... and my first impression was that it's kind of dark indoors and the floors seemed a little dirty.  Though- we decided to give it a shot and we chose their combo C ($7.45) and combo B ($6.95). Each getting the Mongolian BBQ, baby eggroll, steamed rice, 2 pocket biscuits (in combo B), and 2 fried shrimp (combo C).  

First and foremost, the staff seemed sooo friendly and conversational.  They were easy to talk to and were helpful in answering any questions and helping make a decision, which is helpful for a person like me who has trouble picking. :p
FYI, when you're ordering your BBQ- they ask you what kind of meat you want, which can be chicken, beef, pork, or turkey.  Like I said- I have problems choosing, so I just said screw it- I want all of em. The gave me just as much as my friend- just a little bit of everything.

Also- what was REALLY interesting to me was that there was a sign that allows you to control or direct where your flavors are going to go. If you wanted it to be spicy: mild, medium, hot, or deathly hot...there was a chart showing how many spoonfuls you'd want to put in. 

I decided to go with super spicy and it was delicious.  I found that the chart was extremely helpful in guiding the flavors to be exactly what I expected it to be.  

The pocket biscuits were definitely different from what I was expecting.  I thought it was supposed to be some sort of bean bun, but it was literally a bun that was a pocket.  So, my friend and I had fun eating it in different ways by stuffing the pocket or using it like a pita.  It is pretty tasty with the BBQ and the sesame on the bun added a great nutty taste. 
The eggrolls were pretty standard and really oily.  They originally do not come with any sauce, but I did dip them in the shrimp sauce which gave it a great kick as the sauces were a sweet and sour sauce and a spicy mustard.  

Overall- I am pleasantly pleased with this place and really wish to come back soon.  There are a number of different combos, including an all you can eat option which ranges from $10-12. ($10 for lunch). Great, great place.
I can not lie, this is a personal favorite of mines. Usually goes on Mondays for 9.99 college night. First of all, since you are preparing you own bowl, you know what you like, so you can't go wrong. Then you get to watch the grillers make it in front of you, which is also a experience in itself. I usually eat one big bowl and get a carryout second bowl for $3 more, a great dinner for the next night. Overall, i do really like this place (my favorite) and this is a must try (especially since they have something for everybody).
Decent, quick and cheap grub on the Ave... grub being the key word here. 

The place is not dirty and they do a very decent job of keeping items stocked. there is a good variety of vegetables and sauces. Meat comes frozen, so when it cooks it becomes tough, but the vegetables are always cooked just barely beyond warm, which makes them crunchy and fresh. 

This is a great spot for broke college kids (and let's face it we were all broke in college), since you can load up a huge plate and take the rest home. Since you are allowed to take the leftovers home, there is no second pass at the buffet ;-)
This was the first Fire and Ice I ever experienced, and I was hooked from the start. Little sixth grade me came here for lunch on my middle school principal's dime after a few of my classmates and I made a presentation at the convention center (it was some sort of regional middle school teacher's conference).

So basically at Fire and Ice you go around to these little stations where you'll find raw meats and seafood, uncooked veggies, and various other ingredients that you put into your little bowl. Then you go to the sauce bar and make a selection. From there you head to the grill, where you hand over your bowl and its contents are sauted with the sauce you chose. For some reason, this is extremely fun and incredibly delicious. With the exception of some of the Yelpers here, I've never met anyone who hasn't enjoyed the Fire and Ice experience. It's just really interactive and customizable, and really a treat.
I have a soft spot for Mongolian Barbeque and whenever we are back in Michigan, we try to go to one of their locations and it's usually a nice meaty satisfying experience. I always get the lamb for my stir-fry...that's what I come in for and I was super disappointed that it was taken off the menu. The steak and ribeye were poor substitutes but I was able to make a decent stir-fry with extra garlic and chili sauce. However, I will not be going back since there's no lamb anymore. There are locations all over Michigan so perhaps I will find one that still has lamb and I can grace them with my presence :)
The ingredients have always been fresh and good when I've gone and I like that they have drink specials now.
The service is good but the food could use a pick me up.
So Saturday night I was in Providence with 2 friends of mine. One of my friends was raving about Fire & Ice and how she had been on multiple dates here and it was supposedly good.

We were told the wait was going to be an hour, we didn't have reservations so we went back inside the mall for 40 mins to kill some time. After we came back apparently our name had been called 20 mins ago (what happened to the hour wait?) and we were moved off the list. Thanks guys! But maybe that's our fault that we didn't want to wait around when there was nowhere to sit / room to stand.

So finally we take a seat in the restaurant at a wobbly table. The waiter doesn't explain much since one of my friends had been here before. We approach the buffet type lines and grab bowls to place food in. The buffet lines looked pretty disgusting. Vegetables thrown about, food mixed in with the ice underneath the bowls keeping it cool. At the meats section I was grossed out a bit by seeing multiple dishes of raw meats. You would think they would semi-cook them or something. I imagined getting salmonella from the spoon that looked like it had mixed too many times with the raw chicken. The sauces didn't seem to match my appetitie and I wondered afterwards why I just didn't grab a hamburger patty. I ended up making black beans, rice, noodles, broccoli, sprouts, terriaki sauce, and chicken. A very weird combination, but nothing seemed to match perfectly.

Once we got in line to cook the place was madness. The cooks dancing and singing around the grill was entertaining but the teeny-boppers requesting pictures of the chefs every 5 seconds was not. We wedged our place into the line and roughly 10 mins later our food was done. Nothing to rave about. I thought the noodles had a peculiar taste like they had been soaked in soap honestly.

I don't think I'd go back again. It's the experience that's what's more thrilling than the food, even though the experience is a little gross. It was a waste of $20 on my part.
Been coming to this place for at least 15 years. It is so amazing! I love the pocket bread and the soup. I miss the days where you would go and pile up your little bowl yourself but now the wait staff bring you a bowl with your desired meat and you fill the rest with the veggies and sauce of your choice before taking it to the cook. Still amazing and still A LOT of food for the $$. I LOVE this place. It's a little raggedy looking but still, it's great food. The staff isn't always the nicest... but whatever! That's how good the food is, that you'd still go back time and time again despite staff with bad attitude. I have never had any problem with my food, since you essentially put all the flavor in it yourself you are responsible for how it comes out... and most of the time if you are lacking something the cook will ask you at the window if you want him to add some more oil or seasoning.
Alright, so it looks like a prison. So what! IT'S A DELICIOUS PRISON!!!

It's inexpensive and tasty. They give large portions, and again...it's delicious! 

This is definitely a must-eat joint, if you can get past its appearance. It's dark and rundown, but at least the lack of windows keeps the place cool, and it's clean. 

For a $6 lunch you can get a fried shrimp, a wonton, rice, and a choice of meat(s) that you add your own vegetables and sauces to. The trick here is to push the meat down in the bowl before adding anything so that you can really load up and get your monies worth. I found that I had to order an additional bowl of rice because it wasn't enough for the meat, but that's a rare problem in the world (having too much meat), and one that i will never complain about.
This place is awesome.  I'm a huge fan of cooking and the ability to take a huge amount of ingredients and mix my own sauces into a stir fry was great.  Awesome service and a 10 dollar all you can eat student meal is quite wonderful.
The best the best the best the best.  Really.  It's the best.  UNless you can afford better.  But when I was at UCLA, I couldn't.
Nice little Mongolian BBQ/Noodle place. You have to get here at the right time toget a table because this place can get packed. I usually get the combo w/ the soup, rice, and sesame bread. Water is fine since soda will take up needed noodle space! :P A technique to pack in a lot of meat, use 1/2 a napkin to smash as much chicken, beef, pork, lamb into the bottom of your bowl. Then surround/pile on your veggies and whatnot. Hahaha! garlic and mild sauce are great. Be prepared for a ton of noodles and possible going into a Mongolian BBQ coma.
it's like they clean the circular grill with your food.  that thing is filthy.
just drink a cup of oil and garlic sauce and be done w/ it.
I have been coming here since i was a little kid. The food has stayed the same but the service has improved so much ! I'm never thirsty and i always have everything i need. The owner is always there and is happy to greet you. As for the food goes, I think its awesome!!
Good, not great.  Don't get me wrong, this is a good place to grab a quick bit to eat but is a bit more of a downscale Mongolian grill.  

They have a great variety of vegetables, meats, and sauces.  What I like is that they offer tofu chunks, waterchesnuts, and more sauces than anywhere else.  Also, everything is relatively fresh and kept full.

But the meats are often frozen together and hard to choose just the amount you want.  And spills and cross-contamination is common.  The chefs seem more like line cooks and have no rhythm while they cook and clang.   They also don't seem to care about the customer.  Meaning don't think about getting soup or pancakes unless you demand them at the counter.  And you're on your own for drinks.

I take my Mongolian seriously.  So to me, this place is a good stop when I want cheap, fast food. But I'll drive to Renton for a better experience.
Everyone hypes this place up to be the best. It is delicious and the dinner meals are fulfilling. We were greeted right away and gave in our orders the soup was good then we got our bowl to pack as much meat and veggies into the bowl as i could :) but when i got back to my table the rice, shrimp and bread that was waiting for us was so cold!!! I saw the waitress put our food on our table, it was only five minutes before we returned so it should not have been that cold coming from the kitchen. So word of advice do not go there after 7:30 PM. I enjoyed my meal when i was able to heat up it up the next day with hot bread and hot rice. One last thing i love the old 1979-80's look reminds me of movies were people didnt care how fancy the place they ate at was as long as the food is bomb :)
Love this place. Have read some bad reviews but go there because it is our favorite place. The wait staff have always been attentive and we have always had good service. We used to have a Mongolian BBQ in Hawaii but if you wanted to select your items to be cooked it was more pricey than Michigan. We had a choice of only white rice or sticky buns, no brown rice or tortillas and we didn't have the option of take out. Ur prices on food is much cheaper than Hawaii so I don't know why people grumble about high prices.
This one is going to be a hard review....I'm trying to stay positive!

First off, let me set your expectations....this place, you pay a flat fee, and you get all of the meats and vegetables you can eat. This place is filled with overweight people (of course - all you can eat meat)! So if you're looking for something on the classy side (or more than shorts and tshirts), this is not your place! It's filled with size XXXL shirts and stretchy pants! 

To the food: Ok, the concept is great at first, and pretty interesting. They give you a bowl, which you can fill with whatever you're in the mood for - you want scallops and chicken - do it, you want steak and shimp, do it! With your choice of a variety of vegatables and then, of course, your stir-fry sauce. This all seems nice until they plop it all on a grill and cook it up. It might just be me, but this great concept lost it all once I saw it all being cooked together, along with your neighbors not 3 inches away. I'm not a big fan of onions - so when I took my bowl back to my table and saw a handful of onions in my bowl, I had a "WTF" moment and went to get a new bowl and had to wait in line all over again. I guess I don't "love" this place because I guess I'm not as excited as all of the XXXL's at throwing your bowl on a grill for a few minutes and the all you can eat concept. Apparently though - lots of people do like it. There is always a wait! Have gone to a few places in the immediate area, and always see a line waiting to get in. 

Good for them - I hope they brought their stretchy pants!!!
It had been a long long time since I last came to delve into Fire & Ice's ingredients and sauces for dinner.  To be more exact. . . about two years.  Still receiving their free birthday dinner coupons by email, a friend and I made our way through rainy downtown to the refuge of this restaurant's funky and abstract atmosphere.

Things have changed a bit since my last visit.  There are now larger "first visit" bowls that are supplied on your table.  Confused at first as to whether or not these were the bowls to bring up, we sat back for a bit until we saw others using them as well.  While perusing my options, I was somewhat disappointed with what the selection has become.  Far fewer choices than my last visit.  I was able to put together two varying dishes on separate trips up to the grille. . . but had my stomach had room for a third dish. . . I would have been repeating most of my ingredients.  

The grille cooks were very efficient, joked around with the customers, and didn't overcook my food.  Glad to see that they had tip jars set up at the grille.  Always wondered why I was only tipping the waiter, who'd simply come by to clear my plate and refill my water glass.  Granted, at other restaurants you are not tipping the grille cooks, but here at Fire & Ice, they become a pivotal part of your experience and are quite visible to the public.  

This restaurant has lost a star for me because while I still enjoy the experience and unique nature of their setup, the variety of food pairings has fallen for the amount of money you end up paying to participate.
Eating at Go Fresh makes me long for the Mongolian lifestyle: living in yurts, eating yak cheese, riding horses. Which reminds me. It kinda looks like a yak lived in this place.  

Food: My knowledge of Mongolian BBQ is nearly entirely based off of the mall staple Genghis Khan. I've also been to Mongol's in Westwood which I'd say is similar to this place. If you purchase the entree, you'll receive a bowl which you can stack with items in the ingredients bar. If you go veggie it's cheaper. Unfortunately, even if you get the meat deal, you are limited to how much you can order. Lame-o. They don't seem to mind if you stack your bowl ridiculously high which is a plus. However, they seem to cut the veggies in such a way that it's hard to build up without having your tower of deliciousness crash down. You also have to pour your own sauces. They provide some directions on the table, but if you are a little too adventurous, you could easily end up with something less than enjoyable. Luckily, mine turned out fine (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UeJjjmceSAJLvMingsA65A?select=Z087ZExgopM9xi4voDuS6A). On the plus side, they give you a small container of white rice with the meal and provide the usual condiments like sesame seeds and Sriracha. 

Atmosphere: So I'm not sure if it's the fact that the grilling process releases a lot of smoke and charred debris or what, but the seating area needs some 409. I came here at the end of the day so I just assumed that the stray used  napkins on the table were there because the cleanup crew were going to make their rounds soon anyway, but I realized that this is the norm. Like Mongol's everything in here is not pleasant to look at. Also, the seating is cramped and there is almost nothing interesting to look at save the BBQing. Best to get take out in this situation. There's a small parking lot in front of the restaurant. 

Service: Except for the meat rule, everything is pretty relaxed. 

Synopsis: As long as you know how to combine the sauces properly, your food will taste fantastic. You really should get your food to go if you want to enjoy it to its fullest.
Both times I visited I became ill - once seriously enough to visit a clinic.

I can't imagine cooking raw meats and food on one grill continuously could be healthy or safe. 

You probably won't get the value of what you spend. Save yourself some grief (and possibly illness) and try out one of the nearby restaurants.
Still love it, they changed owners though. I asked for the yelp special as it states here you get 10% off lunch by mentioning it. The cashier stated that was the old owner, and the new owner who refuses to give discounts.....uhh ok.  They took off many of the uw posters and music fliers off the wall, they also removed the big screen tv. Makes the place look even more drab....oh well, food is still in mass quantities that you can take leftovers home. So all is good.
Maybe even a 4.5 on this one---no one will look at you funny if you have your bowl HEAPING with your favorites at this build-your-own stir fry grill.  If you pile strategically, you can share 1 bowl with a friend.  Get it on Thursday night and sit on the curb at Farmers Market.
I love this place. Great food, great atmosphere and entertaining grill area. If you sign up for their email list, you get a free meal on your birthday every year. My only complaint is that it seems like it could have a cool sports bar feel to it, and they have a few tiny tv's in there, but I wish they would get some big screens on the wall so you could actually see the games. That would put this place over the top for me. Also, if you are unfamiliar with the area, you will have to pay for parking to eat here, but that pretty much goes for anyplace down town, so I am not knocking them for it. Just making people aware.
For about $8, this place gets you full. It also comes with rice. You do everything yourself, that's including the noodles and sauces. So stack as much as you can! When they cook it, they cook it so well that it looks burnt. The good thing about that is getting the full taste. If you don't like the darkness of that or getting it too burnt, tell the cook you want it "medium." He'll listen! Overall it's a great place for that price. Maybe a little improvement on the cooking thing cause it looks burnt.
This place is not bad but it does require some thought and skill for assembling your bowl to get the best outcome. My coworkers and I got better results the second time we went back. Go to the end and put the sauces in the bowl FIRST. Then you put the meats in (the slow cooking meats turn out better so I usually pick up pork and chicken). Then we put the noodles on top. Laddle some more sauces on top and then put vegetables on top and a bit more sauce particularly the sesame oil. Yes sometimes the cook over cooks some of the meat but hey with those large bowls you are already piling on more food then you would normally get at another place so you can afford to toss those burnt pieces aside. Of course the flavorings of the meat is not as good as places than marinate it for a long time, but for the thrill of watching your masterpieces pile get cooked before your eyes + $7 food I guess my standards can be lowered.
I used to eat in this retail space when it was a McDonald's back in the 90s.  While a $10 plate of food might seem like an extravagance, when you consider that for many this portion will make two to even three meals, eating here makes a lot more sense.

Instead of ordering from a selection of items off a menu like at a normal restaurant, you order and pay for a one-size-fits-all empty bowl that you yourself then fill with the contents of your choice.

Now before selecting your meats, skip ahead to the very end of the line and start off with a few ladles of sauce at the bottom of your bowl for your meats to marinade in.  This will also help ensure your food is better hydrated.  The first time I came here I neglected this part and my food was dry.

Next pick your meats.  I recommend sticking with beef for the most part.  The trouble with fish is that it goes bad quicker and if you end up not being able to finish it all at Ruzhen you will not want fish hanging out with the rest of the meal for the hours or days it could take to get back to it.

After the meats come the major leafy vegetables that I don't go for too much as I personally don't care for much of them cooked.  After that come the smaller vegetables and fruits.  My favorites of these are the pineapple chunks, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and baby corns.

Here's where it starts to get tricky.  You will want to have as much food as you can pile on at this point.  Before your second visit to the sauces, you'll add a giant heap of noodles.  You may have to use a finger or two to old the mountain of noodles in place from here on out.

Your second visit to the sauces is critical as you want to make sure to hydrate your food as much as possible.  Pour ladle after ladle over the top of your heap of noodles.  Only stop when you're worried about making a mess.  Finally, hand your meal off to a cook to be publicly prepared on the grill.  In how many places do you get to see your food being cooked?

Be sure to top your serving off with a ball of rice ad various sauces like teriyaki, plum and coconut curry lest it still be quite dry and a little on the bland side.  The fact that they have salt and pepper shakers at the tables is telling.

The only major problem is that there seems to be a penalty for those unskilled at stacking food to ridiculous heights.  If you can't put a pile of noodles over your bowl without pineapple chunks falling off as well as the next guy, you get less for the same amount of money.

Overall I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars for decent food at a decent price.
When we come here, it's one big bowl of meat and noodles for the boy.

And everything else for me. I skip the meat -- it's just so-so anyway. And the noodles? There's rice at the end that doesn't fill up your pre-grill bowl. Don't waste space!

It's the fact I have the equivalent of a full salad bar at my disposal that makes Ruzhen one of my favourite places to stuff my face on the Ave. I just get a cubic ton of veggies, and apply hot oil, garlic and chili sauce liberally [veeeeeeeeryyy liberally] to taste. With a ton of jalapenos and pineapple and baby corn and zucchini and celery and water chestnuts and whatever else you may or may not want, Ruzhen is pretty much ~classy~ for the Ave.

Also worth mentioning, it's places like this why I generally have empty tupperware in my backpack: four meals for $10 including tip! Swoon.
used to eat here when i used to go to ucla.
then, it used to be great. cheap and greasy.
i hate to admit, i love chow mein-type dishes.
The primary reason it took me so long to try this place was....well....from outside it looks like a discouraging school cafeteria kind of setup. Interior is so bland and undecorated the food would probably taste the same right? ....so I finally ventured in (by the way its almost midnight and im STILL eating leftovers)...was told it was 9 bucks for dinner where I grab a bowl and throw on whatever I wanted however much I want as long as it didn't top over....it was then that I realized this business made a big mistake because my fatass can eat for days....so I piled it on...and on and on and on. All of the ingredients looked fresh, the meat a bit freezer burnt. The grill chef was irritated, rude and impatient. Who cares about him though I just wanted my food. He grilled it up...my portion came out to be the equivalent of like three yakisoba dishes I would get at any teriyaki joint put together. Oh, my, goodness...this made my day (spoken like a true fatass I know..) I piled on the rice and sauces, which were plentiful in variation. Quality? it was alright.....kind of bland because the mongolian and teriyaki sauces weren't cooked into the food. The meat though sliced thin, is chewy and full of crunchy bits and bones...obviously been frozen for a while...in terms of mongolian grill it was quite possibly the worst I've ever had. Most mongolian grill is a bit charred and smoky with a lot more fresh spices....this place had garlic sittin in a little tub of salty water or something....However...I still can't get over the bargain. 9 bucks for this much food? that's enough for four stars! ;)
I've been coming to here since 1995! It gets messy where guests get their bowls together, but it's worth it. The sauces can't be beat. This is not your typical mall foodcourt Mongolian BBQ. They don't have noodles, which I think is a good thing. The egg rolls and sesame pitas are homemade. 

The interior needed a facelift in 1995. It's dark and kind of sticky - the tables should be replaced, etc. But the reward of flavor makes it all worth it.
This place is great.  I've been coming here for atleast 15 years.  If you know how to mix your sauces and put together the right combos of meat and veggies, its a no brainer you will get a great meal!  The egg rolls are delish and service is good.  Don't let the look of the place fool you!
Love Mongolian BBQ!!  So yummy!!  So quick & definitely hits the spot.
I and the fiancee came in to test the menu as a potential wedding rehearsal dinner location. 

whoa.  thank goodness we decided to try it first.  We should give the Mong. BBQ another chance, but for now -  it was a test.  
The menu prices are good.   Lighting is great - apparently this establishment has had some dark years before.   

we had extra food -- great if we wanted to take it home, but not this time.  Alas, I'll try them again... I'll let you know what happens.
This is the original place to me. I only get here once a year or so, but go out of my way to make it. Best thing is the variety of ingredients including lamb. Decent price. Also, there is finally fresh paint and newer light fixtures on the wall. The decor used to be the biggest downside. Now you should be able to get a girl to go inside with you. Parking is always a pain as is every place in westwood. I still haven't found a better Mongolian bbq as hard as I try.
OK.  My low rating reflects that fact that this simply isn't my cup of tea..  Hadn't really given much thought to issues of health and the like until reading some of the other review post mortem, but by golly, the food counters WERE quite a mess, and it really is a pretty strange concept that they would cook everything on the same grill at the same temperature at the same time.  

The funny part was that I came here with an esteemed colleague who was clearly not taken with the ambiance of the place.  (That's an oxy-moron!)  The server was ber-friendlly, and quite insistent that we try the drink of the day, which I think was a lemon-blueberry margarita.  He insisted that if we didn't love it, he would pour them out and bring us what we want at no additional charge.  Tasted like a bad Kool-Aid flavor with too much sugar - down the drain! 

I also found the menu to be something between overwhelming and just plain confusing.  After thumbing through it several times, I still had no idea what kind of food they served here, or how much it might cost.  Having been there, I'm still not sure.

I can see how the place might appeal to some, but if I don't ever have to go back, that would be A-OK by me!
I will always love the concept of Mongolian grill. Plus its so much fun to see how much you can cram in at a time.  I can't decide if this place limiting us to one bowl makes it more or less fun.

I remember when they didn't have that limit.  They also have a rule on how you push in your food into the bowl too! My friend used to use a second bowl to push the food down and now they don't allow it, so he started using his hand.  Look...you're in a college neighborhood. People will find a way to work the system as best possible.  So yes, the employees here are pretty anal.

The food is ok.  It's not amazing or horrible, but about what I expect from a all-you-can-stack-on-your-plate in a college neighborhood. 

3 stars because I love Mongolian grill in general and it's there...but no more because really, Mongolian grill could be better than this.
Pick your meat(s), veggies, noodles, sauce.

It's tough to find a good, clean mongolian bbq place...so look no further than Go Fresh. The owners are so sweet and helpful and dont eye you when you are loading up on meat. My husband and I go here often and have never had a bad experience.

Like others said, the interior is very plain, but when the food is so good you hardly notice. Always tip the cook who works over a very hot grill to give you extremely hot, amazing food. 

I can never finish all the food I get here in one sitting, so I eat the other half for lunch the next day, and it still tastes great!

Go here and support a small business!
If I could use one word to describe this place it would be confused.

I absolutely love mongolian bbq, and fire and ice is an attempt to bring mongolian bbq to the masses.  although, they've added a lot more elements to it.  i've never heard of pasta or burgers at a mongolian bbq place, but you'll find them at fire and ice.

the veggies seemed okay and the selection of meat was interesting, but there were fruit flies and stuff flying around.  not cool.  also, the sauces are bland and could use a bit more punch.

the chefs are great and if you know what you're doing, you could have a great meal, but if you don't know how to put a meal together, you could be in trouble.

i had stir fry which was only okay, the philly cheesesteak sandwich was SO good (just remember to season heavily with salt and pepper before handing your meat to the chefs), and the burger was pretty good too (i seasoned the patty with salt and pepper and gave them bbq sauce to add to it).  

for the price, i don't think it's worth it.  if i want mongolian bbq, i want the legit stuff, and if i want a burger, i'll go to a burger place.  no need to make it too complicated.
While this is not high end cuisine, the taste is reasonable and the ability have exactly what you want for dinner is a win.
This location has had it's ups and downs over time but recently seems to be doing pretty well. The service is decent, but not fantastic at the tables but is very good overall at the grill (where it matters in my opinion for this restaurant). 
Essentially you pay for your 'bowl's and go put whatever you want in them, have it cooked, and then enjoy with tortillas, rice, or on their own. For my kid there is some entertainment value as men with big forearms beat the food with metal sticks on a big round hot grill. He loves being able to bang the gong after giving them a tip so I always keep a few $1 bills on hand to create that moment of joy.
Despite being a pretty big eater I find that 2 bowls is usually more than enough for me and the rest of the family often eats only 1. Trying some new ingredients can be fun, especially since there is no risk with this being all you can eat.
As for price it is not bad overall but could be pricey for just 1 bowl. The lunch specials are even more affordable and could offer a good option to the cost-conscious.
Selection seems to suit just about everyone. Everything from edamame to eggs to chicken, steak, shrimp, and beyond is added to sauces (i.e. orange, curry, black bean, barbecue, marinara, etc) and spices (cayenne pepper, lemon peppar, rosemary, sesame seeds, etc
Prices recently went up, but this place is awesome. The people working there are very friendly, the food is deliciously greasy, and there's always an engineering challenge to get as much food into the bowl as possible (I go with the "broccoli fort" configuration).
First place I ate at as a freshman at UCLA.  This place was, is, and forever shall be the shiznity in my heart.

Don't get me wrong, the place generally looks dirty, unkept, and like they really should enter the ultimate restaurant make-over contest, just to get all the grime off the floors.

That being said however, you get a ton of food for not much cash (they don't take credit).  It's the entire assembly line formula which has led me to many satisfying morning after leftoves from Mongol's.  Really packing down that meat, trying to build you bowl to its ideal height, and then watching the two non-Mongolian looking gents cook it up just right is so much awesomeness.
It was awesome! Really cheap, and tasted so good and fresh. There were lots of good options and they cook it right in front of you!
Had not been here in a few years. Went to lunch with my mom. She could pick out stuff she likes (not too exotic) and I could have something spicy.

Love the fresh cilantro, and the black bean sauce. Found some hot sauce by the grill. Made my special blend really tasty.

We ate outside on the sidewalk. We were disorganized, since I had forgotten some of the routine, but I was able to guide my mom enough to get our stuff cooked and be seated to catch up on the news. Someone seemed to sense that we were a little lost. He arranged to have iced teas set on our table for when we got back. Thanks!

The tiny desserts are fabulous. When you just need a little taste, they're the perfect size.
I unfortunately need to update this.  My first glowing review was followed up hours later with stomach pains and cramps, but it went away.  My boyfriend experienced similar symptoms as well, but he opted for the meat selections.  I figured since it was near the end of the night, maybe something in the bin was not as fresh?  I don't know.

I had a craving for this again this afternoon.  About two hours after satisfying my craving, I got very, very, very sick.  Pretty much vomiting from both ends.  When I eat at places like Great Khan's, I have never become sick.  So something is obviously spoiling (maybe the vegetables and/or the garlic sauce I used on the noodles before they were cooked?) because I had to pay a major tribute to the porcelain god too many times over today.  

I really was happy I found the place initially, but two visits in-a-row that have left me sick will prevent a future return.  :(
Maybe they decided to shape up since everyone elses review, but I've been there twice recently and its really pretty legit.  Going out to eat often, it can get boring at regular, sit-down places.  Fire and Ice is a change of pace, and can let you be (somewhat) creative with your meal.  Servers were outgoing, Cooks were friendly and sort of entertaining.
It's worth the havok on your GI tract. Spicy with garlic is the only way to go. Entirely too much food, but that's what we love, right? A raunchy (but recently "updated") jewel of Westwood.
We've been coming to this place for years and it just occurred to me that I've never written a review!  I guess I just take this place for granted.  Well, time to remedy this.  This Mongolian Barbeque definitely deserves a good review!

First of all, between 12 and 4 there is a lunch menu available, and it's definitely worth it if you can make it within those hours because although it doesn't have an all-you-can-eat deal, there is plenty of food, we usually take home half and eat it a 2nd time.  For about $7, you get a fried wonton, an eggroll, a bowl of rice, 2 pocket biscuits (delicious!) and a bowl of meat, for which you can choose one or more from the following: beef, chicken, turkey or pork.

(There are multiple menu combination choices to choose from... some include fried shrimp, some don't include any of the fried extras, some don't include pocket breads... I highly recommend you choose one that includes pocket breads, these are really good!)

Once you get your bowl of meat, you have to push your meat down in the middle so you can pile on veggies from the veggie bar. (If you don't, it'll pile too high and heavy items like pineapples and water chestnuts will fall off....).
Also, I recommend starting with the bigger items on the veggie buffet, like the pineapple and the water chestnuts, because they're incredibly difficult to stack on top if you wait until later to add them.

Anyway, their veggie buffet usually has everything you will need for your bowl of deliciousness: water chestnuts, pineapple, green pepper, cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, squash, mushrooms, onions...  Once you get to the end, there are instructions for which sauces you need to put on the meat/veggies, depending on if you want it spicy, medium or mild.

(Also, please note that if you see someone ahead of you with a pile of chili peppers on top of their plate and you like yours mild, MAKE SURE you ask the chefs to clean the grill before they put yours on.... otherwise you may end up with a slightly spicier dish than you intended.  Part of the experience here is that other flavors from the grill cook in to your meat, however if there are spicy dishes going ahead of you, it's perfectly normal to request for them to clean the grill first... so don't be shy about asking.)

For the price, there is nothing better.  And for those of you who have had the "mall mongolian bbq" experience, this one is MUCH better... (although they don't have noodles...but that's ok, there are plenty of tasty items to make up for that loss...)

I've deducted a star for a few reasons, sometimes the veggies do look like they've been sitting out for a little while, especially the water chestnuts, it's not appealing once they start having brown spots and the interior leaves a little to be desired as far as decor is concerned.
Nothing major though, it's all good, the food is good and it's definitely a place where we go at least once a month.
My first visit, long ago, I thought Fire+Ice. what is it? The name doesn't offer many clues.  It's a buffet/stir fry restaurant. Oh-wait, what? Confused? I didnt blame me. The concept is iffy and the execution is worse. I'll skip the process since most all are familiar and jump to random thoughts: 

-It seems always crowded. Expect loong airport-like cues as you journey to simply feed.  Wait to seat, then separate lines form for tiny bowls, veggies, seafood, sauces then cook.  At last you may sit.

-Don't tell them it's your first time.  The overly blissful server will insist on a tour. INSIST! It's not that much bigger than burger king-I can sort this out-leave me be, ill fend for myself.

-I don't want my burger tasting like sezchwan and I don't want my seafood tasting like chili.  What if I want my chicken seasoned differently than my steak? Forget all that.  Multiple plates and octopus-like abilities won't help enough.  Sure you can go back but the process to start all over again is too disheartening. 

-Awful cooking. The food sits all cooking together.  How to cook steak and scallops and vegetables? All the same-no matter.  Burnt veggies with undercooked meat is highly probable. The sauce goes in at the end.  Might as well microwave some barbecue sauce and simply  throw it on top. The cooks use the same grill surface and spatula to cook not just your whatever combination of food but everyone else's as well.  I don't like that the strange lady's leftover alfredo sauce is mingling with mine.

-Cleanliness. The tiny always wet bowls were mostly dirty as were the utensils.  I went through nearly 10 bowls before I could find a clean one.  I chose to eat with chopsticks.  

In general I don't like buffets as they make me feel like a pig going to a trough. This one is almost worse because you spend nearly $20 a plate that you need to go get yourself, fill and give to someone to cook. The quality is bleh. 

Lots of hype Fire+Ice = fail
Neat ambiance. The place is full of univ grad students and is very bubbly.
The staff is extremely friendly.
Price is cheap and excellent. $7.65 (inc tax) per meal. Can't get better than this.
We can take out the left overs. Awesome. The sauces are so tasty. There is the coconut turmeric sauce that I love like anything.  We can also help ourselves with a large helping of rice. Also there is a section to pick and make our own salad. These are the specialties of the awesome place that make it an outright winner among the other Mongolian grills.
Located right in the middle of univ dist downtown
Fresh vegetables. A Mongolian grill is the place where one can get to eat a good load of healthy veggies. This is why I love Mongolian grills.
All my friends I took there loved the place.
If you are lucky, the meal that you make playing with the sauces can turn out be so tasty.
Highly highly recommended.
this place is YUMMY. u can not screw up your own cooking, you have no one to blame but yourself. the portions are your desire, the food is fresh and the people are friendly. good price too.
Pros: Lots of food for like 10$! The ingredients are decently chosen and the atmosphere is fairly casual. 

Cons: The food is nothing special honest. The sauces are very watered down and honestly don't taste that great. This place really is quantity over quality sadly. It was overall pretty plain and just tasted like meat and noodles grilled. 

Overall I might come back again but I gotta be more hungry than I am in the mood for a good tasting meal.
It's a different experience.  Never been to a place where you pick the raw ingredients then bring them to the cook.  My wife seems to like it I personally don't care much for it.  Health hazard anybody....all you need is a good sneeze or cough  and you are sick. Food is not the greatest for the prices...
Let's set the stage for my first visit of what has turned out to be lasting relationship of food greatness.  Finals week, no sleep, another final about to happen, food is needed.  I decide to go for Asian.  Now, admittedly, I was going to Yoshinoya next store..  But I saw the shanty which houses such greatness and thought it would be an entertaining adventure and hey, who doesn't like to support small business anyway?  
So, I went in..  The inside is more run down than the out..  but hey, the best food is ALWAYS in the worst of places..  Ok, so the lady who works the front counter speaks all five words of English and I think at least four surround the word money.  Be careful with her, she'll slip things right by you and all of a sudden you'll be buying three drinks and two bowls for just you..  I got my bowl and started packing..  Now, the wall says I can only put 2 lbs. total of food into this bowl..  Naturally, I went for 4 and hit nearly 5.  Yes, I am an overachiever.  The food was excellent -- the best Mongolian BBQ I've ever had and I do not say that lightly.  

Here's what I don't like about this place which is why I can't give it more than 3 stars.  

1.  The staff sucks.  
2.  It is dirty..  and old..  and so are the staff...
3.  They have no organization at all..  
4.  If they don't like you, you're not going to get much food.  

With that said, it is still very worth going and I do all the time.  The food is just that good.  Check this place out.
The food quality isn't top notch but I mean that's what you get for the quantity.  Stack up a ton of meat & other add-ins and go to business!  The last time I was there the staff didn't seem to care if I packed my meat in or not.  I would recommend adding a lot of the sauce at the end of the line because otherwise the food is really dry.  They also offer unlimited rice basically and allow you to take home your leftovers (so long they fit into one takeout container).  As a college student living in the dorms this is a great option because of how much food you get.  My last visit filled me for dinner that night, dinner the next night, and lunch the day after that.  So for 10 bucks I got three meals worth.  The quality is by no means terrible, the foods tastes pretty good if you do it right, but it's definitely not the best.  Would recommend for poor, lazy college students.
This was a "mediocre" place. Went here with 3 friends during a weeknight, so there weren't many people and no wait lines. My first and only visit. 

First thing that comes to mind is "dirty!" The table where we ate was sticky! The floors had a clutter of morsels of food and tortilla chips. You can hear the crunch when I walked. As soon I got to the "marketplace", my shoes started to stick to the floor. This didn't bother me much at the time since stuffing my empty stomach was the main goal for the nite.

The selections was "numerous", I think I had everything twice if not more. The surf and turf wasn't that appetizing nor good, both times it came out undercooked. My friend attested to this also. I stuck to the beef, pork and chicken afterward. Really good and plentiful. When I left, my jeans where unbuttoned.

Our waitress was really nice, clearing our table before we got back from the grill. One of my friends has food allergies and they were very accommodating for her. They cooked her food at a different grill and would bring it our table when it's done. 

Would I come back to this place? Sure, but I'm in no rush. Great place to stuff yourself if your strapped for cash. I can't really blame them for the "cleanliness" when you have slobs that come in and out all day that can't clean after themselves or not make a mess when eating. The staffs are not going to grab a broom, mop and bucket when you have people eating nearby. I heard the one in Boston is better, but crowded. Maybe I'll try that one next.
This place is awesome! The people are nice and the food is great! Definitely my new favorite place to eat. Did I mention its affordable for college students? $8.99 for dinner plus all your food for the next day:)
This place is so bomb! Ive been coming here for years. So the actual restaurant is nothing nice to look at but the food is so good. I usually get the beef bbq with pocket bread, wontons and egg roll. The egg roles and won tons taste soooo good they are addicting. The beef bbq is good as well. They bring you a bowl filled with your meat of choice and you go to the little salad bar and put what you like. This place is a must try!!
This is the first Mongolian BBQ I ever went to, and it has inspired me to seem out Mongolian BBQ wherever I have been.  But it is still the best one I know.  One reason is the pocket biscuits.  They add so much to the flavor of the meal, but I have not found another Mongolian BBQ that serves them.  There is one place in Mountain View, California, that has similar sesame biscuits, but they are too small to form a pocket.  The other reason is that between the right sauce mixture and good grilling technique, their BBQ tastes the best.  It had gotten a bit grubby over the years, but they have recently replaced the booth benches and cleaned up a bit.  So I won't even dock points for that.

One downside is the folks who refuse to pay an extra buck for all-you-can-eat trying to pile too much food in one bowl and scattering ingredients all over the food bar.
Some dudes, just out of college, still challenge each other to beer bongs, beer pong, or the century club.  Others take it to the next level:  the Extra, Extra Spicy, Extra, Extra Garlic (no lobster) Mongolian Barbecue Challenge.  (And to be fair, my buddies and I did all of the above, but that was many moons ago, before ulcers and receding hairlines (my buddies' of course, not mine)).

I have travelled wide and far, and never have I found a Mongolian Barbecue that even holds a candle to this one.  Let me walk you through it:

1.  Place your order (go straight for the a la carte bowl - the soup and whatnot is a mere afterthought), get your bowl on a plastic tray.

2.  Strategize.  The key here is to try and pack as absolutely much as possible into your bowl, and while you may think that your meal size is limited by practical matters like physics and such, it's not.  That's part of the magic here, and is why I was able to feed several small villages on the outskirts of town with one "helping" back in the '90s.

(Secret:  Use your buddies' bowls to mash down your own ingredients, also, use sturdy vegetables like broccoli to forge a second tier to your bowl's edge - proper employment of this technique could conceivably render an infinitely large "helping.")

3.  You used to have to do the noodles yourself, but they take this part of the task on (and do it better than most novices anyways).  Choose your spicy level - this too, is an unwritten code - choose between mild and Extra, Extra Spicy (I don't go beyond "Spicy" these days), same for the garlic, and never, ever get the "lobster."  It's a clear liquid, and simply tastes fishy, so if you do, caveat emptor, my friends.

4.  Eat until you think you might explode, then take the other 3/4 home to be consumed late night after aforementioned beer drinking games.

There simply is no better Mongolian Barbecue around, and even though my EES/EEG/MBC days are over (our last challenge was marked by my best man's having to take the following day off from work, details to be imagined), I still come back on occasion for fond reminiscences.

Ahhhhh.  --js
This place is great. First you choose what you want with your noodles. You can pretty much eat as much as you can fit in a bowl. Then they cook it on their giant frying table. The presentation is pretty cool. It's one of those places that feels like your little secret even though it's often packed. Be care if you intend to share, they have a no sharing policy that is randomly enforced depending on who is working. If you are discreet about it they are usually pretty cool. Overall the food is amazing and cheap but the no sharing cost them a half star.
Damn this place is good! I love Mongolian grill and this place does not disappoint. It's got tons of stuff to choose from and it's very cheap ($7) for lunch and $3 for refills if you need another bowl (eat it) so it's almost all you can eat for $10. If you're good and get your bowl filled to the brim it is absolutely wonderful and can last you two meals. The sauces are very good and their selection of oils is pretty large. Other reviewers did mention that even with lots of oil it comes out a bit dry, but that's not a problem with me because I love it dry! The lady who works the register is always very friendly and the chef is great. The only reason why this place doesn't get 5 stars from me is because sometimes I feel the veggies are not cooked enough.

Oh, yes, remember that there's free rice post-grill so if you don't want noodles just fill your bowl up with non-carbs and grab rice! I never remember to do that myself though.
NOTE: I went to this place on a weekend; my friend mentioned that this place gets PACKED when school is in session.

The place wasn't too bad, except that the parking is a PAIN.

The selection is decent, though my friend pointed out that they have more veggies than other places.

My only complaint; if they use those bamboo skewers to stir-fry everything, wouldn't people who are vegetarians get meat juice into their meals? I don't know the answer to this, because everyone that I saw ordering had meat in their bowl.
Overpriced, noisy, and not very good.  Just thinking about it leaves a burnt taste in my mouth.
absolutely my favorite spot to eat on the ave- can't beat the price; you could go down the street to safeway and buy and cook your own and you'd still be behind the $$$ curve.

wish i could find something just like it down in LA.
If you like to eat A LOT come over to Fire and Ice.  The bowls they give you to create your meal are deceiving in size (a lot can fit in there!).  Pop in for lunch when it's cheaper.

By eat A LOT - I mean you like to eat a lot of food that's been touched/contaminated by other people and that's all cooked on the same disgusting, unclean grill. Mmmm Salmonella. Loves it.
Not sure what all the poor reviews are all about Fire N Ice is awesome, so it's not gourmet YOUR NOT PAYING GOURMET PRICES PEOPLE but it's still really good, I ate more then 16.95 worth of shrimp alone so that says bargain to me and i've been there atleast 10 times and will continue to go back whenever possible
PIG OUT, PIG OUT.

This is the place to pig out.  Especially because it's essentially a buffet to the max.  It's a surprise when people don't need to be wheeled out of the restaurant.

The way things work here is rather simple.  Pick up a plate.  Fill it with your choice of noodles, meat, veggies, seafood, and assemble a sauce.  Bring it to the guys at the grill to cook it for you.  Once they're done, take your plate.  Top it with some extra sauce if desired.  Bring to your table. EAT.

I don't think the food is top notch quality here, but barely acceptable.

I like to get the rice noodles with some beef, cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, and use sesame oil, soy sauce, and green onions in my sauce.  Then, I like to drizzle the top with soy paste, and a sprinkling of sesame seeds.

If you're hungry, and don't mind mediocre quality food at a cheap price, come here!
I miss Chang's on Broadway, but when I am craving Mongolian Grill, I come here. A couple things to note:

1. Most of these places are all you can eat; NOT here. However, you do get to take home what you can't finish, so it is interesting to watch the starving college students fill the bowl as much as they can and then top the cooked meal off with six inches of rice. A fine art, my friends.

2. The meat is evil. I found two bone-like things in mine tonight which might require some dental work. That is not why the meat is evil, though. It is evil because it is frozen in a HUGE lump and when you finally peel the curly hard pieces apart, they take up an immense amount of space in your limited single bowl. I try to get the thawed meat, but I am not above smashing my hand in the dumb thing to get it to shrink.

3. The sauces are like the points on "Whose Line is it Anyway"--they are completely arbitrary and irrelevant. I have tried a mixture of different things, but it sits on there for about twenty seconds, cooks off, and there is absolutely NO flavor. Instead, wait to put the sauces by the soda machine on your food. 

4. They will burn your food. Yep. Little black flakes. EVERY time I come here it happens. They don't make music with their cooking utensils, or fling knives, absolutely no Beni Hana show here. In fact, I can't even get a piece of pineapple that isn't blackened. And they sorta give you a disgusted look if you don't tip them. I always feel like George Costanza tipping them, making sure they see me putting the dollar in the jar. It's exhausting.

5. Don't be "that guy." Once you put your bowl down to be cooked, MOVE TO THE END OF THE COUNTER. Sheesh. Everyone behind you is holding these precarious towers of noodles and you are just camped out watching the cooks burn your food. Geez Louise. Then, when you are done getting your cooked food, grab your rice, grab your sauces, and sit down. Better yet, as they are cooking your food, get your water, get your sauces, get your napkins, pick your table and then come back, grab your food, and viola! 

Overall, you will get full. It is about ten bucks a plate and you only have to tip the dude at the grill. The bar is kept pretty clean--really clean actually--and well stocked. They always keep it wiped down which I truly appreciate. I gave them an extra star just for cleanliness. Thanks, Ruzhan!
I love UCLA, don't get me wrong. I'm proud to be a Bruin, but Westwood just down right sucks, especially when it comes to food.

I was craving spicy ramen, and I thought I'd just have some spicy Mongolian food instead.

To the point: This place gets 3 stars because I see no difference between Mongols and Great Khan's (the one you usually see at the malls).

It pretty much fulfills your craving for spicy noodles, but they pack the garlic too much, and this is coming from someone who can eat whole garlic cloves for lunch.

The Ingredients: Not so fresh (the green onions were stale)

You can encounter a huge line full of yuppies, and men who have reached mid life crisis, but service is friendly.
This is a tough one for me to do. The food here is horrible. Every thing about it was just plain bad, but the owners were so nice and had so much pride in their lifes work that i feel bad for giving these nice people such a bad review. They do not deserve a 1 star (I think that businesses that go out of their way to be a-holes are the only ones who deserve that see my review for 24 hour fitness and Art Lewin Clothiers) but unfortunately their food deserved the 2 star rating.

First off, the place is messy. There is meat on the floor, peppers in the onions, mushrooms in the sauce...everything is spilling every where and no one is cleaning anything up. 
Second, the stuff is old, The vegetables are wilted, the mushrooms are turning black and slimy the meats are thawing out. Even the rice smelled and felt like (texture in my mouth) like it was made a couple of days ago and was starting to go bad.
Third, they are missing stuff, Any self respecting Mongolian BBQ carries Lamb, Noodles, Baby corn, Minced Fresh Garlic and a bunch of other stuff I cant recall now, but all of which are missing from this place.

I hope they read this review, I really wish them the best they are really nice people. Clean up the place, put an emphasis on your quality and I will be more than happy to be a regular customer.
Okay yelpers, i really feel strongly about this so get ready cause here it comes...Go Fresh is dirty, has bad customer service and if the owners do not like you you're screwed-so be nice, look above the dirty floors and tables and pretend like you don't hear them talking behind your back in Mandarin- as you make your way to the bar and stuff your plate heavy past the 2.5 weight limit. 
I know someone else posted the best way to "fill" your bowl(cause you really want it to topple over, is what you want)  is to first go wash your hands in the back. Then grab your bowl and flatten your meat with your hands...gross-your hands are washed for goodness sakes!- then add as many veggies and noodles as you want. Now they frown upon you adding chili because it will clear up everyone's sinuses, but go ahead, they are as lax on their 2.5 lbs. and no excess chili policy as they are on cleanliness.  
This has been a favorite dive of ours for a reeeaaalllly long time ( my hubby works in Pas. and I went to school at PCC) so please don't ruin it by having high expectations, just go and enjoy the food in slovenly wholesomeness.  

Cash only-the selection is not always fully stocked-ask for napkins.
Hard to find a better mongolian barbeque in LA
This is better than Great Khan's
You get a good amount of food on your plate
Pretty good price
The side rolls are tasty as well
Give it a try
This place is great! Cheap and very tasty!
I. Love. This. Place.

My friends and I have frequented (is that a word?) this place at least once a semester as a treat after finals during our first year in UCLA. Eventually you figure out how to get the most for your buck. You do have to be ready for a not-so-clean place, but it's definitely a fun place to go. Probably not recommended for dates, hehe.
We went with a group of 5 , the waitress sat us down and gave us the run down on how it all worked and got us our drinks. You get a lot of choices from meat to veggies to sides and don't forget the sauces too. They cooked it on this big grill which was neat . I just felt bad for the cooks cause it was a little busy and there was only one main cook there making everything with another cook that would come back from time to time. The food was good and tasty . The only thing i thought was a little odd was the lady gave us rice and our group was all Asians . i read in previous reviews they give out tortillas too but we did not  see any .....
I give this place 5 stars because for what it is in the area that it's at, this is the best place to get Mongolian-style BBQ. Of course, there are better places up north and down south, but for what it's worth here in SLO, you can't get any better.
It was the first time I came here and maybe that's why my rating was so high, I was overwhelmed with joy to see a hibachi buffet. They had a variety of foods to choose from such as tuna, salmon, calamari, steaks, chicken, shrimp, bacon, broccoli, little corns, udon noodles, rice, and so on, plus many sauces which are fun to mix and match. Then while you wait for the chefs to cook your food, they keep you entertained with their antics. They cooked everything well, my calamari wasn't chewy and nothing burnt. The only con is it's a bit chaotic in there, the seating arrangements aren't very organized, and it's hard to sit in a booth, table height is too high or something. I really did enjoy the food, but once I got the bill I was like.... Fuuuuuuu-. I think they charged us $20 something per person, and I ordered water, god only knows how much soda costs. We also got the chocolate fondu, a major rip off, barely any fruit or marshmallows and the chocolate was already beginning to harden. Don't bother ordering from the dessert menu or sundae bar (which I can't believe they charge you more for). And if you go, make sure you gorge yourself to help make that bill seem reasonable.
I'm sorry, but I have to disagree with the good reviews of this place.

Yes, it is a great place for vegetarians and meat lovers to share a dining experience and there are many food options.

However the wait for a table can be very long and I think it is overpriced, especially if you are a vegetarian and are not eating the expensive seafood and meat.  

Also, every time I eat here, my food always has the same burnt/salty taste from the high grilling temperatures and salty sauces.  Maybe I am just a bad cook (and am choosing the wrong sauce combinations)... which is why I go out to eat.
I was first introduced to Mongolian Grill a couple of years ago. Now I am officially in love and have returned many times!

They serve a variety of meat and vegetarian dishes and options. 

It is a great deal if you come here during lunch hours, between 11:30am and 3:30pm. I think the price is around $8. They used to have a Yelp deal, but not any more. However, they do have paper coupons for UW students. Make sure to grab your coupon book at the U Book Store at the beginning of each quarter if you are a student.

You choose your own sauce and mix. Rice is free. They also serve very good teriyaki sauce. 

Lots of options to choose from if you visit here. You will be sure to leave this place with plenty leftover!
Nooooo!

Step away from Mongolian BBQ if you want to keep your good health. 

Everyone seems to think this place is great for groups, events, etc. because you can basically make whatever you want, so it's good for a big variety of people. Ok, good point. BUT it's just awful, really. 

Everything is frozen before they put it out (or most of it anyway). Ick. 

The main issue here is cleanliness. I have NEVER been here and had a clean bowl, and I am not exaggerating. My last visit, I literally stood there asking for bowl after bowl (we went through 7 supposedly "clean" bowls) before getting one without food on it. I was given attitude for bothering them, and then my waitress said, "Oh, it must be a problem with the dishwasher or something." 

UM, yeah. If that's how they clean things that the public sees and handles, God knows what their back of the house is like. Though I'm not sure how much back of the house they have since they don't cook anything.

Also, even with shellfish and the like, I have never seen them temp any of the food that's out. I've seen tong handles sitting in raw chicken. This place is food poisoning waiting to happen. 

Gross. Save yourselves while you can.
As one of the oldest staples of Claremont, Mongolian Barbeque has stood unchallenged for decades. All other Mongolian BBQ restaurants that have tried to compete in the area have failed miserably at the hands of this juggernaut. If you asked me 10 years ago, it would be easy to tell you exactly why. Nowadays, it seems like perhaps the pride has gone to its head, because the quality has dropped considerably in the recent years.

I've been going to this restaurant since I was a little kid and it used to be one of my favorite restaurants. I don't think they've made any aesthetic changes to it in those couple of decades -- same wall colors, decor, and feel. I went back a few days ago, however, and I could immediately tell that the quality has gone down. The meat isn't as tender as before -- you can actually taste the low quality in the meat as its much tougher and chewier than before. The vegetable selection has more or less remained the same, but they've become much more frugal in terms of bowl space. You have to be an architect or Jenga-extraordinaire in order to pile on a good amount of veggies in that dinky little bowl. I would also expect them to have gotten with the times and added noodles as a selection.

I still love the bread pockets they provide, which I think is what makes this restaurant stand out among all others. You have about a 50% chance in getting a bread pocket that you can't open up to stuff with meat, so that kind of sucks if you get stuck with that.

All in all, I still have great memories of this place and compared to most other Mongolian BBQ restaurants, it's still one of the better joints. However, since I remember it back in its golden years, I'd have to say that it definitely has lost a lot of the food quality that made it once so damn good.
Not at all an authentic Mongolian BBQ. But- lots of fun! I loved the concept of filling your bowl through the buffet, adding your own sauces and seasoning, and watching it all get chopped and fried in the giant communal grill. Might take a little practice to figure out just how to concoct a really good meal, but still worth a trip.
This place is so delicious. Outside looks a little unwelcoming, but don't let that scare you off. I love the fried wontons, baby eggrolls, and pocket biscuits. So good. I've been coming here for about 15 years and I still love it. 

Pros: delicious, good price

Cons: messy meat/veggie bar
Simple in design simple in review. Cheap food that tastes filling. Cheap meal that is filling. And loads of junk to choose from. I am a meat eater and am loathed to have a veggie on my plate so this place takes care of me. I mix as many dead animals, little onion for flavour, loads of garlic, and pineapples. It is a dinner that makes me feel like I got too much for what I paid. If Simple with a capital 'S' is what you need go here.
First I will say that Fire & Ice was the only restaurant able to accommodate my large group, which I appreciated. That said, it was a rather chaotic experience trying to figure out the food then waiting in line, etc. The cooks did a great job considering the chaos but I didn't really enjoy the experience. 

Also it was WAY too expensive - $13.99 for brunch?? Even though it was all you can eat I definitely did not eat $13.99 worth of food. The need to wait (again) in line kept me from going more than twice - once for the main meal and the second time for a crepe.

My group which was mostly college students loved it b/c of the concept and also they could eat as much as they wanted. As for me I prefer a place where I didn't need to wait in line for my food to be cooked.
The only thing saving Fire & Ice from a 1-star review (in my opinion) is the staff. They were working their butts off when I stopped in for lunch with my wife. The first impression  I had on walking in to fire & ice was one of contrasts: 1) What interesting/bright colors and 2) What IS that smell? After we were seated, my wife and I each asked each other whether we wanted to stay for lunch or go find someplace else. The smell was THAT off-putting. We never quite figured out what it was, but it certainly could have been the byproduct of mass quantities of raw meat sitting out all day/every day. Don't get me wrong. It's on ice and probably within the health code specs, but raw food sitting out for that long every day surely isn't bound to inspire the folks over at the Glade plug-ins company. 

We decided to stay for lunch and our experience turned out about as expected. Nothing all that exciting from a food perspective. Various raw meats, various veggies, various toppings. Put them in a bowl and let the chefs (who were busting their butt to prep food for everyone) throw them on the round grill in the center of the restaurant. In the end, the food ends up tasting like the sauce that you put on it.  

All-in-all, fairly disappointing.
This place gets the job done. They keep their meat frozen and replace it often. Their didn't appear to be any flies and everything seemed pretty well clean which is important in a Mongolian grill because even though it's tasty it can also be a breeding ground for food poisoning. The veggies were fresh and there was a decent assortment (carrots, bok choy, cabbage, broccoli, spouts. No water chestnuts :(  ) and the beef was pretty good. 

The price was decent and because I have mastered the art of stacking I had leftovers to take home. They also offer Tsingtao Beer which is delicious with Mongolian BBQ. The owner also seemed fairly friendly.
came here on a lunch break.. spent 5 minutes in line then waited another 3 for the cashier to finish being a cook for the other customers. once I finally got my order done and he gave me a bowl.. I had to wait for the sauce boss to give me my juice.. not a very impatient person but they easily made me one. oh and watch out for the pens.. got ink all over my hand when I signed my receipt. they got the first and last laugh.. and also 1 star. keep the change and make something of it mongo.
This place is amazing!  I have only been once and I really want to go again.  The prices are super cheap, the food tastes great, and you get to watch the chefs cook it.  It is a great place to go with a few friends for dinner.
I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone in Claremont.
I have been ordering take out from here, on and off, for years.  Every once in awhile I crave this place.  Its changed ownership numerous times.  I ate here very recently though and the food was pretty much the same.  They give you huge portions with a choice of fried appetizers to go along (wantons, shrimp, egg rolls).  The soup is lame, no argument there, but overall it's a greasy delight.  It's not the cheapest place, either.  The most basic mixed stir fry and steamed rice combo dinner will cost you $10.
"Baaaw, raw meat scares me!"

"Baaaw, I don't know what to do with cilantro!"

"Baaaw, I can't figure out how to walk up to the grill at the same time my friends do and stand next to them!"

"Baaaw, I don't know how to food!"

Seriously, if you have a bad experience here, it is almost guaranteed to be your own fault. The creative element has always been a fun novelty, and the ingredients are fresh and tasty. For what it is, it's great.
You know that song from Avenue Q.  The one where they sing about wanting to go back to college to only realize that it wouldn't  as awesome as it used to be.  Well, that's Mongols in a nutshell.  I remember, back in my UCLA days,  Mongols as being an awesome dive place for greasy delicious noodles.  Portions so big, it'll last you for days.  A perfect blend of flavors and ample noodles.  The Mongols of past is gone.  No more old Asian couple working the kitchen/register. Gone are the ample noodles (if you want more than a meager serving, be ready to shell out an additional $1).  The once flavorful sauces have been replaced by a black-hole of blandness that even a shit load of garlic and hot sauce can't save. The soup and bread are even more bland then the noodles.  The employees were unfriendly to say the least.

The only improvement were the new chairs.  Those new chairs ain't going to keep me coming back.
I will preface by saying that Fire & Ice is the standard by which I measure this kind of dining, so everything I experienced here had to compare to this place. With that being said, I guess if you've never had this kind of dining before and you may find this place tasty, even exciting. However, if you have had this kind of food before (and had it done well) you'll likely be disappointed. 

The first thing I noticed, and that which pretty much turned me off immediately, was that the fixings bar was just poor. For those that don't know, it's a salad bar with a bunch of different ingredients that you put in a bowl and take up to the grill to have it cooked right in front of you. This is the crux of the meal, the backbone really and if it sucks, well...there's pretty much no way to rescue the experience. Unfortunately in this case it sucked. The variety was pretty lame. Usually you can get a variety of seafood and meat, including chicken and shrimp. Here it was only beef and salmon I think. The vegetable offerings weren't very inspired either. To add insult to injury, many of the selections were frozen. The meat was frozen, peas were frozen, corn was frozen...just disappointing. I'm not sure why they decided that this was the way to present the options, but I give it a big fail. You go to Fire & Ice and everything is vibrant and looks fresh...not like someone opened a package of frozen beef and started chipping pieces off. 

I will say that they have a nice-looking dessert menu. We got s'mores, which was actually very tasty and well-executed. You get one of those gel burners that goes underneath chafing dishes with some graham crackers, marshmallows, and 2 bars of Hershey's and skewers and go to town. I'd have been more than happy to skip the meal and go straight to the dessert. It's not enough to make me go back though. I can make s'mores at home.
Hah I used to go here way too much when I went to PCC. Always Mondays. I'd get my takeout, eat half of it, take a 3 hour nap in my car, wake up, eat the other half, then head to my later class. 

How pathetic.
I like that it's connected to the mall, but you actually have to come out of the mall and walk around to get to it.  It makes it less crowded then regular mall restaurants.  
It's a decent price for all you can eat, even if you aren't a huge eater.  You get to chose what you want and the selection is great.  The seafood is always fresh and they even have squid and crawfish.

They also have a special grill in the back for people with allergies (my husband is allergic to all things seafood) and they prepared his food away from the main grill so he didn't have a problem.

The fondue dessert isn't too shabby either...if you have room.
I guess this is like your basic mongolian bbq joint. The outside of the store looks a little old and cramped and going inside reflects what was outside. The floors were sticky and the place was a little old... you can definitely say that this was a mom and pop's store. The service there was really good. The Asian couple that owned the store was really nice and the man was nice enough to clean up after my spill... oopsies.

This was one of the first mongolian restaurants that I have seen that put a restriction on the amount of food you can get. - 0.5 lbs meat, 1 lbs noodle & 1 lbs vegetables. Of course, there was no scale where you can weigh your food... but I guess it's to tell you that you cannot get too much.. just in case haha

The meats are thinly sliced and you have your choices of turkey, chicken, beef and pork. When I went the only choices were beef and chicken.  There's a wide variety of vegetables to get from bean sprouts, cucumbers to mushroom and lettuce. There were lots of sauces as well at the end to pour on your entree at the end - spicy mushroom, teriyaki, garlic, soy sauce... I thinkk there were 6 total but I cannot remember it all right now.

At the end where they were cooking my meal, I think it came out a little dry... they cooked it for a good 7 mins which i think it's too much for that size of a stove with the amount of food that we have. To add more flavor and moisture to my meal, i had to add a lot of hot sauce. So before you leave the restaurant, or before you sit down (which I did not), get yourself about 5-6 hot sauces to go!
This place was my first on-the-town meal upon arriving in Westwood... and the last meal I ate right before graduation.  And so it holds a very special place in my memory, which many UCLA students share.  And it also happens to be one of the most delicious Mongolian BBQ experiences around.  Now, Dexter -- you say -- isn't all Mongolian BBQ the same?  It's just a bunch of meats, veggies, and sauces with noodles.  Well, you're wrong, and how dare you.  The secret, my friend, is in the sauces... and I have yet to find a Mongolian place with a better blend of sauces than right here.  And with years of experience dealing with poor college students, the cooks have the experience and expertise on how to cook impossibly packed bricks of meat smooshed and pummeled into unnatural ways.

I still enjoy this place after a good movie in the Village.  I guess it's one thing I won't outgrow.
Stumbled upon Mongols entirely by accident, and  it's an interesting concept, but not sure how badly I want to do this again.  Pros: reasonable price & clean counter of frozen meat & fresh cut vegetables.  Cons: after they add the sauce (you tell them mild, medium or hot), your food comes out pretty much looking the same color.  I gotta hand it to the cooks tho - it's not easy to make all those ingredients cook evenly in one try, but they do a pretty good job.  I got mushrooms, white onions, bell peppers, scallion, and a few pieces of beef, chicken & pork.  I deliberately requested no noodles, since rice is already included.

The sesame bread is entirely forgettable, but the soup was shockingly good.  Another mixed experience in Westwood Village!
Not good . . . just . . . not good.

I really, really wanted to support this place -- a plucky, long-time local small business.  But the decor is just seedy.  The selection is negligible; you're pretty much forced to get the stir-fry, with rice, one tiny, greasy egg roll, and one even tinier, greasy wonton.  There aren't many stir fry ingredients, and they're not visually appealing at all.  The guy who cooked my stir fry threw on a ton of extra oil -- there go any health benefits.  The waitresses are hard-working, but not very helpful.

Great Khan's Mongolian Barbecue does exactly the same thing, only better and cheaper
love this place....been going for  about 12 years now :)
This is more of a 3.5 star review...

So I've been here a few times and nothing in particular has gone wrong. The food is good and the service is okay. I love the sesame biscuit type things you can get and then of course Mongolian BBQ is awesome.

I think what's holding me back from giving this place a better rating is just because I've been to some really good Mongolian BBQ places and this place while good for the area doesn't match up to them. 

Mongols is a pretty good place for being in the village though. It's another hole in the wall joint that allows you to avoid some of the more commercial places and gives you a unique experience. How often can you jam a bowl full of meat and vegetables with the expectation of getting it all cooked up on a giant flat grill with thick noodles. 

Final thoughts: If you've never had Mongolian BBQ and you're in the area try this place out. The food is pretty good and the portions are big.  It's some pretty good comfort food for a reasonable price. I personally would rather explore other places but if I find myself back here I wont be disappointed.
In trying to cram as much food as possible into my bowl, I have discovered the perfect technique: pick up the smaller, flat pieces of meat and not the rolled ones. 
Also, make sure you don't have any food allergies before you come here. I found out that chilis make my mouth and swell up. The mild sauce isn't that mild o_o.
Super fresh ingredients, friendly staff, affordable prices... a great mixture for a dinner out on the Ave. 

For those who haven't frequented mongolian grills, a tip: if you stuff your bowl until it is overflowing, be sure to up the amount of seasoning/sauce you use! Its easy to end up with a giant bland dish if you dont pay attention to that. 

If you season properly here, you're going to end up with a healthy and filling meal!

Their meat is high quality, and they have fresh cut veggies! Two choices for type of noodle, or you can forgo the noodles and have some rice on your plate after the rest of your meal is cooked.

Give it a try, and ask for assistance from the staff if you are unsure how to season. :)
Been going to Mongols since I was a kid (they used to have a shop in Buena Park).  I think its the best mongolian bbq place around, doesn't say much as there isn't a lot of competition but if you like mongolian food and want to spend less than 10 bucks this is a good place to go.
The food wasn't good, the sauces were horrible, the workers are nice, the atmosphere resembles a carnival. I think it's more for children and tweens...
This is probably the worst Mongolian BBQ place I have ever eaten at. Very expensive for low quality food. First of all, they do not have any noodles, and we are used to getting noodles at other Mongolian BBQ restaurants. Also, with dinner, we got an overcooked eggroll and wonton that lacked any flavor. The pocket biscuits were also overcooked. Would not recommend this restaurant.
I like this place alot. Although it seems a bit pricey, the experience is worth it. The cooks and servers are always super friendly. Every dish is a unique. Try this: chicken, egg noodles (lots), whatever veggies, terriaki x 2, sweet and sour x 1, garlic and black bean x 2, garlic oil x 2 - ask for "extra crispy" - OH YEAH!!!
Some tips for the first time eater at Ruzhen:

1. The meat cooks down, WAY down. It looks like you're putting a ton of meat into your bowl, but since it is frozen, it will cook down into miniature little bits. So if you're a carnivore, fill your bowl at least half full with meat (beef, chicken, or fish)

2. The noodles cook up, way up! You need a lot less noodles than you might think...so just put a little bit of noodles in your bowl and leave room for meat and veggies. Oh, and you get unlimited rice, so you may not want any noodles at all...

3. You can make your own sauce concoction! I usually just put random spoonfuls of all the sauces in my bowl and it ends up tasting yummy. Oh, and you get unlimited sauces like curry, sweet chili, BBQ, etc after your dish is cooked. Yum. And all of the vegetables are delicious. 

4. FILL THAT BOWL! Fill it until you think it is gonna spill out onto the table! Get the maximum bang for your buck, and then get ready for at least three days of leftovers, which you can save for yourself or give to one of the many Ave Rats if you are feeling generous.

My take: Ruzhen is the perfect place for a starving college student and is a great deal if you follow my simple rules!
Mongols, 

You get 2 stars for your "well, it won't kill you" food & hole-in-the-wall ambiance....2 more for being a pillar of Westwood student cuisine & for momentarily transforming us all into structural engineering majors, as we decide how to cram as much raw food into your build-your-own-bowl as possible.
I really don't understand people's love for Mongolian Grills ---maybe I just haven't had good Mongolian food yet. 

Having eating at several Mongolian grills and never had a positive experience, I'd have to say that this was a truly negative experience and it puts me at odds with some of the brothers from my church who love this place.

You see, maybe I'm a purist, but when something is cooked for me I trust that the chef knows enough to make it right ---in the French tradition there are no condiments at the table besides those supplied on the plate with the food by the chef; the chef always knows best.

Now with that in mind, why would I go to a restaurant to eat something that I could stir fry in a wok at my place for a third of the price? Laziness? 

The fact of the matter is, when I eat out I don't want to do any of the work, besides the foot and a half difference between the place and my face (and sometimes not even that). If I'd have wanted to tell the chef what I wanted in my dish, the proportions and pick it up with tongs myself I'd have stayed at home ---at least there I trust the chef to cook it at the right temperature too.

Not to mention, the few times I did begrudingly submit to my friends to accompany them to Ruzhen's I ended up having stomach pains a few hours later ---this isn't good food, it's not healthy, it's not appetizing, and I have to do the work... thank you for being my first negative review!
One of my weekly favorites when I was going to UCLA, spicy, hot noodles with lots of chicken, beef, pork wonderfulness, we used to try to build up the bowl with the frozen meat with our hands just so we could pile on the veggies, I miss this place.
I have to agree with the others here, I really miss the noodles. That said, the food here is pretty good. They do need to add more non-meat choices, because I like to load up on cabbage, onions, etc. The wait staff was cheery and helpful, and you do get a lot of food, almost too much for me. Overall, probably a 2 1/2 rating. I would go back, but only if it was close by.
I haven't been in a long time mostly because of the distance from where I live but when I do head out to Providence, I usually always make a stop at Fire & Ice.  I can't help but LOVE a restaurant that lets me make my own meal, choose my own sauce, and then cooks it right in front of me.  I wouldn't say that I'm a germophobe but it gives me extra piece of mind knowing exactly what has happened to my food going from point A to point B.  I'm a "sauce girl" so I am completely in love with all of the sauces they offer.  The staff has always been friendly and courteous and that is also a big reason as to why I am such a fan. 

The only thing that bums me out is that it is a bit pricey and I just can't eat huge portions like I used to so I don't always feel like I am getting my moneys worth out of it.  It's an excellent "treat" though.  :)
i love mongolian barbeque and this is one of the only places in west LA for this kind of cuisine so Mongol King is an easy win. My roommate has come up with a system in which she compacts as much frozen meat... she skips out on the veggies.... into the large bowl allotted us for our plate by constantly pressing down on the meat with a napkin... it can be a workout.

i like that the guy puts the noodles on the already mountainous heap of meat and veggies, because honestly....if i did it myself, most of the noodles would end up on the floor.

i don't like that we can't mix our own sauces. i'm not complaining about the flavoring... the noodles always turns out derish... but it's just fun mixing your own sauces... even if it turns out funky tasting.

the ginormous plate is accompanied by rice, some sort of flatbread sprinkled with sesame, and either soup or a drink and comes out to a little under $10. it's not expensive but there's this place back home i go to for mongolian barbeque and it's $10 for AYCE Mongolian BBQ. but for west LA.. Mongol King is ok in my book :) 

and a plus, the place has been remodeled within the last year or two, so the tables and chairs look all chic now.
Everytime I'm in Providence we go to Fire and Ice!  Its the best place for groups of people becuase there's something for everyone!  You pick all your own veggies and meat and even your own sauce and they grill it for you while you wait!  They've got a salad bar also and their drink menu is pretty extensive!  Its only $16 for dinner and its all you can eat!  You can't beat it!
a college town staple.

come here to test your food architecture skills! Pile on that frozen meat and see how much you can get for your dollar.

Are you good enough to eat for a few days?

Take your time and figure the food jenga puzzle. My trick has been to use the extended broccoli as a cantilever on the edges of the plate to extend your surface area an extra 1-2 inches from the edge of the plate thus increase the amount of food you can pack onto the plate.

If it spills over you dont get to eat it.

this place is awesome!
Despite numerous ownership changes, this place consistently provides mongolian barbeque that is good.

The place is not in the appearance group.  If it were, I don't think it can survive because the food is reasonably priced.  The utensils are the latest in cheap flatware.  Request the chopstiks.  No lamb so you are on your own with beef, pork, chicken or turkey.

How can anyone rate a mongolian restaurant?  You are responsible for your own vegetables and flavorings.
Im just happy i live within walking distance of this place.. ive tried the other one further down colorado. it wasnt bad. but Ive become accustomed to the way its done here at go fresh... my girlfriend showed me her technique on stacking her bowl. ive gotten better each time i come in. . . . . reasonable price. and reasonable portions if you take your time and arrange your bowl properly. .. i try to stay away from the chilli oil especially the pepper flakes . they get really hard when cooked...
I would have given 5 stars since I love this place, but the customer service is just terrible. This one Asian lady who happens to serve us everytime we come, is just rude and always rushing for us to order. 
One time I came w/ my bf and she ddnt even smile/say hello or anything. just asked what we wanted to drink. I said water right away but my bf was still thinking about it. Then she said 'ok what? coke? sprite? how about just sprite?' so he said 'um ok just sprite.' then she said 'yaaaa spriiii' like all in a hurry and expected us to know what we wanted to order after only a couple minutes. It wasnt even busy when we went there either. I was just thinking okaaay I don't really wanna leave a tip lol.
But the food is always really good. They give less meat now tho :( but just pile on everything on that little bowl and have some rice, pocket biscuits, fried wontons, egg roll, and a fortune cookie. you'll leave satisfied, minus the bad service. However the other asian women are friendly and one man who is always by the door is really welcoming too.
Not clean, even front door handle was filthy, food was burned and unappetizing. Do yourself a huge favor and eat anywhere else. Even the Chevron down the street would be better.
When friends and aspiring Bruins-to-be ask me to list the major attractions of Westwood I usually respond with a blank look.  However, I quickly allay their qualms that UCLA and its surrounding environs may not be up to the standard of Northridge.  The tragically often overlooked Mongols is arguably Westwood's single greatest attraction.  Since graduating from UCLA, I have dined here on every one of my return visits and often in spite of less-than-subtle suggestions that we go "anywhere else in Westwood."
Mongol's claims to superiority are drawn from two very strong selling points.  First, provided you get the spicy sauce with garlic, the food can be irresistibly delicious.  For the vegetarians/quasi-vegans such as myself, Mongols does offer tofu for a small extra cost but it is well worth it.  Second, it is very easy to get good value for your money.  The pack and crush method is an effective way to guarantee a full plate and an often equally full stomach.
We skipped the salad and went straight to the meat.   Our waiter was OK, it took a little long to get the soft taco wraps that we requested but he made a bunch of pretty good, not too corny jokes that he kept us entertained. 

The atmosphere was open which I liked.  We were sat in a booth in the corner so we felt like we had some privacy but the grill was also in our sight of view, so you still felt like you were part of a large group all waiting around a campfire for their hotdogs and hamburgers to cook.

The food was OK.  I didn't like getting in line, waiting for it to be cooked, eating it, getting in line, again waiting for it to be cooked...So make sure you have plenty of time to kill.   Everything is set out raw, so as a previous post mentioned I would recommended going when busy to ensure everything is fresh and hasn't been sitting out on ice for a few hours.

The price is right for the amount of food they have, but none of it was really amazing or out of the ordinary to set this place apart.
I thought Fire and Ice was way better than I expected.. But since there is so much raw food, I would recommend only going when it is busy. The sauce selection is great and the combinations are endless.

Its definitely worth the price.. My boyfriend and I ate so much, we could of been rolled out of there.
I'm really surprised that other reviewers gave this place a good rating. I feel like I'm being generous with the two stars. I love Mongolian BBQ and feel like I'm pretty adept at assembling my bowl by now, but this place was not for me. Problems:

-not a very wide variety of veggies, and most of them looked grotty. The carrots, for example, were all white and cracked looking.

- watered down sauces, which were further watered down when the cook dumped a bunch of water on top during the cooking process.

-tough meat

-dirty sticky floors and dirty bathroom.

Even though it's a fairly cheap price for the amount of food you get, I feel like I'd have been better off eating a bowl of cheerios at home. Even cheaper and tastes a lot better - now THAT'S a good deal.
So much food!
I was starving, but this was pretty yummy.
Totally worth it for the price, but if you get combo 1, the sides are pretty worthless. That soup isn't very good, and I don't know how anybody can eat rice when they have a huge plate of noodles in front of them. A little on the greasy side, but wtf do you expect?
I love this place because unlike corporate influenced Ghengis Khan and BD Mongolian, they let you pile on as much noodles, meats and veggies on your bowl as you can, within reason of course.  When it comes to Mongo BBQ I like to do it myself.  Usually the creation turns out nicely.
i used to like this place, but now they put a weight limit on how much you can get ... if i remember correctly it was like .5 lbs for meat and .5 lbs for noodles and like .5 veggies or something like that... my question is HOW THE F*** am i supposed to know how much my sh*t weighs to the decimal lb.? do i look like good will hunting to you? i was packin my bowl as i usually do... and the cashier lady and one of the cooks starts bitchin at me.. talkin about i got 1 lb of beef in my bowl.. wat is the point of even goin to mongolian bbq joints then....
+++ All you can pack, as others have said... it's nice that much of their meat is in flat frozen pieces, which is much more conducive to packing than other places that have meat rolled up into cylinders!

-- Nasty broccoli.  It's my favorite veggie, but it tasted weird for some reason.

- Sauce/flavoring was not that good.  I asked for medium spiciness (options: mild, medium, spicy), and it barely had flavor.  I dumped some soy sauce on afterwards and that helped.

-- Not enough noodles!  At other Mongolian BBQ places, I can only eat about 2/3 of my food.  Here, I was craving more noodle.

--------------- Okay, so it was totally my bad for forgetting to lock the door when I went to the toilet.  BUT when the employee opened the door, he stared at me, slack-jawed, while I said, "I'm so sorry I forgot to lock the door!  My bad."  I don't think I should have been able to get 2 full sentences out of my mouth before he even made a move to close the door.  Yikes.  Guess he was in shock.
My sister loves this place, and I have no clue as to why. 

1st off this is profiled as 'New American' when in fact it's old, very old Mongolian. I mean I had this while serving in Iraq from the DFac once a week, really? New? wtf? 

Now the only reason, and I mean ONLY reason for 2 and not 1 star is the fact that you can easily get your money's worth. Not to many places you can have surf and turf in HUGE portions with different flavors for sub $20. 

However, 
If you cook at home, this place is not impressive. 
If you like plain food, ie. go in for breakfast get a pancake without anything on it, just a plain pancake, expect it burnt. They don't know how to do cook plain food. 
If you're looking for service at the table, ie. drinks, or silverware for everyone, forget about it, it's not gonna happen. 
If you go there hungry, you've arrived too late, it takes longer for food to 'cook' there then at a real restaurant. 

Did I mention the 'cooks?' a 10 year old can do what they do, and probity better, they burn, anything and everything. 

'Your own creation' is what they sell, but in truth you get all your food cooked at once, for a short time then your sauce thrown randomly on top, sometimes they'll even hit your line of food with at least half your sauce, but not normally. Then served to you. 

How do you think it taste? Bland? Exactly! Who's fault is that? Well according to F&I, it's yours! 

Stay home cook yourself a real meal.
Good
THIS PLACE IS THE BOMB.   ALL my friends always go there.  Yes its' true that there is new ownership, but the new owners are GREAT.  They take time to take care of their customers and really make sure your food is good.  just...WONDERFUL.
Mongolian BBQ is the best! My family has been coming here for at least 20 years and it is still one of our favorite restaurants. Every time we introduce it to someone it becomes one of their favorite restaurants and they tell all their friends about it.
I was somewhat disappointed by my first excursion here.  The food is good, no doubt, but nothing special.  I thought it was a little pricey ($9 combo) but you can definitely fill your bowl up and try to get your money's worth.  It was good but I wouldn't necessarily go back.
A very good atmosphere with great food and modern look!
Simple and delicious. The price is decent ($8 or so for dinner and a drink) and the portions can be enormous if you're good at cramming stuff into a bowl. If you're not familiar with the concept of Mongolian grill, what you do is put your choice of meat, noodles, veggies, and sauces into a bowl, and watch the chefs cook it for you. It's fast and completely customizable.
I really enjoy this place despite the bizarre vibe. I was a bit thrown off my first time by things such as the eyeglasses chained to the front counter to use "for your convenience"...and the trinkets, statues and toys they have displayed for sale...oh and the check holder that reads "muchas gracias".  

Putting all that behind me, yes it's dark, but your eyes adjust...and the menus are slimy- but you don't really have to touch them because there's only one page. The food is really tasty, and cheap. Above all else, what keeps me coming back is the delicious sweet and sour sauce in the ketchup bottle!! Every time I attempt to try a newer, brighter, and cleaner Mongolian place...they don't have the sauce....and I miss it terribly...
This mongolian griill is more than meets the eye from the outside. The selection is very good and the price is fair.  The interior is actually pretty spacious compared to the entry which makes it look like it would be a hole in the wall.
I'm absolutely bewildered at how people enjoy this place

The meat is a sad hacked up pile of beef, chicken, pork, or lamb and the array of preparation options is absolutely dismal 

I've given this place enough chances to know it's not worth ever going again. Not even if I'm treated. I wonder if people just lack Mongolian experience? But even then, what you get when your plate is done isn't even good! No noodles and the soup is horrible.

I'm well aware that you control what goes into it but it's NOT ME. No.

The service is very good and the Tsing Tao is cold, but the food is horrible

Listen, I've been to the MECCA of Mongolians. It's my first review ever. If you really want not only an incredible Mongolian experience, but an absolutely delicious dining experience - go there
Mongolian BBQ is always really just a test of how good you are at packing down your meats and piling food into your bowl. This place is no different. 

By the time I was done packing, I had left two of the four choices of meats almost empty, hehe. I go mostly for the beef and chicken because Asian-cooked turkey just sounds weird and too much pork makes you porky. 

Next time I should probably sample the sauces, but I just put everything in there, and it still tasted pretty good. 

The meat is okay... Frozen meat so don't expect anything high quality. Don't go heavy on the sauces if you don't have a tolerance for sky-high sodium. 

Tasty food and decent prices mean I will definitely be coming back for lunch here.
We love going to HuHot. The grill guys are entertaining, the wait staff is always very charming and helpful, and the food is tasty. It's a little pricey so we only go as a treat, but we try to make it out every couple of months or so. The rangoons are also delicious. Great place!
it's hard to rate mongolian bbq-- the food rating is what you make of it, isn't it? i mean.. you cook your own dish.  and since i'm not so good at making sauces, 3 stars from me.

atmosphere- love it! the floors are a bit dirty with food just spilling everywhere but the cooks, waiters, and waitress are all so friendly here.

food- there's a bunch of variety. you can pretty much get anything you want here and there's always specials and discounts. however... there's this wall in mongolian bbq that gives you 'recommendations' for making good sauces and BOY, they are pretty hard to follow. not just that... but nothing on that wall sounds really delicious hahaha.

this is definitely a great place for big groups though! oh, and if you're starving, the all you can eat is great.

lastly... this is probably the best BD Monogolian BBQ
Came here for lunch with a friend nearby UCLA campus. Buffet style setup, you make your own plate and stuff as much as possible with a bowl provided by them. Once you're done packing your bowl, it is time to bring over to chef to cook it for you.  Price is cheap, great for your college student budget. 

Walking distance to Hammer Museum. You can definitely eat as much as you want and work it off by taking a short walk to the museum.
As this is my first review, I've decided to share a tale of a place of great adventure and simplicity. What can I say that probably hasn't already been said about this restaurant? 

The Service:
The service that I received here was beyond any of my expectations. The waitress that served me was both beautiful and kind, she was very timely with my refills; the only thing I didn't receive was the opportunity to ask her to bare my children. While I was there I even had the privilege of meeting the owner and his wife; both of them were very friendly and kind (which is a rare sight now-a-days). 

The Environment:
When I first walked in, I noticed that this building is probably just as old as I am, if not just a little younger. Several paintings decorated the wall, while music gently filled the room (a perfect balance for such a small eatery). Both times that I have arrived there weren't a lot of people, a couple customers here and there but nothing to the point of panic. As time moved on I noticed that the restaurant began to crowd as parties of 8+ would stroll in. Now as you may know, people don't know how to stack food, so the floor does get dirty from time to time; but luckily it does get cleaned when the girls aren't slammed (as there are only 2 waitress' who bus their own tables). 

The Food:
The side course consisted soup, an egg roll, and a small wonton. The soup was very tasty, what it lacked in quantity it made up for in substance. The egg roll was nothing more then a colorful food orgasm wrapped up in a wonton skin, and the wonton itself was small; more of a filler food to make up for the soup. 

The main course is this... If you don't like the food, then you yourself must be a horrible cook. There, I said it. You pretty much make it yourself, the only thing you don't do is cook it on the grill which is done by one of the chefs/cooks. Before I grabbed my plate I watch to see what other people were doing, and noticed they had a disregard of mixing flavors and ingredients (which seems to be an art form in it's own). I used a simple combination which would mimic a chicken curry, simply because I think it's near impossible to screw something like that up. While I was watching my food being prepared, I noticed that the grill may have had some burnt leftovers on it, but I treated it like a cast iron skillet, so it didn't bug me a whole heck of a lot. The food was a little watery (but I blame myself for mixing to much oil in it), but regardless of the visual texture, the food was absolutely delicious. The 'Spicy' mixture was the perfect combination of both heat and flavor, and it seemed to have blended really well with the curry seasoning. 

Overall:
While I love to color and tell people about my colorings, I think it's up to you to figure this one out for yourself. While I may not be a culinary expert, nor a Rembrandt of coloring, I do know good food when I come across it, and this was much deserving of my rating. This place is the poster child of hole-in-the-wall restaurants... The colors I have experienced here are well deserving of my return.
NOOOO it was really bad. Dont eat here, dirty, no good food i like the onces in massachusetts so much better.
I love going here it the food is delicious. If you like habatchi style restuarants for a decent price I would recommend this. Plus, it's all you can eat! They do offer other things besides that but sometimes I feel they cook the meats too fast for my liking though. My waitress was cute and kind!
Must try! I have been going to this place since I was a kid! I love the fact that you can season your own meat/chicken to your  taste. It's also pretty neat that you can watch them cook your meat. 
The interior is not comparable to a 5 star restaurant, family owned whole in the wall type feel. This is a place where the food will definitely exceed the ambiance. 
Service is good. Never experienced a problem as long as I have been going. 
Pricing is very inexpensive, very big portions!
This is definitely a one of a kind for the IE!!
I've been coming here since I was 16, and thankfully the food hasn't changed at all despite several changes in ownership.

1) Huge portions because you serve yourself (tip: use a friend's bowl to smash down the meat and veggies)

2) They now accept credit cards

3) Fast

4) So f-ing delicious
800,000 stars!! after countless trips during undergrad at UCLA, still get excited to go here for lunch. as everyone else has mentioned - small place, sort of dingy with slippery floors in the back restrooms (uh...). name has changed, owners have changed probably half a dozen times and prices have gone up about 50% since i first started going, but this is the best mongolian bbq i've come across so far. $9 combo with soup, rice and bread - and stuff as much damn meat as you can in your bowl (be sure to use your buddy's bowl to shape the meat you've picked!). lots of garlic with the hot sauce - and that secret brown sauce during the cooking - that's the clincher. when you're done, stop by diddy riese for a dozen cookies!! =D
B
I've never been to a Mongolian BBQ that didn't have noodles of any sort.  Sauces and meat are ok.  But the no noodles was a major disappointment.  .
Weeknight food binge - encouraged by an attentive waitress (wait, can you still say that?  I think I mean Beverage Refillation Assistant) who kept the condiments on the table appropriate to what we were eating and the drinks all full.

Not many people in the restaurant at first, but it picked up - by the time I got my food to the grill there were people around half of it, and only one cook!  Argh!  So everything was a little overcooked, since he had so much to worry about.  Good on him though for not letting it show, kudos for not making a bad situation worse.

They moved the meats around and now the fish and meat are next to one another with the first part being all veggies.  I'M ON TO YOU, FIRE & ICE.  I went for the meat first, then topped off with veggies.

Overall an okay experience, $60 for three people and no one got sick.
I love Mongolian BBQ.  So I came to Mongols with high hopes.. Unfortunately it just didn't live up to expectation.

The idea pretty simple - get a bowl, fit as much meat and veggies as you can, choose your sauce, top it off with a pile of noodles, then let it fry!

Mongols has 4 types of meat to choose from: pork, beef, chicken, and turkey.  It looks like they also offer lamb.. I guess it depends on the day.  Just make sure you flatten the meat in order to maximize bowl space.  They also have a decent variety of vegetables to choose from.

So why doesn't Mongols meet expectation? 

First, the final product is way too watery.  Maybe they put too much sauce in the bowl.. or maybe they're not cooking it long enough to let the water evaporate from the frozen meat.  Either way, I don't think there should be such a large puddle of juice in my plate.

Second, the quality of the ingredients could be better.  I've been spoiled by Mongolian BBQ restaurants with fresh cuts of meat, and I know all about the trademark rolls of frozen meat.  I can live with that..

Finally, the bread and soup that come with combo are not worth extra cost.  The sesame rolls were stale while the soup was bland.  Really disappointed with this..

I love Mongolian BBQ, and while it's nice to have a place that's so close, I think I'll wait to get my fix.
I've had Mongolian BBQ before but you should have seen my reaction as I saw the guy next to me literally use both of his hands to compress pieces of beef, lamb and chicken into his bowl. You know when people perform CPR and they pump the victim's chest to try to restart the heart? Well imagine someone doing that same motion but the chest is a mass of meat in a bowl. Looking down at my what-I-thought-was-a-full-bowl, I could tell that I was but a rookie in this all-you-can-cram eating scene. 

The sign out front says about $7.80 +tax for all you can cram. That's basically all there is to it. They also have combos, but as I did come here for the BBQ I decided against it this time. I paid and got what I came for: a steaming, spicy mass of chicken, beef, lamb, vegetables and noodles. I will be coming back to practice my cramming technique using both hands and a lot more pressure! No doubt I'll get my money's worth next time!
A few thoughts to start:

1. This restaurant is listed under "Asian Fusion".  What is this a fusion of exactly?
2. Is this really what mongols eat?  Makes sense they're dead.
3. I'm pretty sure this is the same as the mongoloid bbq they sell in the mall.  


The last time I ate mongoloid bbq here I was on the toilet for a few days following.  Normally this doesn't piss me off too much, because I'm used to eating crap food with crap people.  I had snorted some oxy before going to eat here, thinking that would stop up my system enough to handle mongoloid food.  Apparently this food trumps any sorts of narcotics in your system.  It was like turning on the fire hydrant when I got home.  

The decor of this restaurant is not very awesome.  It's the kind of place where if you were molested by a vagrant smelling of rotten milk and feet, you probably would feel silly reporting it.  It's best to just close your eyes, go somewhere else mentally, and hope it's all over quickly.  

Bon appetite!
So we tried this place....it was horrible.  Yes, price is good.  We have definitely been to better.  There was no flavor and had been to places that had way more vegetable choices and sauces.  Never will go there again.
for 5-6 bucks this is enough for two meals.  you can add whatever  combo if meat, veggies, noodles, and sauces you want and they grill it up for you.  evne though it comes w/ noodles they still give you a styrofoam box of steamed rice!  

the secret to maximizing the amount of meat & veggies on your plate is the following: press thinly shaved and partially frozen meat into the bottom of your bowl.  the meat is usually a bit curly and doesn't lay flat, so you should take the tongs and press the meat so that the curl becomes a fold and flattens the meat!  then add the veggies that you want, strategically pushing down the contents of your bowl after each addition.   top it off w/ noodles and hand it off to the cook.
This place is very good! It is similar to a Mongolian BBQ, where there is a buffet of raw meats, veggies, and sauces. The (big) difference is that the sauces and things are not just Asian. Instead, they have all kinds of cuisines. You can get a hamburger patty or ribs, or grill some chicken and add it to pasta with alfredo sauce. One of my favorites was the beef with peppers, onion, and cheese - a Phily cheesesteak! Neat. I thought the ingredients were good, and all my food came out well.

We went during the week, so it was not incredibly busy. The cooks were very friendly, joking with the crowd around the large grill. The service was slow, but apparently the computers were down  - they ran our credit card through one of the old carbon copy devices! This restaurant is attached to the Providence Place Mall, so parking is convenient (though you have to pay a little cash).

In short? Do not come here if you are not confident that you can combine ingredients to make something tasty. If you know your way around a kitchen, though, then have at this place! The variety of food and the number of options really make this restaurant stand out.
Walked in to a half empty restaurant on a Saturday night and were told we would have to wait 15 minutes. There were literally 10-12 tables open. If you can't even seat us in a timely fashion, how can you serve us well? We left without eating. Unimpressed.
Nice, clean Mongolian Grill (I've been to some dumps elsewhere).  The atmosphere is really nice for a place on the Ave, spacious seating, etc.  They've changed their policy on bowls sizes about 10 times, but it doesn't really matter.  You get a ton of food for less than 10 bucks.

The usual selections of meats, sauces, etc, with complimentary rice (you don't need any extra sides).  It's always been well-managed and full stocked, lines not too long.  The sauces are kept hot for post-grilling application--a good move for less burnt food.
Haven't been here in a while, but looking to go back soon.  Definately can split a bowl to help with the cost, but have to be sneaky about trying to smash all you can in your bowl.  Look for the flatter peices of frozen meat to start off with, and then as your piling on your veggies, use another bowl to discretely smash the contents down!  Don't let them catch you though, as its not allowed (but not sure what they would do).  Hand off the bowl to the person behind the counter, choose your sauces (house sauce is good if you are unsure), and in about a five minute wait, everything comes back fully cooked and ready to go!
I've been to Mongolian grills across the country and this one has the biggest bowl by far that I have ever seen. In fact, it's a little too much. It was almost alarming to see how much food people were piling on.... welcome to America I guess. 

Sadly, the chefs did little to put my mind at ease. They pushed the food around the grill.... as if they were sweeping the ground. Maybe the bowls were simply too big and it was tiring to fry up all that food, or maybe they just sucked at cooking! I saw several dishes turn black from being burnt. 

My food buddy happens to be the least picky eater i know, and even he had to admit the food was bland. I remembered scooping heaps of sauces and juices to flavor my meal. Where did it all go?
If you're a UCLA student this place is a total gem, but if you're not, the allure wears off pretty quickly. The price is dirt cheap for the amount of food you get, but if you're not into the interactive thing this place is not for you. 

Now if you are, here's what you should know. You can get a feast for under ten dollars. And, if you don't have a HUGE appetite you'll have leftovers. You walk into this place and choose either the combo, which comes with soup, rice and a drink or you can just get the bowl itself. 

After you order: You're given a tray and a tiny empty bowl and then, destiny is placed in your hands. The key to this place, is learning how to stack as much raw food into a tiny bowl as you can, without it falling out. The reason you must master this is because you're charged the same price no matter how much or little you take. 

The meats are frozen and take up a lot of room so this is good to know in advance, especially if you like a lot of veggies. I do, so I put the veggies in the bowl first and then stack the frozen meats on top. When you get to the end of your options a man takes the bowl from you, plops noodles on top of your masterpiece, and asks if you'd like it mild, medium or spicy. 

Go for the spicy. It's not really spicy and tell him you want the works (meaning garlic). Without these things the dish can be bland and you'll just have a bad first experience. Once the "noodle person" seasons your dish, they then throw it on a hot grill and cook it to perfection. 

Don't be sad when a few veggies fly off the grill. It happens every time and you just have to look at them as "the ones that didn't make it". Trust me the first time I went there and saw my piece of zucchini fly off the grill, I almost cried inside. You work so hard to fit everything in the bowl, so it's a bit disappointing to see any of it fall to the floor but you just have to get over it. 

The meal is pretty great, has a lot of spice if you get it spicy with garlic and will keep your motor running for a least a few hours. I always have some leftovers ... so I eat them cold later. (I know gross right) But that's the kind of place Mongols in Westwood is -- good, cheap food that you can eat cold later. 

This place is great for a college kid and perfect if your looking for a quick meal. But if you're looking for topnotch quality or fancy schmancy you're just not going to find it here. It's not that kind of place. It's casual, fast and affordable for all.

I give this place three stars because it's not amazing food, yet it's also no bad food. You won't necessarily crave it all the time, but it will hit the spot when you go there. If you're in Westwood by UCLA this place is worth the visit.
Free stir-fry from the company website on your birthday (+/- 1 week) if you sign up for Club Mongo!!!

I've been to this location a few times, and it is okay. Actually, it was one of the first places I ate when visiting Ann Arbor for recruitment, so I have fond memories of grabbing dinner with my dad here. This isn't real Mongolian BBQ, but if you're not a snob about it, the food you can get is pretty tasty.

Never met a griller here I didn't like. The waitstaff is usually friendly and attentive, but I did get one waitress who was a little annoyed that I had a free birthday stirfry--she must have assumed I wasn't going to tip, but really the $ I saved with the coupon I put directly into her tip... even though she didn't deserve it.... but I digress.

Anyway, this place is okay.
I didn't enjoy the food or the experience.

The food was poor quality, according to my taste. Most of the ingredients on the bar were frozen, and the sauces had that chemical, mass-produced taste (and after-taste, that lasted for hours). The rice was horrible, probably some frozen rice that hadn't been properly reconstituted, so the grains were hard and undercooked.

The experience can be fun for some, but I do not enjoy standing in line after every few bites of food. The bowls are very small, so you eat a few bites, and stand in line again waiting for the food to be cooked.

My husband and I are vegetarian, so every time they would cook our food on the grill, they would take a lot of care to clean it first. That was very nice of them, but I did not enjoy feeling "special" and slowing down the line. Luckily, it was not crowded that evening.

The service was good, everybody at the Lafayette location was nice, attentive, and hard working.
Good enough food.  Lots of it.  Good deal for students.  Quick enough for lunch.
mmm mongolian bbq is oh so good. this place brings back great memories. i used to come here when i had a craving for stir-fried noodles and didn't feel like getting thai food or anything else in westwood. you pay upfront for the bowl and then help yourself to as much raw meat and veggies as you can fit in it. 

the trick is to fill your bowl with your choice of meats first, then use your napkin (or bare hands if you prefer) and push the meat as far down as you can get it. so now you can add more meat on top of it! i usually fill the meat up to the rim of the bowl, then pack on all the veggies i can fit until there's a huge mound of food sitting on top of my bowl. 

at the end of the line, a guy working at the restaurant will put on all the sauces for you - you can tell him if you want garlic, onions, etc. and how spicy you want your meal to be. and the crazy thing is, even if you think you've packed on as much meat and veggies as possible onto your bowl and couldn't possibly add anything more, that guy can still somehow fit a generous serving of noodles on top of everything.

then just stand back and watch the cooks cook your meal on the grill right in front of your eyes. the great thing is they serve you your food in a take-out box already, so when you're done eating and still have over half your food left.. all you have to do is close your box and take it with you as you leave.

on a side note, the first time i came here, i thought the door was one of those automatically sliding open doors, but i quickly found out that you actually have to manually slide open the door yourself. remember that before you stand outside looking like an idiot for a minute or two.
I use to go here when I lived in Providence and commuted to Boston. I really enjoyed it and had fond memories of the food and the restaurant so I went recently for my birthday. 
I didn't remember the young crown being here then. It was a bit of a meat market and it was crowded. It was a Friday night though. Back when I came regularly I would come during lunch time. There are fewer people and the lunch prices are cheaper. I wasn't offended by the funky bright colors and the corrugated metal decor. It hasn't changed much since it opened. Car really didn't like the place and told me he'd never come back. That seriously bummed me. 
I had been worried because neither C nor K are stir fry fans but I discovered that they served hamburgers too and had been comforted. I think that the fact that they had to muscle their way through the crowd of people and wait in line to be served their food really annoyed them. I understand, I guess. I think they were expecting a regular restaurant but oh well. 
Their are tons of choices here. There are all sorts of meats, cheeses, vegetables and starches to choose from. In fact F&I have more than they used to including more sauces to put on the food to cook extra plastic cups if you want some to carry to your table, extra condiments like fresh ginger, soy sauce, hot sauce and more. The only complaint I have is that they don't have a list of things that are guaranteed to be on the buffet counters. I mean they're going to have boneless skinless chicken and onions and carrots and certain sauces, right? Why not post at least the basics on their website? I
C called for a reservation at 7:30. We made it but C had to park the car. The host asked us if we'd like to wait for him before sitting down. I decided we should wait, K hates making those decisions. Finally I asked the hostess if we could sit when it became a bit late. C came in as we ordered our drinks. I have to say that every employee we met there was polite and helpful. At least I found them to be that way. Our waitress was a little bit ditzy but since it's pretty much serve-yourself she didn't have a big job to do. 
We went up en masse to the buffet counters. The guys darted to the meat and I to the vegetables. 
The counters are arrange thusly: salad counter, then the soup counter, vegetable counter for the cooked items, then the meats and cheeses, next was the sauce counter, at the end the ice cream dessert counter. Be warned, people are pretty selfish and unaware when serving themselves. I'm not shy and I was that person that wasn't going to wait 5 minutes for you to dully look at decide what you were going to eat. Before I even approached the counters I reviewed what they had and made a quick plan that it would be an asian type dish with noodles. That narrows down the ingredients so I can quickly take what I need. I darted between people but not too obnoxiously, waiting politely for people who looked like they knew what they were doing and needed a bit of time to snag what they wanted. 
I could tell that the guys were annoyed when we waited at the grill. It made me nervous but I had approached that counter where you place your food bowl and sauce bowl later than they. Their meat was already on the grill. The grill masters direct you to where you should wait. They take 5 to 9 meals and place them in rows on the grill. They don't take your sauce until the meat is almost cooked. It can be uncomfortable waiting for your dinner like Oliver next to a total stranger. Usually I grin like a total idiot. It gives people pause and they won't look me in the eye. 
We sat down and began to eat. I knew C was irritated. I told him that I had wanted to get a salad but I was so hungry that I was going to eat and forget about the salad. He'd wolfed down his burger which he said was okay, and asked me what I liked on my salad. I told him EVERYTHING barring tofu. I am so easy. So he got up despite my protestations and took his plate and made a humungous salad! What a sweetie! I asked K to help me eat it because it was that big. 
As we ate I asked the guys what they thought and told them of my previous experiences here. They were not impressed. They said the food was alright but they wanted table service. They didn't want to get up and deal with the crowd of people.
I think I should have told them what to expect and given them pointers before going. I think I should have chosen to go there another time when it wasn't so crowded. I also believe if I go there again with them I will go when we are not planning on going to see a movie so we can have time to sit and eat.
I gave this place 4 stars because they were not happy but it wasn't the restaurant's fault. Their expectations had been different. I still like this place. And if you go visit their website. It won't help a lot but you may get few ideas to help you make your way around and plan for the visit.
Basically you pay $6+ dollars for a bowl and you shove in as much food into that bowl as you possibly can. There are thinly sliced, curled pieces of meat to choose from which is quite clever; the curled pieces of frozen meat take up space in your bowl. There are an assortment of veggies and the noodles are last. You then place your bowl on a shelf from right to left and there's even a note on the window stating something along the lines of, "Use the sauces on top of your bowl to help differentiate your bowl from the others."

It was astonishing how some people managed to defy gravity with their 6-7" tall bowls piled high with a heap of noodles. No shame! There were greasy noodles and veggies all over the floor. If a couple noodles tip over from your bowl that's waiting on the shelf, the cook will scrape it off the shelf and add it to your bowl when grilling.

This shop is more ghetto than a street food vendor in Asia. The food is pretty tasty though.
You know those Mongolian noodle places you see at malls? Apparently, there are actual restaurants in LA! So cool!

For those who know nothing about these Mongolian noodle places: everyone gets a standard size bowl. Then you load it up with all the meats and vegetables you want without overspilling. At Mongols, the staff will then top your bowl with noodles and sauces, and lastly, stir fry everything in the huge open grill. 
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=11PkjDT7RpWm044j9sJYqA)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=oIrdpbSOMifesdfo3xPKBA)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=Ya8YLcr_iywGfISS_CKYCw)

The best part about this (at least for me) is seeing how much ingredients you can pile on. This is where creativity and physics come into play. My sister and I spend about 10 minutes working on our tower. We asked the worker to give us extra noodles, even though we knew we won't be able to finish it. Our dish came out almost twice as big! Haha. Yum!!
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=p2UHAII-hr77DEfDXWPmig)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T42uQiJVIUqTTWMmkQtDiQ?select=5hdAp6lReq4a9Ka4kXRCPA)
It was your typical Mongolian grill type of place, but everything seemed....dirty. Before we even walked in, the door was so dirty, neither of us wanted to touch the door. All the serving utensils were sticky, the rice scooper was floating in a bucket of water with little bits of rice all over the place, and it wasn't exactly in the greatest part of town. 

There is a great variety of veggies and you can take as much food as you want, but the meat was so frozen that it was a challenge to get it out of the tray and put it into our bowls. The sauces were good, I have no complaint there, but we just got this "dirty" vibe and decided we'd never go back.
First you pick a flavor from their list of choices and designate what level of spice you want.  Then you get a bowl and a tray and go to town.  They have a selection of beef, pork, chicken, a lot of veggies, tofu, pineapple, etc.  They say not to pack your bowl, but it's hard not to.  Once you're done creating your mini food mountain, you hand over the bowl to the Wok Master and he cooks it all up with noodles and adds a side of rice if you want.  

The meal is tasty, and I always leave very full.  This is the spot i love to got to when I'm making the six hour trip from So-Cal to San Francisco.   Flame Bay may have a questionable name, but the food is good and they have a nice selection of domestic and imported beer that keeps me coming back.
Ehh I come here with my friends sometimes. It's cheap and you get a HUGE portion (if you want to) so it's a good value. However, that's where quality suffers. Let's be honest: it's frozen meat. It's not that good. However, once you cover it up with noodles and veggies and spicy sauce it tastes ok. It's very salty which is annoying, but hey, it covers up the meat. Overall, good value, lacking quality/flavor. Come here if you're hungry, not to get an authentic mongolian BBQ experience
If you're ever craving some meat and don't want to travel out of Westwood, this is the place to go! It's pretty much like any other Mongolian BBQ place you see in the malls where they cook your food in front of you on the round hot stone. 

You pack your own bowl with raw meat and veggies, then at the end of the line one of the guys will pack on a ton of noodles for you. I always pack my meat up to what I think is the bowl's maximum capacity, but they somehow always manage to add on another bowl's worth of noodles on top. This place is not stingy at all!!

The only thing I don't like is that they'll add in all the sauces for you and it's hard to tell them exactly how much of which sauce you want...but overall this place is still great!
Thumbs up!  

I vouch for as much as I can funnel in a bowl , and take home to have the next day.
I love this place.  It's heaven.  I had a friend visit and I took her everywhere, all the classic LA places and this was her favorite.  I've been going to Mongol's for over 10 years.  The portions are enormous, the noodles are phenomenal, it's just one of my favorite places.  Plus, because it's so hot off that giant wok, it's stays hot if you want it to-go.
Right now I am laying on my bed, as full as one can get. Usually at the Mongolian Grill places I have been to it is all you can eat. Also, you need to make sure a couch is available in the near future for moving around can be a painful experience. 

But at Ruzhen you only get one bowl for about $9, and this sucker is huge. There is no way I would go and get a refill after eating one of these, though a refill is definitely a good deal if you can eat that much. After filling it with a lot of chicken, a lot of noodles, and a lot of fresh veggies, I still had a lot of room left over. So naturally, I went and filled it up some more.

Despite being such a good deal, I had the same problem as Kimberley where I could not taste the sauces that I put on it. I wanted the medium and added the amount they recommended. I don't know if I added enough (again, I added what they recommended) but I could not taste the flavor of the sauces. If I come here again, which seems likely, I will make sure I will add more than what the sign recommends and see if it is because the bowl was so big you needed more.

I also wanted to point out that the cute cashier girl was really nice and the place was spacious, so I could go and eat like a pig in the corner and not worry about someone next to me judging me.

Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
Wow im shocked to see a few really bad reviews about this place! Im a huge fan of Fire & Ice, the only downside is you could end up with something on your plate you didn't pick out because everyone's food is cooked so close together, not a big deal for me but for some people it could be. But every time i have gone here the service has been great, the drinks yummy and strong and the food was delicious!!
Great food in hole in wall of university village.  Pack on as much as you can and watch out for the hot sauce.  Its really hot.  Perfect low budget big meal place for any coed.
The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant is fun and inviting. The food is pretty tasty as well and buffet style is cool because you get more for your money. The service was good our waitress tried to be accommodating, however we don't believe she had a lot of knowledge about the actual menu. We also got secluded in the corner while being seated, away from the chefs cooking our meal where all the action is.
This was probably the worst restaurant I went to and I mean it.

First off, the interior is HORRENDOUS! It's like there was a mini-amusement park beforehand and  didn't want to spend money to renovate it! 

Second off, seeing the raw meat sitting in metal containers on top of ice made me nervous. I saw other people mentioning contamination and all and understood where they came from on that. 

Third off, in my chicken I had little pieces of bones TWICE. You know how frustrating it is when your eating "chicken breast" but have your teeth bite into a bone the next second? Man... this part definitely bombed my experience. It was pretty much the nuke, no joke.
I love this place so much. So very, very much. I go to school across the street, so it's a really convenient place to stop by for lunch. The people working there are super nice! There's a nice variety of vegetables, three or four meats (I generally don't get meat in mine, so I don't pay much attention to this aspect), yummy egg noodles, and maybe 7~9 sauces for you to mix/choose from! It gets pretty messy stacking everything together, but hey - delicious food is messy food.

The price is really worth it depending on how high you stack your bowl. It's around $6~$6.50 for meat-less noodles, ~$7 for meat + noodles. Remember to line up your taller veggies or your meats along the side of the bowl. Then add your sauces. Then stack the noodles on top! This allows more room for the noodles to sit in rather than topple over & it prevents the sauce from getting all over the place. & don't skimp on the sauce or you might end up with flavorless noodles. :)

Pros:
- Delicious food for a nice price.
- Friendly staff.

Cons:
- Crowded at lunch time. Come around 30 min before noon and you'll be fine. :) 

Can't wait for the semester to start again so that I can come back for some more!
The idea behind this grill is awesome but the quality of food is bad. The food was cooked on a super hot 'grill' which caused the noodles to burn. And there was a baseline aftertaste which was very unpleasant. The ingredients themselves looked relatively fresh but not necessarily super appetizing. The staff was super helpful and provided good service.
I've been going to this place since I was a kid and I'm still a fan. Great food, crappy decor. They have changed a little bit over the years, they will no longer let you pile up the noodles on your own. They guard them with a sharp tongued employee with a pair of tongs, so don't mess around. Speaking of employees the lady at the register knows how say only one thing, "EIGHT NINTY-FIVE", which is the cost of your meal with a drink. Besides the lukewarm greeting and the battle at the end of the line, everything is great. I usually pack my bowl with the frozen lamb, which I believe to have the most flavor, and compress it down hard with my fist. The veggies are fresh and in abundance so I pile those on too. If you don't mind shoveling down some great food in a place that looks like a Tijuana sweatshop, then make sure you stop on by.
I ate here on Friday night and I can still taste garlic (it's Monday).  Overpowering to say the least.  It's too bad because the food itself actually looked decent.
When someone first told me about Fire and Ice, my mind instantly raced to the episode of "Seinfeld" where Kramer describes his idea for pizza place.  Kramer's pizza place was one where people would make their own pizza and fire the pie directly into the oven.  Probably not the best idea.  Fire and Ice is kind of like that except you are never put near the flame.

I had never been to any one of these franchises, so the idea of picking all of your ingredients, giving them to someone, having them cook them, and then bringing them to your table kind of sounded like going to a restaurant having picked out some raw ingredients from market, and then hoping that the chef behind the counter would be able to make something of that.  This is something like that but a little more refined.

When you go into Fire and Ice, the dcor is very modern and the staff give you a very limited menu, the reason for which will become apparent very quickly.  Once your drinks arrive, you're instantly ushered to the main dining area.  This is where you find the ingredients.  Huge displays of fresh vegetables, fresh meats, fish and chicken are available for you to select and throw into a bowl not unlike typical salad bars, but with more frozen meats and sausages.  Admittedly, that sentence does not make it sound inviting.  It does get better.

Once selected, you take your bowl to the cooking station where a chef gives you a number in exchange for the ingredients that you have determined will make your meal.  Your number ticket is placed on your table so that the servers will know is eating what.  Once cooked, your ingredients and the sauce that you selected are brought to your table piping hot and ready for consumption.  So really and truly, if your meal sucks you're the one to blame.  There's no hanging it on the chef this time.  You are in charge of your destiny.  Such is the name of the restaurant would indicate.
This place is really awesome. You get so many leftovers, like it will feed you for days. They have several sauces you can put on top in the end which is nice. I really love this place and will be coming back.
No surprises; a pretty standard Mongolian Grill. Everybody has their own Mongolian Grill technique; here's mine:
- Select a bowl. Preferably, one without congealed raw meat stuck to the outside. (Yes, that's happened. More than once.)
- Fill it at least halfway with packed-down meat. You can mix and match, but I prefer to stick with a single kind to allow uniform cooking time.
- Fill it the rest of the way with vegetables. Large quantities of a few vegetables, rather than a bit of everything.
- Add sauces. Try to get all flavors -- salty, tangy, hot, sweet. Use more than you think you'd need, particularly for the soy.
- Add a pile of noodles.
- After cooking, add more sauce to taste. Stir well and dig in.

The new management has kept things pretty similar, even though they seem to have gotten a whole new set of employees. The guy at the grill seemed competent enough; there were a few charred bits, but the meat was sliced thinly enough that I didn't mind terribly.
I've been coming to this place for the last twenty years, or so, and although it's a good place to bring a group, the food quality isn't as high as it was back then.  Still, with its build-your-own stir fry, and all-you-can-eat, it can be a good value.
I gave this place 2 stars for a couple of reasons. 

One: The place is very old and needs some renovations
Two: You do not get to put your own meat they fill your plate up with flakes of meat so there is not enough room for the vegetables.
Three: The vegetables are cut up really small. The carrots are shaved and even the water chestnuts are cut into little pieces!!!
Fourth: You have to put your own sauces. They give you a description of how much to put of each but in all honesty they know how to do it better
Fifth: The garlic isn't even real garlic it's something you shake out of a salt shaker!!!

 Overall my plate came out to be good because I got lucky in the amount of sauce I added, but my boyfriends food was not so flavorful.

I wouldn't recommend you wasting your time here when their are better places close by
Mongols has never disappointed me, for $8.27 you get a soda and as much food as you can fill in your bowl! My friend Jose N described the process of putting the food in your bowl perfectly! They have great customer service and make sure that you are happy. Remember to tip the cook!
Parking: Metered
Ho hum standard mongolian bbq place. Hit the spot fine with lots of veggies yay but was very oily... I don't know why but staff has to put on the noodles & oil/seasonings for you, and no I didn't want 2 big scoops of oil. Very quick & filling meal for about $8 though, I was even too stuffed for Diddy Riese after!

YES they take credit card!
The concept is nothing new, just a tacky rendition of a mongolian bbq place... There are far better places like this to eat in the Bay Area and I expect in southern California as well, but is, to my knowledge, the only place like this around town. 

The sauces are grrrrrreat though, I must admit. I don't go here often because it's not great, but still good if I need that craving satisfied.
Now this is the way to cook - choose your meats and veggies and sauce and let someone else do the actual cooking and clean up! I love it! My kids like watching their food being cooked and the food itself is fine.
No service, no friendliness, but man what a deal! You get a mountain of food; basically as much raw food as you can stuff into a bowl, and they cook it in front of you and off you go to eat. The workers aren't friendly at all and god help you if you need anything. But if you're broke and hungry, you can't beat this place.
I tried this place because of all the great reviews...
however...
i would NEVER eat here again

it just seemed really dirty.
the food was DISGUSTING
it had no flavor whatsoever
they serve you greasy wontons
& shrimp..you know the one that you buy at Costco
& they serve it with ketchup & mustard.

It was bad. Trust me on this one fellow yelpers.
We had a great server paul g who was so attentive.  Foods was decent.  Lots to choose from.
***2.5***

all i can say is PACK THE BREATH MINTS!

ive eaten here on 2 occasions, the second of which was better than the first.

the first time i went it was on a weekend if i remember correctly, either way, it was for dinner.  i thought the whole concept was really cool, you pick what you eat, put sauce on it that you want and voila! you have yourself your own meal.  great for the creative type.  but i myself, am not so much, at least when it comes to food.  make me something. make it delicious and im happy.  the sauces are just okay, kind of small range, im not big on barbeque or teriyaki but oh well...

well, the second time around i felt like i had the hang of it. i knew exactly what i wanted because i had tried it out before.i dove into the veggies and chicken and watched as my chef chopped up my food on the huge grill ... certainly a sight to see. the only reason i went a second time was i had a friend come to rhode island with me and he had never been to a place like this (the other option was cheescake factory).  we went for lunch and thats the only other time i would ever go. it gets SO CROWDED especially at night with birthday parties and stuff.

so, i left both times with my breath smelling terrible. be prepared for garlic breath -- REGARDLESS of whether you ate garlic or not -- and make sure you dont have to go to a meeting or something else after because you just smell. (especially your clothes, they have that restauranty-smell)
I have only one other prior experience with Mongolian BBQ and this seemed to be a decent experience. My friend who came with and knows her Mongolian says it was good - so let's go with that.

Located in Westwood Village, Mongols is one of those hole-in-the-wall little eateries. Absolutely no frills, no decor, no ambiance etc... In fact it looks rather sketchy but sometimes these little places are the best finds in the city. (not to say this one is)

It's all you can eat 'once' but the bowl they give you to fill for cooking is on the smaller side so there is major portion control thing going on. This probably has something to due with the college crowd and all you can eat - hungry students :)

Once you put your frozen meat of choice in the bowl... it's already full. They say stack it but that is easier said than done. I will say that the garlic/oils/spices area is rather messy. Couldn't hurt to wipe that area down occasionally guys!

All in all a decent meal - $10 includes a soda.
Affordable, pub meets tepanyaki meets Mongolian BBQ meets salad bar meets ice cream bar.  If you can get over the seussical decor, food offerings are approachable since its all you can eat, cooked for you variety that includes burgers, stir fry, pasta, fish, chicken, pork, tofu, ribs/beef.  $9.99 gets you as much smorgasbord as you can handle so I can see why hungry college crowd would hang around the bar (food or alcohol).  Great for picky kids.  Loud (noise AND decor), really friendly servers.  Not a foodies place, but certainly not your average chain.  I'd rather eat there than. Dave and Busters...
This is my first review for a special place for me. This is where I had a great date with current bf (now husband). We watched Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, then we ate here. Funny enough this was the first and last time we ate here. Then next time we come here we'll propose to management to erect a shrine.

It's in the middle of Westwood Village so it's really great when you're shopping, drinking or just cruising the village. From what I remember about the food is that it is a lot spicier than Genghis Khan or that other Mongolian place at the Del Amo mall. You can pile on meat and no one complains. Meaning, smoosh it on, make that mountain of meat.

As far as taste goes, not too spicy and not to dull. Nothing stands out as unique but nonetheless, I can see why this place can be very addicting.
Mongols is pretty much like the Mongolian bbq places you see at food courts in the mall except they're much less stingy. Here, you get your own bowl and you can stuff it with as much meat and vegetables as you can. What I usually do is take a napkin and press the meat down into the bowl so I can fit more. My cousin likes to arrange the meat in order to maximize the space in her bowl. Either way, they're not going to tell you that you can't, so you end up getting the most for your money. After your bowl is already brimming with raw food, they pile noodles on top of all that, until your bowl is a giant balancing act. I also love any of the sauces they put in it. I have no idea what they are, but they are hella good. 

I love watching them cook my noodles with their giant chopsticks. The cooks do a sort of dance around the grill. When you get your food, it's fresh off the grill. Amazing. I always end up with so much noodle that I have to pack half of it to go. Two meals for the price of one.

I don't know if it's changed, but we used to be able to choose from a variety of sides. The sides were not good, but they came with the meal anyway, so I'm not really complaining. 

The restaurant itself is kind of dingy. The customer service is not fantastic - the servers don't speak English very well, so it's a little hard to communicate. But the food is amazing, and that's what I go for.
This is my FAVORITE Mongolian BBQ place.  There's something about it that's way better than any of the other ones I have been to.  I think it's in the noodles!  

I agree that the interior isn't fantastic, but for me the food more than makes up for it (and normally I'm anal about clean, perfect restaurants).  I seriously dream about the food from here and crave it often!

I wish the bowls were a little bigger and I'm not fond of the tip jar next to the cooks--but of course, nowadays, there are tip jars everywhere.  (I don't tip the cooks in other restaurants for doing their job--cooking--so why should these people get tipped?  Of course, I'm also anti-tipping at Starbucks.)  

At any rate, the food is fantastic and I give this restaurant five stars because of how delicious it is.  The fact that I've tried Mongolian BBQ in a lot of other places and I still like this one the most counts a lot in my book!
I guess I should try this place again with all the good reviews.  But, when my wife and I went near dinnertime a couple months ago it really turned us off.  Empty places always make me a bit skeptical unless I know better, which I still don't yet.  As most people noted, the decor won't really draw you in either.  That leaves food and service.  But, the food was on its last leg, bottom of barrel kind of leftovers.  I'm guessing cuz it was later and they're a lunch place?  No biggie until we asked if the guy could freshen up the meats a bit and he comes over, picks at it a bit, and asks what was wrong.  Kinda condescending like too.  That's all we needed to see and left and haven't come back.  I hope they win me over cuz I love mongolian bbq.
Amazing food, even better service ;). I walked in thinking, "this place looks sketchy at best," but I was shocked to see how good the food was and if you choose to ignore the blatant USC colors of the walls (blasphemy!) and the lone (and very strange) painting, the place isn't that bad.
My husband and I have been driving past this place for a while now and every time he says "We should try Go Fresh."
You can't go wrong. Pick your meat, veggies and sauce and cram as much as you can in a teeny bowl, then had it off to two guys slaving over a big hot grill thingie and Voila you have Mongolian BBQ.
It was pretty tasty. I made mine with the house sauce and a teeny bit of the chili sauce. 
Cheap and fast can't go wrong.
ahhhhh its been 8 months since it closed :(. i was so sad when i found out. i use to come here almost everyday. it was my favorite place in slo. i really dont know why they closed. This place was awesome. Hopefully they come back.
I was really looking forward to a Mongolian grill as I have gone to the Golden tent in Vancouver WA for some time and recently been moved to Seattle for my job.
Anyways reasons it was such a letdown is food was bland sauce was watered down. I mean the garlic sauce had no garlic in it.  The cooks were cool though but the food was just to bland.
I've been to multiple mongolian grills and have usually enjoyed them. I like that you can choose whether you want a meat, fish, or vegetarian meal and completely customize the ingredients down to the sauces. Granted, they use the same grill for everything, so some vegans & vegetarians may not be down with that. 

I'm not sure what made this one slightly worse than others. I followed the sauce instructions and then added lots of extra garlic and lots of extra spicy stuff just like I always do, but I couldn't taste any of the sauce. They offer a ton of additional sauces which I haven't seen previously at a mongolian grill (curry, plum sauce, etc.) but none of them seemed to salvage the flavor.

The atmosphere was nothing to write home about but that's true of most places on the ave. The bathroom stall was small enough that I initially couldn't fit into it with my backpack on and had to remove it and hover it on my lap so as not to set it on the questionable ground. 

I can only assume it has something to do with the ingredients themselves. I don't know enough about vegetables to glance at one and determine whether it's fresh or what its origin is, but these ones tasted somehow dry and old and not-fresh. 

There were only a few people in the place when I went at 5:30pm on a weeknight and I walked by other packed restaurants so it doesn't seem like the overall "meh" sentiment of yelpers differs from the non-yelper sentiment. 

If you haven't been to a mongolian grill before, don't judge the concept based on this place.
I really wish Yelp would toss in the option for half stars. Mongols has been in Westwood for seemingly ever. Back in my starving student days, I'd march in there like a man on a mission - pack as much meat down in that little bowl as possible, carefully pile up the veggies then pour on the wet noodles. 

I hadn't been to Mongols in ages so I popped by for lunch...this trip down memory lane left me feeling old (not surprisingly). I couldn't finish the plate because it was saltier than an NSF charge over a matter of cents. My stomach can't handle food like this any more, but it is perfect for college students on tight budgets and shrinking stomachs. Everyone else, spare the extra buck or two and eat healthier elsewhere.
Build your own Mongolian BBQ and watch it being cooked on their giant round hotplate of sorts.  Hygene is questionable but the food hits the spot and you'll have enough leftovers for the next day or 2.  CASH ONLY
Worst Mongolian BBQ ever!
I havent been to this place for a couple of years but when i went it was horrible. You werent able to pile on the amount of meat you want, there were no noodles, and its just dark and gloomy in there! i havent been there since and i really do regret ever eating there.
Don't eat here, the place is unsanitary. I walked out mid order because the look of the buffet was disturbing. Meats mixed with veggies, food on the floor, filthy all around.

I told the hostess that I just couldn't bear to eat here, he replied "yes I understand".

Who cares if it is $10.00 all you can eat on a Monday. Eating here will guarantee you food poisoning.
Man I used to own this place.

I'd hold up the line unrolling every slice of meat and packing it into a bowl.  Just keep stuffing the bowl till it was more than full (I guess using a bowl would have been the smart thing to do, I would use my napkin and press till the bars would break). Sprinkle some onions and tomatos. Then top it off with noodles. Get the hot sauce and you have perfection.

The only reason it isnt 5 stars for me was that the rival Mongolian joint on Wilshire and Bundy (it's gone now) would cook and load everything. You could walk away with more bowls of food than you walked up to the cook with. Mongols chucks it. Booooo.
Mongols is so much more than a place for grub for some UCLA coeds. Mongols serves up inexpensive and delicious Mongolian BBQ. 

If you are looking for a great, greasy, filling noodle dish Mongols can't be beat. They basically have three options, one noodle meal without a drink, but with a soup and bread, one with a drink, and a la carte.  You get a bowl, and you get to fill it with as much freeze-dried protein (pork, lamb, chicken, or beef) and veggies as you want. Everyone's taste is different, so it's a matter of finding your perfect combination. Personally, I love the lamb, but I love that gamy taste. I also load on the tomatoes, and loads of cilantro, something about cilantro just makes everything better, along with mushrooms, and water chestnuts.

You give them your bowl, and the professionals stack on the greasy noodles and ask you how you like your sauce. I go for spicy and garlic. In fact, once they are done cooking it up in front of you, I add more sriracha sauce and a ton of sesame seeds. It is Mongolian BBQ bliss for me.

Again, expect no frills or jazz, but expect a great tasting meal at an affordable price. However, I must caution you that you might not feel so well after -- all that spice and grease catches up with you.

Also, cash only, no cards accepted, but it will only cost you around $8-9 for your meal.
OK, right off the bat, I just want to address a few other reviewers.

To those complaining about price, 10-18 dollars (depending on which meal you go for) is really good for all you can eat, especially since you get to pick all of your own ingredients (meat, cheese, grains, fruits, veggies, sauces, etc.). Ya wanna do A.Y.C.E. cheaper than this, enjoy the Old Country Buffet there "Bubba".

To those saying it's "not original". Really???? Name one other chain restaurant that does all you can eat, let's you pick out your own uncooked ingredients, AND prepares them exactly the way you ask right in front of you!! (And no, making sandwiches out of deli meats, raw veggies and microwaved steak/chicken/bacon at subway does NOT count)

To those saying it's bland, there are spices and seasonings EVERYWHERE, if the food came out bland, it is YOUR FAULT!!

Now, after getting that out of the way, I will share my likes and dislikes.

First of all, I would have given a 4 star review, but, I went for brunch yesterday with my girlfriend and her two cousins and we were seated for FIFTEEN MINUTES before we had to ask a passing employee where our server was, because we sat down 15 minutes ago and still had not even ordered drinks yet. If they were extremely busy, we may have been OK with it, but there were more empty tables than occupied tables. UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!! 

What made matters worse, was a group of ten - that came in ten minutes after we did - gave their drink orders and hit the buffet line immediately, which meant we were stuck behind a party of ten, even though our food should have been on the grill before they even walked in. 

I would have been twice as angry about this if we hadn't paid half our tab with gift certificates that we got as Xmas gifts (and forgot we had until yesterday)

Anyway, I only have a short list of general complaints about this place. 
1.They need some type of covers for all of the food items (especially the ones that are meant to be eaten raw....which i NEVER touch, because there are always fruit flies buzzing around them)
2.Unless you are so busy that there is limited space on the grill, put a few extra inches between people's food, I don't want someone else's stuff mixed in with mine.
3.Alot of the items at the ice cream bar would go great in or on the pancakes. They should be available for such use without having to pay the extra 5 bucks for the ice cream bar (unless of course you end up getting ice cream after your meal)

Praise
1.The selection, this is the only place I can go to where I can have an omelet and a steak and cheese sub. Sweet and spicy pork fried rice with pineapple and a chocolate chip pancake with bacon (don't knock it til ya try it, it's DELICIOUS!!.....even tastier if you add mixed berries) and NOT spend an obscene amount of money.

2.Service....with the exception of the inexcusable delay when we walked in yesterday..... the servers are usually quick, friendly and informative, and the grill cooks are a really cool group, always pleasant, talkative and entertaining.
I always leave a few bucks in their tip jar (and you should too).

3.Quality. It might not be the best quality food on the planet, but there are very few (if any, now that Rodizzios is gone) buffets on the planet with ingredients with their level of quality (especially not in this price range)

Anyway, perhaps after another visit or two (if I don't go through anything like yesterday morning), they will redeem themselves and I will forgive them and add a 4th star.
I've been here so many times, I've lost count.

Out of the 3 Mongolian BBQ places I've been to, this is my favorite. 
I really like the fact that they add the sauces and garlic for you, and let me tell you, they know exactly how much to add. Unlike another M-BBQ place I've gone to, which will remain nameless (but you can find it in my other reviews ;-) ) You can add your own meat, as much as you want! 
I love the prices, very reasonable.
BEST MONGOLIAN food I have ever had. You get to make your own mongolian bbq plate and add your own ingredients before they cook it for you. The pocket biscuits are a must! LOVE THIS PLACE! Great for cold weather...
Another Americanized Mongolian grill embracing the family feedlot mentality.  If you have teenagers or need to feed the U.S. water polo team, then Fire & Ice will work.  Quantity usurps quality.
Overall...probably a hit or miss experience if you decide to go.  I had to eat here due to a business outing. So, I kept my dinner concoction simple for my first round and the cooks did a good job not over cooking it and it tasted ok.  Tried a 2nd round with the *exact same* ingredients and it tasted different and was over cooked.  It seems the busier they are the worse your food will turn out.  The good news was that the servers were attentive and were friendly. Also, I stuck with the beef options because the seafood options were barely iced and didn't look that fresh.
While at UCLA, I'd eat here pretty frequently. Since then, I still think it is the Best Mongolian BBQ I've ever had!

You can pack your bowl as high as you want, they give you a tasty little sesame roll/bread and a cup of soup with your entree, and there are jars of sesame seeds you can sprinkle liberally on your delicious Mongolian BBQ.
Ok...well, how can any establishment be perfect if it probably took a year or 2 off of my life, so 4 stars it is.

Although I was a Bear and not the neighborhood Bruin, I still managed to come here every time I came back into town.  If you are on a student's budget, this place cant be beat....by your 3rd or 4th trip you will be an expert at pounding icy cold slivers of fat (i mean pork, chicken and beef), mixing in some other fat (i mean veggies?) and then topping it off with a heaping pile of noodles (i hope those were noodles).  Once you get your goods all locked and loaded you hand it over to the mongolian maestros who get the pleasure of being caged up for a day's shift.

Long story short....as creative as you think you were, give them about 3 minutes and they will turn your bowl of pounded carcass into the exact same mixture of mild yet delicious mongolian bbq that you mixed each and every time.

Happy grilling!
A fun place, it's not a gourmet masterpiece, but I always enjoyed going when I went to Providence.  It's certainly not a 1 or 2 star experience as previous reviews have given it.  I have been dozens of times and have never seen anything unsanitary. 

You basically walk in, grab a dish, mix up your meats, poultry, vegetables and sauces and they grill it.  Best suggestion I have - do small portions and trying a few different variations as opposed to how most do it - one huge portion leaving little to no room for a 2nd trip.
For the amount of food you get, this place is a total bargain. You are given a bowl to fill with a variety of frozen meats, fresh(ish) vegetables, and mongolian spices. They throw the contents of this bowl onto a large cooking slab at the center of the restaurant with some oil and orange noodles, tossing it all together for a few minutes until it's steaming hot. Now, this plate of carbs, protein, and veggies is not for the weak of heart or stomach. Come with an appetite, as they don't let you split plates!
I really like buffets so once the concept was explained to me I was really excited.  I went on a Sunday night after a really hard P-Bruins.  The place was empty no wait for a table and nobody at a table around us.  But regardless of the emptiness there was still a line at the grill.  The waiter was cool but the cooks were cooler.  I think the best part of the experience was interacting with the cooks.

The food was alright.  the sauses hou there was alot of them were mediocore.  

I got the feeling I could spend a whole evening here.  this is because I would grow more hungry watching the cooks cook adn by the time I got to eat my food the food that I got was not enough to satisfy this increaseing hunger.  I also got a feeling of guilt after my third time to the grill.  I felt like a pig for having to see these cooks a third time.  

Overall I was not the impressed but I was not depressed....I dont even want to start talking about the decor
The bartender was great. Strongest drinks ever; Very unexpected! The food was okay- My meat was very overcooked. The cooks were too busy dancing around and putting on their "act" to pay attention to my food that was burning to a crisp. The meat was chewy and my onions were charred =[
As it was explained to me, Mongolian BBQ is the modern equivalent of the days when marauding Mongol hordes would use a shield to cook communal meals for the gang.  It's not entirely clear to me how they kept all the thin sliced meat frozen during their travels, but it's a romantic image nonetheless.

Although I prefer Big Wok in Manhattan Beach as it's more upscale and all you can eat, Mongols represents the tradition reasonably well and is much closer to home.  I guess us modern mongols don't like to travel so much.
It used to be better but regardless I would eat this than any other fast food around PCC...   Been coming here for years and still enjoy it.  I wish it was as flavorful as before.  I usually stack it pretty high and squish the meat or stuff things inside the meat to save space.  Its like packing.. you really have to coordinate your food to utilize all the space in the bowl.  Lolz..  Anyways its quite filling and tastes good.
The wait during lunch time can be long. It's decent for $10. You can't grab your own noodles or sauce, but the server gives a generous amount. In all honesty, the vibe was not that good. Seemed unclean, theres not much space to eat, and I probably won't be coming back.
"Bang for the buck... if you can leave some of your pride at the door:) "
My brothers and I consider the filling of a mongols "all you can fill in a single bowl" bowl an art form. The occasional newbies that walk in will always get a decent amount of food for their money, but I fear the staff shudders when my brothers and I walk in because we terrorize their "all you can fill in one turn" buffet. They offer beef, lamb, chicken, and pork as the meat selections. Really can't go wrong in terms of meat. Don't let the weird frozen/twirled formations fool you- the meat tastes fresh and savory of the grill. Then you get all kinds of veggie options and sauce options. The noodles are exceptional. I've been looking for noodles like that at nearby grocery stores, and whether its the noodles thesmeslves or the way I cook them- I can't get my noodles tasting like Mongols. Here's a little trick: you take the frozen cylinders of meat and shape them with your fist/palm to increase the size of the ball (literally use the pieces to increase the height of the walls of the bowl). This gives you more room for even MORE meat and veggies and noodles. I recommend, when they ask you, to go for medium spiciness - I've tried all levels, the hot is a little too hot. The mild really falls a notch in flavor. 

Also you might want to make sure that you wash your hands after touching all that raw meat....and don't forget you probably touched your tray with those hands as well- so wash your hands after you're settled adn ready to eat and wont be touching your tray anymore. Honestly, god knows how much salmonella is rolling around all the chairs and tables in that joint.....

Anyway, great food- service is really a nonfactor bc you basically serve yourself. The place was recently remodeled and it looks fantastic. The prices are good.
1. No rice. what the heck...
2. They told me that I didn't know what I was talking about when I asked about the       rice and told them that it was wierd because I had jsut eaten there and had rice like 2 months before
3. It isn't very inviting
4. Parking is bleh
5. The decor needs to not be from 1982
6. The staff could be more friendly
My friends and I have been coming here for years @lunch time, we love how you have so many choices! YUM!
one of my favorite places to eat. period.
Back when I was in college, this was one of my fave places to grab a bite.  The concept itself was unique. Pay for a bowl and stuff as many items you wanted from the buffet style selection. It would then be mixed with noodles and stir fried. This place had the best tasting sauce compared to any other stir fry place I've been to.

Other than the great food, why was it so fun? Well, every time I went there it was always a game to see who could build their bowls up as high as possible w/o breaking the rules. What rules? Place as many items in the bowl provided without smashing it with another bowl or using your hands. Coming from a dominantly engineering college, imagine what people would come up with.

Here's the best technique I have found so far. Make a wall around the bowl with the frozen meats. Create a base to hold the meat against the sides. This would be a good time to add your broccoli, baby corn, and other large items that are impossible to add later. Use more meat to wedge between the bowl wall and meet wall. You have now raised the bowl walls by about an inch. Fill to your hearts pleasure! :)

PS When there's a line of about 10 people behind you staring at you with angry eyes, it's best to just grab your food and try building the mountain another day.
One of my favorite places to eat in Ann Arbor. The place is always packed and the grillers are super friendly (and lively). All ingredients seem fresh at all times and the recipes are actually quite good. Pretty phenomenal desserts as well. Make sure you stop by here.
This place is okay. I mean It's not fancy or anything.. it just looks like an typical asian fast-food place but a little different... you can choose your meat and veggie and also sauce plus pound a whole bunch og noodles into your bowl.

First of all you pay at the cash register and they give you a bowl, second you go to the meat section and fill it with as much meat as you want, but there is a sign that said " Meat cannot be over this ounce  " or something but screw that shiet no one actually cares not even the workers but they do give you that evil eye ball stare..... anyways after that you can place veggies in it I mean I try to fit a lot and a lot of things in the tiny medium bowl. .. . . . and afterwards the noodles and sauce in the end, then you place it in the coner and wait for the cook to cook it.. I mean I got a lot of food in that tiny bowl but I felt like the cook was giving me the " WTF! " face but he was still kind to me, also they give out free rice. . . . .  I don't know why but umm okay. 

Price is about $6 . . . plus taxs and everything maybe $7 or $8?? 
 
WHAT I REALLY HATE ABOUT THIS PLACE IS. . . . 
Oh my gosh . . . if you been to other Mongolian BBQ you'll know that they cook the veggie & meat seprate from the noodles so that the noodles won't get hard. BUT THIS PLACE DOESN'T! They cook everything together and when the meat plus veggie finish cooking your noodles are gross-as shiet! I would give you guys 4 stars but for the hard noodles! -1!!
After deciding on a walk around Providence's Waterfire for New Year's Eve and knowing it's proximity to Fire & Ice, I decided to have dinner there and called to make a reservation. The gentleman that answered told me that they were booked up, but had allowed space for walk-ins (I've heard that before!). 

Parking was cheap and easy at the Providence Place Mall garage ($5 flat rate on NYE, easy on and off route 95) and a quick five minute walk brought a friend and myself to Fire & Ice. 

We were seated immediately, with the place being about 80% full. Drinks and edamame were promptly delivered, along with instructions and a brief tour as to how it all worked. 

A summary; grab a bowl and fill it up with the meats and/or veggies of your choice. Choose a sauce to go with it. Bring them to the large, circular grill that the restaurant is built around and chat with others as your food is cooked in front of you (bring your drink, it will be a few minutes). When it's done and plated, go back to your seat where white rice and tortillas are waiting for you. Stuff your face. Repeat as needed. 

After starting with the salad bar we got down to business. The combinations are limitless (unless you're a math wiz). I started with a fajita-like steak, peppers and onions with a spicy szechuan sauce rolled in a tortilla. Then had a beef, chicken and veggie stir fry over rice. Both were delicious.  

The selection of meat was impressive. Beef sirloin, pork, chicken, turkey, ground beef (and patties), shrimp and calamari come to mind, but there was more (including hot dogs). Veggie selection was varied as well, with Asian selections leading the way. The sauces were all tasty, but some were too salty for my taste.

A common complaint amongst fellow yelpers was the cleanliness and presentation. Granted, things are dropped on the floor, and selections are dropped between meats and veggies in the salad bar style presentation, but that is slobby customers and the staff was hustling to keep everything clean and well stocked.  

This is a great place for people watching, more so because it was NYE. It's conveniently attached to, but not within the mall. And like I said, it is within easy walking distance to Waterfire.

I'm looking forward to going back.
Chaos.
I didn't expect to find any "ethnic food" in Lafayette, and HuHot made sure that assumption was correct.
Least Asian faux-Asian restaurant ever. Keith Haring would be proud of the "Mongolian" artwork his style must have inspired. Featureless humans forms were getting down with the boogie beat on every wall.

The cooks were dropping their spatulas and without fail, every time one of their twirly tricks went awry, it was my food that got shrapneled out into other peoples' food on the grill. The servers were spilling stuff on the table as they went by and my table-mate had an entire glass of water shlorped across his food just as he sat down. The water quickly invaded the airspace beneath the table and my shoes right after. After another waiter just stared blankly at the bowl of soup he was holding as it spilled beside me, I gave up expecting anything but to escape with my life.
Good, healthy and fast.
Not the best burned food I've ever had for $8. Dunno if it was a new chef or just close to the end of the night, but we had take out and found out the food was blender than blend, burner than burnt. Almost made it to a 2 star, if it had been 4 dollars, since we were so hungry. The third best Mongolian BBQ I've ever had, out of the 3 places I've been to in united states.
I can't explain it, really. Maybe it was due to the fact that my husband and I were starving after our three hour drive. Maybe we selected it because it was the closest place after visiting el restroomo. Regardless, we chose it and were not disappointed.  I scooped up some chicken, beef, and pork, and added broccoli, 2 types of onion, carrot, tofu, bamboo shoots, and water chestnuts. The cooks poured on some Kung Pao sauce and noodles and handed it to me in a styrofoam container. It was, in three words, a spicy heaven. MMMMM! Worth every penny of the $7.59 that I'd paid to get it. It wasn't too large or small of a portion, wasn't too heavy--it was just the right balance of oil, sauce, and other edible parts combining to make a tasty meal. I would definitely go back when visiting SLO.
I've been wanting to try HuHot since it opened several months ago.  I've been to BD's in Westfield and loved it, so I was excited that something similar was opening in Lafayette.  
The decor of the restaurant was great and our waitress was pleasant.  I was very unimpressed with the food though.  I consider myself to be a pretty decent cook, and I favor fresh food and preservative-free sauces.  The entire selection of items on the food bar seemed to be frozen.  The meat (beef, chicken, pork, seafood mix and krab - not crab, but krab...hmm...guessing it's not real!) was in very small chunks that seemed to disappear on the grill.  It was hard to find them in my finished plate!  The vegetable offerings were ok, but again, most were frozen.  They had a wide selection of sauces, but I didn't really like either combination I tried.  The sauces tasted like they came from a bottle.  
The grill cooks were great - friendly and entertaining!  I was very interested in the smores but wasn't spending $5 more on top of our $30 bill (for 2 people!).  I bought marshmallows, chocolate, and graham crackers and made them in my oven at home for half the price!  
Our experience wasn't bad, but I won't be going back.  If I'm in the mood for fresh, mongolian-inspired cooking, I will go to BD's in Westfield!
I was visiting Lafayette, IN, where my daughter had a dressage competition.

I was driving and looking for something to eat and there were tons of the chain burger places but in a strip center I found this place Hu Hot Mongolian Grill. I didn't expect to find any ethnic food here other than pizza so I was excited to find a Mongolian BBQ place. This place is a chain but the implementation is really good and the price performance makes this restaurant a real winner.

They have a variety of ingredients and sauces for a roll your own entree and except for the absence of authentic Asian people it looked, tasted and smelled like the real thing. The grilled food is great and as good I've ever had.anywhere.

I suppose you could be upset that it is a chain but most of the authentic Mongolian places I visit are pretty much hole in the wall places anyway and the chain errs on the clean side so I thought the food and service were really good. They have paces in several Midwestern states.
Sure, it's for students.
And you can "pack" your bowl too.
You get what you- PUUKE!
I can't believe I haven't rated Fire + Ice yet. If you live in Providence, chances are you have been to Fire + Ice. I strongly recommend Fire + Ice to anyone who is traveling in the area or you have never been. There are just some pointers that seem to haven't been expressed yet which I think has given it some poor reviews. You need to understand that this is an extremely popular place, especially for the college folk. Thus later on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturday nights are extremely busy. To the point where even if you can get a table, you are also going to be waiting for your food to be cooked and probably for that second drink. So pointer number 1, unless you are a crazy college person (former one here) then plan ahead to go to dinner early at F + I. Early can be around 6. My GF and I got a table around 6 on a Friday night and it was fairly dead. Starts to get really heavy between 7-9. 

Pointer number 2, this restaurant isn't for people who just eat to eat. Part of the draw is being able to mix and match vegetables, meats, sauces and whatever you feel like. Part of the fun is coming up with a winning combination. 

Pointer number 3, come hungry. If you really want to get your money's worth, you need to go up at least twice. 

I am sure there are some more pointers out there but I can't think of them at the moment.

This is the place to truly enjoy food and guess what, you made it!
After seeing the great reviews, I came here with high expectations -- and I left disappointed. All mongolian BBQ is good, but as far as these places go -- this one sucks. 

Their food selection isn't bad, another reviewer mentioned the benefit of the flat meat pieces instead of rolled up pieces... but the worst part -- you cant put on the sauce yourself! wtf! I usually load up on sauces, but the guy wouldn't have any of it.
ehh this place gives you a lot of food, but its sub-par food. So a lot of something mediocre still adds up to two stars for me. I mean, i guess its fun to try and see how high you can stack your plate before it topples over and the poor workers have to clean up after you, but the food is really quite bland. They grill it with soy and garlic sauce, but it still needs a shit ton of flavor to even be worth getting. Sure, I'm asian and may have high standards when it comes to asian food, but honestly, this place is mediocre at best. I had it once, and i dont think i'll ever have it again. sorry guys, I'd rather spend my money somewhere that gives more flavor in their food... like gushi.
Meh.

You might wonder why a "meh" translates into a 2-star rating, rather than a 3-star one. The simple answer is that it was overpriced and not that great.

My roommate and I sat down in the Mardi-Gras-on-crack restaurant. Our waitress was fine enough and explained the exhaustive array of things you can make. I find it weird that Fire and Ice chooses the jack of all trades/master of none technique and claims that it can make pasta, hamburgers, and stuff like that, as well as stir-fry. They also emphasized a lot how you couldn't let any sauce into the bowl of ingredients, or else it would ruin everything and you would have to start all over! Oh nauuu! There were also multiple signs posted in the self-serve area, leading my roommate and I to keep asking one another where we should put the sauce (separate tray or not...?). 

Good for them for a variety of proteins - the Cajun chicken was pretty darn good. Too bad there were like no sauces to choose from. Given the stir-fry nature of my entree, I figured I should use a sauce that would make sense on it. There were few of these options - I'm guessing around 10-12 sauces at most, and 4-6 good for a stir fry. No sauce really was good, though. I tried a few different ones and found them bitter and acidic, more than just a little where I could get over it. I used BBQ sauce on my stir fry, the only passable one. (I am not picky about sauces FYI. But a good portion of them legit tasted like vinegar.)

Anyway, the service was OK, the ingredients were OK, and the sauces were horrible. All of this was $16.99, which is silly. I had a much better create-your-own stir fry experience in an expensive college town, but even over there, they charged $10-13. $17 is insane for the crap we received.
Ok maybe I'm giving this place such a high review because I've only been here once, but I thought that it was really awesome! 

The concept alone is unique, and the decor was wacky but not tacky. I had never been to downtown Providence, so going here was a treat to add to all of the other new sights to see. The concept of making your own dish is great (maybe the other voters who ranked this lower don't cook too often and made some iffy choices? I don't know).

It is a bit expensive, especially if you can't really get your money's worth. I get full really quickly, so it's always annoying at any restaurant that has large portions to not be able to really get to all the courses and such. But here you pick out as much as you'll eat, they do their little grill dance, and then you have a hot plate of freshly cooked food to go sit and eat.

There are a few in the Boston area closer to where I live that I'm hoping to get the chance to go to sometime. I'd recommend this experience to anybody who loves to cook or is a picky eater, and who wants a unique dining experience!
We love this place.  It is such a unique experience and love the flavorst eh sauces create.  If you're not comfortable with buffets, then don't go.  Personally, I'd rather have my food cooked AFTER it has been sitting out than have it cooked and THEN have people potentially touching it!  

I like to mix up the sauce combinations.  My current favorite is the spicy Thai chili sauce mixed with the teriyaki.  Try it with some seafood and udon noodles. YUM!  

The atmosphere is bright and colorful and lively.  Just keep in mind on Friday and Saturday nights, things can get a bit crazy at the grill and in the food line.  We prefer going during the middle of the week.
Put me and asian food together and you get a true sense of completeness. I don't know what to say other than I wish I had 7 stomachs, one for each combination. There are so many meats, vegetables and sauces, either 7 stomachs or food that reaches the ceiling. My boyfriend took me here for my last birthday :)
This place is cheap, it's fast, and the food is good.  If you have never been to fire and ice, it's a raw buffet, where you select vegetables, meats, and grains that you want to be cooked by two-three chefs at a grill in the center of the restaurant.  There are a variety of sauces you can put on it, or you can take it plain.  You can make as many trips as you want.  There is also a salad bar, and you are served a tin of tortillas and a bowl of rice.  I think that this Fire & Ice is much better than the one in Boston, and there is generally a larger selection of fish and meat than in Boston.
Mongolian barbeque is a drag after the novelty wears off. Especially when you realize that the gimmick of making customers prepare their own food has more to do with saving money for the owners of the restaurant.

I was a little bit put off at first, by the number of ingredients and sauces, because I don't know how to cook, or especially how to season anything. When you walk in off the street, it's like you have to decide what to cook for dinner and what to put on it. I eventually discovered that the stir fry will taste good no matter which sauces you use, and you can even mix them together if you want. If you haven't been to MB before, just pick something.

Some people love Mongolian Barbeque, because they like to think of new combinations to mix together. I'd prefer to sit at the table and enjoy the company of my friends. I've never liked having to stand in line to pick out the food and to follow it until it is entirely cooked and handed back to me. 

I should be at my table nibbling bread and sipping my drink while the food cooks itself. 

This type of restaurant is popular with entrepreneurs, because you don't really need to hire people who know how to cook. The kitchen staff does two things: chop meat and vegetables; and toss stuff around on the grill with big samurai cookware. With inexpensive help, and with the customers doing half of the cooking, it's a good way to make a killing in the restaurant business. If you think about it, it's a lot like using the self-check lanes at the grocery store.
I reaalllly had high hopes for this place but it looks like the stars weren't in line for me that day. When I got there on a weeknight, there were only a couple people working. The place was a mess, they forgot to make rice, and the bread was wayyyy undercooked.

Back to Big Wok I go...
This place was amazing when it opened six years ago. (Used to be a McDonald's!) It's changed owners once every year or two since then, and it seems like the quality has gone down a bit every time.

It's still a lot of reasonably good food for the money, but as a lot of other reviewers have pointed out, the cooks do a pretty mediocre job. Sometimes they get distracted and completely fry your food. Most of the time they just let it sit there and simmer all of the sauces away. You can mitigate this a bit by using a lot of sauce, but it still sucks.

All of that being said, I still like Ruhzen a lot. The staff are at least friendly -- not incredibly common on the Ave -- and the food is fresh and has nice variety. If I remember correctly, there are at least five types of meat, two types of noodle (buckwheat/soba noodles being the obvious choice), a dozen types of vegetables, sixteen or so pre-sauces and about four post-sauces.

You can easily get two meals out of your visit if you do things right, and it's a great spot for groups. In the end, a reasonable place to eat, but not what it once was. But still my dad's favorite place to eat on the Ave =)
There are not many places that you can eat where you really affect your food. By packing everything yourself it really creates a challenge that requires a certain amount of skill, and in that it actually makes it a lot more fun to eat.

For under 9 dollars your portion is big enough to eat for both lunch and dinner and although it is greasy it tastes great. 

Viva mongol king.
I've been to a few Mongolian BBQ places before.  

Mongols is good for what it is.  A college joint for college kids.  
The premise is load up a bowl with meat and veggies for them to grill.  

When I've been to other restaurants like this one you usually pick a protein and then load up the bowl with the veggies you want stir fried.  At Mongols the protein is part of what you use to fill the bowl.  So they lost me a little for making me lose space to the meat.  The meat was all frozen and then sliced very thin...not fresh meat ready to be cooked.  So basically all the meat looks and ends up tasting the same.

They offer combo dishes with sides, rice, and soup, but were out when we went an hour before closing. 

So if you need a fast stir fry fix and you're in Westwood give it a shot, but I think there are better tasting options very close by.

think....Gushi
OK. MAYBE its because I haven't been to enough Mongolian BBQs, but this place is my favorite one. Seriously. The outside looks uninspiring, the inside looks incredibly boring even for a hole-in-the-wall sorta-kinda place (some would say scruffy and kinda dirty), but the food is GOOD. Holy BBQ Batman, the old couple here knows what they're doing!

I spent a lot of time in Pasadena back when I was still in high school and spent many lunches getting a heaping steaming noodley pile of greasy goodness. Maybe its the nostalgia that makes the food better. I just know that I love the place.
They got every vegetable you can think of.

They got tofu.

They got weird sauces so you can make weird sauce combinations if that's how you roll.  

They got even more weird sauces you can add after your food has been cooked up if you'd rather roll that way.  

It's a lot of food for not very much money, it's quick, it's clean and it's laid-back.   You can get a second bowl for $2.99 if you really want, but I don't see why you would unless you hadn't properly loaded your bowl the first time around.
My husband & I love this place. My husband adores, dreams, salivates for this place. Family owned & very tasty. The noodles impress me since they cook it WITH the meat (from the beginning) vs. Genghis Khan cooking their noodles for a minute. The parking is horrendous since it shares with El Pollo Loco & Yoshinoya. However, it's worth it. The head guy always greets us with a smile.
Mongols is good but for me it's not great.  It's perfect for h.s. students, undergrads and police officers, but I'm pretty much over it.  Once in a while, I'm in Westwood with a decent parking place and I drop in for takeout.  

Inside it's pretty small and there is no service at the table.  It's takeout with dining room, but not really a dining experience.

The prices are acceptable and the food is more than adequate, but it's not a restaurant.  If you're about to see a movie and want to grab a quick combo bite of meat, veggies and noodles, Mongol's will work and it won't break your bank.
Excuse the three stars.  This place is pretty good, but I was spoiled by a place I used to go to in Virginia.  

Go Fresh is cheap, I think our (2 of us) total was about $18.
Not so clean, as far as the floor,etc, but I've heard that this is the best place around.  

So I looked it up, and can't quite remember the name of my place in VA
So much for nostalgia!
This is one of the places I always make sure that i visit everytime I'm in Ann Arbor!  They have a HUGE selection of veggies, pastas and meats for you to create your own stirfry bowl, and TONS of sauces to choose from.  Plus, they usually have great soups.  

I agree with the other reviewers that it is a bit pricey...but the price is cheaper if you go vegetarian, or if you opt to just have one bowl and not do the "all you can eat" thing.  But personally, my favorite is to do the "all you can eat" option because you can get a bunch of tiny bowls and try tons of different veggie/meat/sauce combinations!

It does get ridiculously crowded here during the evenings, especially on weekends.  You can do call ahead seating, but in my experience that doesn't save you a ton of time. But if you're not in a hurry, it's worth the wait :)  If you don't dig waiting two hours for dinner, I'd recommend going here for lunch - cheaper price, not as crowded, and you can still experience the goodness that is BD's.  

Oh, one last thing - if you're not totally full from dinner, try their Big Brownie dessert.  It's HUGE and to die for....and I don't feel guilty eating it, since I had veggies for dinner ;)
I've been going to Go Fresh for almost 10 years now.  It's still super comfort food and I think for the way I pile up the food, it's a steal.  Their service is hit or miss -- sometimes they're great and sometimes they're just douchey.  I would normally give them four stars, but they lose a star because they've been going cheap and there's no lamb anymore.  It's still better than the place at Rosemead so I would come here for my Mongolian BBQ, but it lost some status in my heart for dropping the lamb.
I have never been dissapointed with this place (well, until they started getting mad for packing the meat down).  

There are ways around it.  You can extend the sides of your bowl by placing the brocoli in around the outside of the bowl, stems to the inside.  This forms a small ridge in the bowl that can be filled with other vegetables, more meat, etc.  If you like a lot of noodles, I find that slowly releasing the noodles as you rotate the tongs, sort of weaves the noodles in a pile that stands tall (even when the cook pours the sauce on top!)
This place is the best for service. 

I have been here twice, both times had attentive servers who knew all the appetizers and desserts on the menu without having to look at the menu, I don't find that often. Both servers were professional, friendly and courteous (although one kept inadvertently startling us mid conversation, but that provided a laugh) 

Especially when eating out with those who don't speak English well, service is very important. That time, our server was patient and explained things well. 

Also, both times, the servers were great about refilling drinks without us having to ask, even though the place was busy. That is rare I find, which is sad. In any case, both servers received great tips from me. 

The self-select ingredient concept is great, I enjoy making new combinations. The chefs cooking the food were also friendly and made conversation w people. One bowl is usually enough if you fill it w enough meat. 

The desserts are rich and delectable. Try the cheesecake. Also try the teriyaki sauce and that lemon sauce. 

Whatever you do, don't just get spaghetti with meatballs (yes, they have pasta and tomato sauce and meatballs for the little kids) or six eggs in one bowl (yes I've seen this). Don't waste your bowl space! It can fit a lot more than you think  ;)
[Scene from the conference room of Fire and Ice's parent headquarters]
--Big Boss:  "Hello everyone. I just recently purchased a 20 million dollar estate in Newport and it's beautiful. My daughter, wife and girlfriend will love it, however... I am not in love with the 30 year mortgage attached to it. Your job security is now directly related to producing a new cash cow to help with my financing."
--Small Boss: "Why don't we start a new chain restaurant? We make loads on those"
--Big Boss: "Yes, however these new mortgage payments will be no joke."
--Small Boss: "Ok then. Let's make the customers cook their own food, forgo decorating the place and also charge them an arm and a leg. Then if they complain about the quality of the food, we'll just say it's their fault for choosing the wrong combination of ingredients!"
--Big Boss: "We save money by not hiring chefs. We save money by decorating the place with colored light bulbs. We'll charge high to protect ourselves against professional eaters, and also to make a killing off of kids and normal healthy eaters. Brilliant!"
--Underpaid Employee: "You guys are kidding right?"
[Big boss and Small boss start laughing, with increasing volume.]
I was not impressed by this Fire and Ice. The raw food was throw everywhere on the buffett.  The veggies were intermixed with the raw meats.  The sauce area was stickly and sample cups were everywhere.  This concept has to have many people keep the place clean and neat.  Here in Providence the night I went it was not.  I would not eat here again
My boyfriend LOVEEESSS THIS PLACE. This used to be my only Mongolian bbq experience and I took it for granted but just tried another place in Riverside and now I know how good it really is. pay the piper, get a bowl, stack it as high as you want, with WHATEVER you want (they have signs that tells you the limits but really, who follows those signs anyways?). take it to the counter pour on whatever sauce you want (there's really no going wrong with this) and they throw it on this giaannnttt grill and voila! a masterpiece! btw, the owner is awesome. he's super duper friendly, always greets us when we come. 

and yes, i admit, it isnt the MOST sanitary place but we usually take it to go anyways so whateveerrrsss. heat kills germs. ;D

btw, the fish that people keep talking about has long been gone!
and the parking is small but we havent had trouble finding parking yet...maybe when it happens ill know.
I don't understand the concept of this place. yes its nice that you can make your own food and stuff but when i go out i want to look at a menu and say "ooo that sounds good". i went cousin family since they were in town to visit and there was only 4 of us and we rarely were sitting together at one time. most of the time we were just walking around trying to find the meal we want to make or waiting in line for them to cook it. 

this is a good concept at the food court for malls but not a sit down restaurant.
Stopped here for brunch new year's day with friends before we parted ways after the previous evening's festivities. It was one of the few places open that day for breakfast/brunch and in walking distance to our hotel. It was my first time here. Same concept it's similar to BD's Mongolian BBQ, bar of raw foods to load up on, then they cook it in front of you. I stuck mainly with the breakfat/brunch options (ommlette bar, homefries, pancake bar) although they did have a salad bar and stir fry options if you were more inclined toward lunch. Overall this place was good. Wasn't too crowded when we came which was probabl a good thing, because when we stormed the omlette bar 5 out of the 9 of us wanted an egg white omlette. The guy told us they usually only have one or two request for egg whites only (and lucky them we asked for 5 at once) so they had to scramble to get more. I ended with a berries and chocolate chip loaded pancake, yum. Everyone left happy and full, so no complaints here.
I've gone to Mongolian grills both upscale and downscale, and I think downscale ones are better. But only if you know a little about flavors and cooking yourself. Because I do, I can combine whatever I like and want into a bowl, watch them cook it, then eat a delicious meal.
Go Fresh is one of my favorite places. I drive all the way to Pasadena from Koreatown, in traffic, to go here. The staff has always been amazing to us, bar one time when i was admittedly being ridiculous with the amount of food I was trying to get away with and they without comment just dumped half of it. Generally, however, my MO is to load up as much food as possible in the bowl until it is towering precariously, and then make sure to handsomely tip the guy who cooks it, which doubles as a bribe to ensure he doesn't call me on being absurd about the amount of food that's being cooked. After that, you get (if you do it right) a bulging styrofoam container of enough food to feed 3-4 people (all for $7!) and a side of rice. If I'm eating alone, that $7 gives me enough food for at least three meals. 

And of course, the food is delicious. All in all, a great little hole in the wall place that I save for special occasions and to impress dates with my american cramming-food-in-a-bowl skills.
I have been coming here for 33 years and the food is awesome! Yes the place is getting a little old, but it's still comfortable and clean. I guess this is how they keep their prices low. This is how it works for dinner. You enter and are greeted by the friendly staff. They seat you and hand you a menu. The main dish is the Mongolian bowl and you decide what sides you want with it. As soon as you order you go immediately to the food bar and pick your meat and as much as you want! They have beef, chicken, turkey, and pork meat. The best way to pile on the meat is to fill it up and use a napkin or the bottom of a clean bowl to stamp it down. Then put whatever kind of vegetables and sauces you want! You give your bowl to the cook who stir fries it. He hands you the bowl and you take it back to your table where the rest of the food is hot and waiting. I recommend the hot tea and the pocket biscuits. They are so delicious! The food is healthy and to die for! And if you like it spicy ask for the owners secret hot sauce. It's not on the menu or the tables.
No water chestnuts, baby corn, or bamboo shoots?!?!?!

Maybe it's just me but this place was NOT all that. I found it to be lacking in flavor and all in all just not impressive. Those little sesame things are delicious though.
The owner is so welcoming! Endless amounts of mongolian bbq, need I say more?
Okay. Are you guys listening? I have perfected the stacking. 

For those who like heavy sauce, lots of veggies and meat: 

Start with a drizzle of soy on the bottom and whatever else you like. Proceed to stack with a good layer of veggies. Drizzle more sauce if necessary. NOW you put on the meat (yeah, they roll it up so it SEEMS like you're getting a lot but they're just making it so you take up a lot of room in your bowl when really you're getting a measly piece of beef. Its a brilliant marketing technique, really). More sauce for me please! And then finish off with veggies!! 

This will ensure that ALL of your food (not just the top) is drizzled with saucy goodness! 

Otherwise: meat is all crazy frozen and a little dry. Fish isn't too tasty. Veggies are okay. Yay! They teppanyaki the shit out of your food in front of you and you bus your own tables. Woo hoo! All for dinner at $7.99, $6.99 at lunch and $2.99 for an second bowl. 

Yeah, I suppose with all the sauce I put on it - I might as well douse the veggies in soy sauce and MSG. :/ Oh well ~
It's an easy serve yummy place to go. The cleanliness isn't so great but it's worth the price.$6-$8.
Fast food Mongolian BBQ. Ain't much to it. They do it in mall food courts all the time. This location is heavily catered to PCC students being right across the street. Parking is a nightmare during lunch since the tiny lot is shared by El Pollo Loco, Yoshinoya, and a tea house.

-=-Balancing Act-=- It's like 8 bucks and comes with a drink and extra rice. Pack on the meat first, then veggies, then noodles, then pour sauce on top. The thing about these places is that they challenge you to pile it on and balance it, since whatever you can pile in your bowl will ultimately be yours. The experts are able to pile it on pretty high to a point that makes you wonder how places like these make money. There was this new sign posted that imposed limits on how much meat, veggies, or noodles that you can pile on. Not sure how they enforce it, but I heard that if you smush your meat to make room for more meat, and put more meat on top of that, they'll say something to you. 

By the time I packed on my noodles, it was about 4 inches above the bowl. So that's my record at the moment. I saw someone get it up to 6 inches in front of me, so dang. It's pretty standard mongolian BBQ where there's nothing significantly special to make me come back, nor is anything significantly bad.
I have a few rhetorical questions for whoever owns this chain (from the "About Us" section of the company's website, looks like some middle-aged dads who had this idea while watching their sons play football):

-What exactly am I paying for?!  You're really overpriced!
-Why can't I taste your food, despite adding the same amounts of everything that I would add at other places?  Why could none of us taste our food despite using different levels and types of seasoning, ingredients, etc.?
-Why do you serve TORTILLAS instead of the legendary sesame pocket bread that is usually what drives me, full of cravings and longings, to a Mongolian BBQ restaurant?  I can understand if you weren't planning to serve bread at all, but tortillas?!  And not good ones at that...
-Why must you turn my stomach by throwing ingredients into the (VERY crowded and pretty messy) buffet area that I would never in a million years associate with Mongolian BBQ?  (Think cut-up franks and the like.)
-How on earth did you manage to get every high school team in the Midwest to think that this is the place to go?!

Nothing against a clever business idea, and I understand that not every region of the U.S. is Southern California, but: 1) you're passing up the opportunity to introduce people to some fine eating through this idea that you had, and 2) I've had some outstanding food in the Midwest, so geographic location is no excuse!
This place used to be my favorite mongolian bbq, until I found "Gobi" in Silverlake. The problems I have about this place is that the meat is very so-so, the marinate/sauce is kinda bland, and price wise it's about the same as "Gobi" but much inferior. This place is just ok.
I was jonesing for some Mongolian BBQ tonight and decided to give this place a try since well.. it's the only place I could find.  With that said, it's just not that good.  As one of other reviewers said, they just don't cook it well.  They evaporate all of the sauces and the food comes out tasting bland.  A fact that they must know because they offer you six sauces to put on your food after you have it cooked.... Anyway, the ingredient are nice, but the meat as mentioned earlier is frozen together so it's hard to separate out the food as well.  Overall, it's decent.  I love going to Monglian every so often, but when it's cooked like this, I'll probably pass.  Everything wrong is definitely fixable, let's just hope they do.
hey, this is good mongolian bbq for the price, and the amount of food you get.  it is however a crap shoot if you're a jackhole that has no sense as to what tastes good together.  you can REALLY screw up your meal if you don't know how much or what kind of sauces to put together.  so for you kids, maybe let someone help you, or read the suggestions on the wall.  they have a great selection of veggies, and plenty of meats to keep everyone happy.  never had a bad experience at flame bay... except when this girl erica (the craziest girl in america) worked there, but that was so long ago, and you probably don't have to worry about that now.
I went to the Providence Place a few months ago (approx. 11/09)  with my significant other and I after shopping we decided to go to FIRE + ICE for dinner.  We sat and order drinks and then made our way to get the food in the bowls. I headed where the sauce ingredients are located and I spotted COCKROACHES !!! Around the sauce :( Yuck , yuck yuck.  I showed them to her and then we told the manager. He didn't believe us so he waived our drinks.  We left immediately and never EVER will return to this place or other FIRE + ICE + COCKROACHES !!!
If you feel like testing your gastrointestinal fortitude, go to Mongol's.

Bowl Packing Tips:
-- Meat First.  Use your hand to really flatten the meat on the side on the bowl. You don't want any wasted space.  
-- when you think you have enough meat, go back and double it.  it won't be that much once it cooks down.
-- You can't taste air, so why leave it in your bowl? That ish won't fill you up!  use the cigars of beef to hold veggies like green onions, etc. Just stuff 'em like a cannoli!
-- take the long flat strips of meal to create a higher wall to your bowl. this ensures extra goodness fitting inside.
-- don't waste too much time with vegetables - you're at mongol's. you're not here to get your 5-A-Day.
-- Add pineapple - it's a nice sweeteness contrasted with the spice.
-- Ask for EXTRA GARLIC.
-- Don't go for too much spice before it gets grilled. if it's overboard, there's no going back, but if it is too mild, you can always add more later.
-- Finally, ask for it to be put straight into a to-go box.

VOILA! A perfect mongol creation!

Remember: Be a good packer, but not TOO good of a packer.  My friend's boyfriend got asked to leave by the owner because he was able to mount a gargantuan amount of meat and veggies into his bowl.  On his way out, the owner even said "I'm impressed." Crazy!
Defintely a must try place. Been going for many years now. I think the food has gone down in quality just a tad bit but still worth frequenting every now and then.
Meh. I live an hour away and have wanted to try this for a while. I usually hit up BD's Mongolian BBQ in Westfield and Indy, so I expected something along the same lines. 

The atmosphere is nice and modern, but still warm and inviting. The wait staff and cooks were friendly and eager to please. 

As far as the quality of the food, I was less than impressed. I didn't expect to find a solid chunk of frozen chicken chips waiting to be pried apart with a pick axe, or to find bone shrapnel in my beef. After the food wad cooked, it was edible (thanks to the sauces I chose), but I didn't go back for any more. The most enjoyable part of my meal was the Asian salad. They make their own Asian inspired vinaigrette and it was awesome. 

For $13, I could have gone to BD's AND taken my food with me. (HuHot doesn't allow you to take home leftovers) I doubt I return.
Food was very average and noodles were overcooked, dry and nearly inedible.   Price was approximately $10 per bowl.  I agree with the other reviewer that the food was charred and blackened--cook top definitely needs to be cleaned or something.
eating at Mongol's is an art... it took me a couple of trips to learn how to build my bowl strategically so as to maximize the amount of food contained therein.  there's a line during peak hours, but it always moves fast.
BD's is still the best Mongolian BBQ I've been to in terms of the number of items.  The value is borderline for me, but overall I feel I can get close to eating my money's worth.  The service can be hit or miss, but most times it's on.  Just be prepared for a wait.
Let me tell ya a little something about Mongol's. This place ROCKS! I've had a lot of Mongolian BBQ but I always end up going back to Mongol's.  It's not a fancy place by any means. It just gets everything right. Here's what it boils down to:

- $7 gets you a Mongolian Bowl, Soup, Rice, Sesame Roll and a Drink.
- Four choices of meat and a great selection of veggies (for the vegetarian homies).
- They tower the noodles to the point where it almost defies Newton's Law of Gravitation.
- Last but not least they put the sauces on for you. Most Mongolian BBQ places make you put it on yourself. It's almost impossible to get the right mixture. Mongol's does it for you and the mixture is always perfect.

* Anybody who goes to Mongol's often, knows about "packin' the bowl". You take you napkin and crush down your food so you can as much food in the bowl as possible. You might feel like a creep but it's okay everyone does it (even nuns). Plus you'll have plenty of yummy leftovers.

I live nowhere near Westwood but I make the drive out there to eat at Mongol's. Plus it's within walking distance from the great old school Westwood movie theaters, so after stuffing yourself you can take in a talkie. There is also a great ice cream place around the corner, but I'll save that for another review.

By the way the only downside  to Mongol's is that a lot of UCLA students go to Mongol's ( with their sandals and polo shirts). Sorry if I offend any UCLA students but I just don't like you. So I take half a star off my review because of UCLA patrons.
This food is mediocre and overpriced.  It's nice to be able to pick every ingredient you want in your food, but when all of the ingredients are bad what's the point?
In my mind all criticisms regarding Mongolian BBQ must be assesed in the context of its enduring and long standing presence in the community. 

Having lived the majority of the first 25 years of my life in Rancho, I've seen how this greater area has changed and think its awesome that  a business like Mongolian BBQ has endured and maintained quality in food (for the most part) and validity to the local patrons. 

If you're not familiar with the concept, there is basically a single choice one has to stuff ones self: the namesake Mongolian BBQ. You have a choice of Beef, Pork, Chicken, Turkey, or a combination (thats right, no shrimp for you bourgeouis fa#$#@s) and a wide array of vegetable choices to stir fry with. The sauces are pretty simple, all different levels in spice of the same thing, but the curry, chili, lobster sauce, garlic, cilantro, etc. allow for a decent variation in flavor. They cook it in front of your face and you eat it, simple.

Beyond that, you get white rice (no fried options p@#!is!) an egg roll, a wonton and 2 pocket biscuits to stuff with your concoctions. You get those and THATS IT. 

20 years and they haven't changed a damn thing, I LOVE MONGOLIAN BBQ!!!! They even keep  the "Office" on the first booth right in front of the door, the balls on these guys!!
Best Chinese noodle dish I have had in the States. Even though the cooking method is Mongolian, the owners and the food are Chinese. The new owners are very kind and warmhearted, unlike the previous owner who's wife everyone complained about I'm sure. They do not complain about how much you put in your bowl. I always leave a dollar tip in the tip jar because I feel bad paying less for that much good food.

Pros: Fresh meat and vegetables. Clean environment. Friendly owner.

Cons: Sometimes they tend to overcook the food, but just tell them in advance and its fine.
It was a librarian all day staff training that brought me to Pasadena today. They let us loose at lunchtime ravenous. We had been sitting all morning and it was now time to replenish our spirit and energy. So a group of us decided to come here for lunch today. 

Upon first entering, the place looked empty and we thought "alright, no waiting." But when we entered we noticed a line already forming near the back of the restaurant, that's because the cash register is in the back and the cooking area is smack dab in the middle with tables at the front of the place. As we soon realized, there was going to be a wait. I just hoped that the wait would be worth it.

The menu is basic. You pay for the type of meal you want and that's it. However, there is a sign stating that if you put more than 2.5 pounds in your bowl you'll be charged extra. How they know you have that much weight in your bowl I have no idea because there is no scale. You pay before you even fill the bowl. Oh, for the basic Mongolian BBQ dish, it's $7.25 after tax. If you get a Thai tea (med. for $2.25), you actually spend just shy of $10 for lunch. 

Because we got there during a major lunch rush, by the time I got to the frozen meat all that was left was beef or chicken. But ordinarily you would also have the choice of pork and lamb. The veggie selection is good too and you can also get tofu as a vegetarian option. There is a sauce menu to let you know the proper number of scoops to put on your bowl of meat and veggies. Plus, they have the spicy stuff to add as a sauce. To top if all you get noodles too. Supposedly all our meals came with rice, but I think because the place was so busy the guy forgot to give it to all of us. But that's okay because we were sufficiently stuffed once leaving the place. 

I would go back again, but I think I'd do what the other reviewers recommend. Definitely buy one bowl and stuff it as much as possible and share with someone else. You get plenty of food to feed more than one.

Now that we had filled our bellies with yummy food, it was time to continue the rest of our day interacting with librarians once again.
Great food, just wish I had been hungrier. It's mongolian bbq so you gotta know how to stack. Recommended for UCLA students
This place will forever be in my memory. My friends and I always came to this mongolian BBQ, I even have a Mongol's shirt I'm that big of a fan. The key strategy is to press down on the frozen meat in your bowl, so you can pile on more chicken or pork or beef. I suggest pineapple with whatever veggies you get, it adds a nice sweetness and of course add sesame seeds when your meal is ready. My friends and I literally used to go to this place every chance we could which was edvery weekend. Good restaurant to get attached too, if your ever in westwood check this place out. MONGORIAN! Yes, the best it beats out all the rest, I have to get this off my chest, to make myself abreast of the situation, and to not mistakenly make a jest. Derp. MmmOnGoRiAnnN.
Oh yes.

Need to satisfy that Mongolian BBQ craving? Mongols does the job with a greasy coated fist to the gut.

Walk to the front.
Pay for your meal.
Get your bowl, walk down the line.
Cram the meat down.
Cram the veggies down.
PACK EVERYTHING ON.
Pick your sauce.
Noodles, noodles, noodles, everywhere.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. (thats the sound of frying btw).

Done. Now eat. For two meals worth. It ends up as a LOT of food.

Ingredients are fresh enough, meats are frozen solidly (no nasty half melty meat here), garlic is GARLICKY (yes!!!), and the medium-hot sauce 
actually gives surprisingly good heat.
I came here under a couple of questionable recommendations but decided to give it a go. Initially, I thought the concept of piecing together your meal from a varied assortment of meats, veg and sauce was kinda cool. In practice however, It turned into way to much work for not that much fun. I kept it simple and went with some chicken tenderloin, lots of BBQ sauce and a few veggies. What I got back was some really bland chicken that was chopped to hell by the "chef" with a dash of someone else's freakin noodles mixed into it. Really wasn't good at all. With a name like Fire and Ice you would also expect a pretty cool looking place too, right? Yeah, not so much what you'll find here. Instead you find an atmosphere and look that matches it's food, bland and boring. Overall it wasn't terrible but once you factor in the "way to expensive for it's own good" cost.....it sucked pretty hard. Next time I decide to punish myself with a hokey pokey  buffet i'll just hit up Ponderosa..... Well, maybe not Ponderosa but somewhere where the food is equally as bad but at half the price .
I really hope that the management reads this, because there is room for improvement and they've got a good start here.  

First, the decor is great.  Restaurant is warm and cozy, nice lighting.  Wait and grill staff were very pleasant and helpful.  However, we were seated by the bar area and that was awful.  Staff were constantly fussing over the TV by the bar, talking loudly, acting as if the restaurant were their personal party location - they seemed affiliated with the restaurant  - management type people and some of the staff - but were loud, unprofessional and obnoxious, and thoroughly ruined our meal.  Staff were folding napkins in the bar area and also were loud and boisterous.  Staff were taking bowls of food to tables hear us and enjoying their own dinner?  Again, not professional at all.  It seemed that our area of the restaurant was for the staff and management to party in.  

The food was fine - could be more options but it was adequate - it would be easy enough to label things and that seems simple enough to do.  For example, what was the variety of fish?  When frozen, it isn't easy to identify pork.  How about some spinach?  Cut the potatoes into smaller pieces so they actually cook in the time provided?  

If you don't like your food, that is your own problem as you got creative with the mixing.  But in general, I think it is a novel experience and could be great, if they could just improve the professionalism of the restaurant staff.  

One exception - grill staff were excellent - very focused and I thought did a great job!
I think it bears noting that if we ate somewhere else and then got drinks here, it would get 3 or 4 stars.

For $17, you'd have to be quite hefty or a gurgitator to get your money's worth. The seafood and fish especially looks and smells very suspect.

The chain of events goes something like: wait in line for table, wait in line for salad, wait in line to put uncooked food in bowl, wait in line for sauce, wait in line for grill, get mediocre food that tastes like your neighbor's too.

Reminds me of freshman year Stetson West dining hall. meh.
I love this place.  I love that they give you those lovely bread pockets to fill  up with your cooked meat of your choice and veggies.  Then to kick it up a notch you can add that wonderful sauce that is on the table.  I also like the fact they give you rice with it.  They also have great appetizers.
I miss not being close to this place.
Pretty good food and interesting idea, but fairly pricey.  The price has been increasing lately.
Sorry, the buffet style mongolian grill is fun but loses its appeal when you realize it's just an overprice gimmicky restaurant. Buffets are great for salad bars, but if I wanted to make my own meal I would stay home and cook. Not enough bang for the buck for lunch, although with so many possible meal combinations I will give it another honest try for dinner one day. I'm not trying to take anything away from waiters and waitresses, but taking a drink order and bringing over tortillas in my mind does not warrant a huge tip when the patrons make their own food. I had no problem, however, tipping the guys working the grill.
Novelty experience. Fun to create your own dishes. Don't expect to be in and out, but it's enjoyable to spend an hour to hour and half. The meat is pretty good, bacon is almost inedible fat, the veggies don't taste fresh (esp the broccoli). I don't reccomend to veggies on a budget, you will be disappointed as the veggies aren't too good.. but meat eaters will enjoy. Always receive great service an the grill guys look like they have fun!
I am downgrading Mongols for several reasons. The place has increased its Dumpiness factor. I got food last night and almost didn't go in because they had a large "B" in the window.

Also they now are weak about how much noodles they will put on. In the good ole days ( like 10 years ago) you used to be able to put on lots yourself. Now they insist on putting the noodles on and are quite skimpy. So bowl stuffing at this place doesn't do what it used to. 

But the end result tastes about the same. I haven't developed a food borne illness, at least not yet.
I've been to a bunch of mongolian places (Ghengis Grill, Flat Top) and this is the standard that I always compare to.  My brother even went here when he graduated from college.  It's not super fancy, but it is very entertaining.  Also, it's up to you to make (though, not cook) your own food, which some people like, and some people don't.  I, personally, enjoy it.
Go about Once a week Great PLace Really CLEAN Great FOOD Great SERVICE!
After all the economics courses I've taken there, UCLA has taught me one thing: Maximize your utility . 

Mongols slightly modifies that lesson: You have to utilize the space in the bowl to maximize the food in your tummy.

Here's my usual plan of attack at Mongols:
1) Meat first. Squish it with your napkin and flatten it to conform to your bowl. If you don't flatten it, you don't get very much food since the meat just takes up space.
2) Flatter veggies next. I like using mushrooms or sprouts or even the zucchini since it's flatter and you can sort of arrange them so they fit like puzzle pieces in the bowl.
3) Last, rounder veggies. Those are the broccoli, pineapple, anything large that is hard to fit things in between.
4) Press down again with your napkin.
5) Give to guy to load up on noodles
6) Watch him cook.
7) Eat!
Pretty decent Mongolian  BBQ place.  The trick is to first layer some meat into your bowl and then grab your friend's bowl and mash it on top of your meat.  Repeat process to maximize the volume in your bowl (got to learn something from math 31b).

Layer on whatever else you like and then totally own your bowl with noodles until they are about to fall off.  Quickly hand the bowl over to be cooked.  Don't forget to put in a lot of garlic and hot sauce otherwise everything is bland and tasteless.  Enjoy!
Brunch is great here!  My wife and I both agree that one can't have a poor meal here. This is our 4th trip and it's always good here. Love it! The cooks at the grill will also provide you with some entertainment as they like to have a good time, too. All in all, this is one of our favorite restaurants.
I really like this place, because it offers something different compared to the  other restaurants in westwood. 

As other reviews have mentioned, you get a bowl and it's all you can pack inside of it. The key is to pick items that don't take up a lot of space. Pick up flat pieces of meats to conserve space. When they are not looking, take your fist and smash down the meat to increase space. Do not let them catch you or they might kick you out. It really depends if the owner is around. Most of the others don't really care. Put space hogging vegies on the edge/ rim area of the bowl and smaller flatter ones in the middle. 

Also the noodles are good and they give you alot of it, regardless of how high you packed the bowl.

I try not to order the meal with an added bowl of rice, because it's just too much to eat. However, you can get a take out box for the leftovers.
The novelty of going to fire n ice is cool but honestly it is tough to get your $$ worth - especially since I am a vegetarian. However, going on Monday (college night) it's only $10 with a student I.D....THAT in my opinion is worth it.

A fun first date type place...but I wouldn't go out of my way for the food itself.
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  Love the Mongolian Barbeque concept and they really stock the food bars with an awesome assortment.  Love all of the suces and because they make the food right there for you, it is always hot and always good.  the service is quick and the waiters very attentive.  I agree with fellow reviewers that it is fairly cheap, but I wouldn't want to pay the biill for a family of 6, so this is a great place for a couple or couples.  You can park in the mall parking and it's easy in and out.  The seating is comfortable and I've always had a good time when I go.
I love how many options there are at Flame Bay. You get to pick how much vegetables, meat, and tofu you want in your stir fry or rice as well as picking one of their many sauces. The food is pretty cheap for what you are getting.  I can never finish a meal by myself in one sitting, so usually a friend and I get one to share. Overall, Flame Bay is my absolute favorite restaurant and I was sad to see them go.
Have been to HuHot 5 times since they opened, and really enjoy the atmosphere and decor.
My first experience with mongolian bbq, and I think it is fun. Enjoy the Black Thai Peanut sauce the best.

Unfortunately it is not as good as it was when it first opened....new management staff or something. Still recommend.
Great food. Great staff. Oh and thanks Yelp for the free appetizer coupon. Great lunch special.
I go to this restaurant couple times and this is one of my favorate store.   Their foods is health (I think.)  At least their meats and veggies are really fresh.  Sometime they might didn't notice their foods were robbed out or might tried to keep the foods fresh in their kitchen, but they always restock quickly when I asked them.
I love how they grill our foods, and the noodles are really yummy.  Some of my friends think it's too dry so tell the cook to make their dish watery, and it works really nice.  Everytime I get a different mix of foods, so I guess I'll never get tired with it.  
They have a sign limiting the weight of foods, but I always get the amount I need and never get complaint from them.  I guess they are sensitive only when you get a unbelievable huge bowl (which is really rude.)  It should be more than enough at the regular size people get especially with the steamed rice they gave.  $7 really worth it.
The place gets messy after others rush on filling their bowls, but the overall is quite clean.  I can see they are trying to clean everything out.
I highly suggest this restaurant!
This is a great option for college students (even those returning home for the summer) on a budget.

The amount of food you can get here is absolutely ridiculous.  I would suggest packing your frozen meat as tightly as possible into your what at first seems small bowl.  Only after you pile your meat and veggies as high as possible and then they add a heaping pile of noodles do you realize how much food you're getting for well under $10.  Their 2 combos come with either a soda, or mediocre soup, weird bread-sticks and white rice.  It all tastes pretty good especially if you make sure they add garlic, add onions and other vegetables that go well together.

While the prices have increased (from around $7 last time I went here to the current $8.57 for the more expensive combo), this is still a good and fun place to go for college students.
Great place for Mongolian grill. Offers a wide selection of meats - beef, chicken, pork, and some seafood; and veggies.

I like how you can mix your own combinations of meats, fresh veggies, noodles, and sauces. Just be careful. Sometimes they don't like it when you pile it too high!!!
I've been coming here for about 20 years. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because some they get new servers and sometimes they are truely awesome and at other times it was a lack of any form of customer service but usually the next time i come in there is no signs of the server who gave bad service. I think out of the many times ive been there I've maybe only had like 5 bad servers. The usually always on top of cleaning the self-serve food bar but people are pigs and have no problem making a mess. I actually will watch people make a mess and turn around and try to complain to managment about how dirty it was. There are to many people in this world trying their hardest to get a free meal. It will be those people who Karma will show how it feels to be cheated on life.
The Good:  I've been to this place soooo many times.  It has changed over the years but the basics are still here.  It's a AYCP(All you can pack) place.  I've seen many starving UCLA students beat the living Hell out of the frozen meat to get a tight packed bowl.  I've seen them pound it with their hands, other bowls, and cups.  So if you are hungry you can get your fill, you just might have to put some work into it.  They had pork, chicken, turkey and beef( they use to have lamb), along with all the veggies.  Then they guy will add the spice level you like and top that off with some noodles.  Back in the day you did your own noodles and we had some pretty wicked tall bowls.  I think because of us they stopped the self serve, my buddy got blacklisted for his greed of food here.

The Bad:  The lines can get long and so can the wait.  They only had 2 people "cooking" the food which takes some time and every few orders they have to clean the grill.

The Ben:  Pack them bowls and for you college kids I mean pack them with meat!
This place will never live up to BDs Mongolian BBQ.  That being said, this is the best Mongolian BBQ place that I've found in California.  And, by best, I mean it's the one that seems the cleanest.  And, in case you don't follow my reviews, cleanliness is important to me. 

I don't ever get meat at places like this so I might not be the best opinion out there on this topic.  The tofu and veggies, however, are super tasty.  Another reviewer is right about the spiciness.  Hot is not exactly hot enough.  Then again, if things don't taste like fire, I'm not a fan. 

It's a good fix though until I can get me some BDs Mongolian BBQ goodness.  

Oh, and I know this is completely random, the water in the Pepsi machine never tastes right.  It's been like that for years.  I don't exactly understand it but, then again, I don't spend a lot of time worrying about it.

They do take credit cards which is a bonus because a few years ago they were cash only.
I love coming here every time I am in town. Good price, great service, awesome food. And the owner is so funny, he loves to chat with his patrons, and play games with the kids when he is there.
The way is new, but food is not delicious:( Maybe I need to learn more how to match them. One of my friend has a lactose intolerance, but when the chef flip the food, some cheese was splashed on his food. And my was a little over burned.
This place is a popular place for birthdays, families, and groups. They have a lot of seating and it is quite roomy. They have outdoor seating too, usually popular for events held there.

I always do allyoucan eat here. There is a variety of vegetables, meat, and sauces that you can add into bowls, and you line up at a circular counter around a huge grill that ~3 chefs control. Sometimes the food is a little overcooked, but usually it ends up tasting great. They actually don't have a really big selection of veggies and meats, but they have the essentials. 

It gets a little crowded sometimes though in the food area, and there could be some waiting here and there. It's like a buffet, you sit down in a group, but finish your plates at different times, so sometimes, not everyone is at the table. 

The service is decent, they have a bar area too. I don't really recall the prices, it's not too expensive though.
4 stars for the food, and +1 stars for cleaning up their shop compared to some of the early years.

I've been coming here for about 8 years.  Of all the mongolian BBQ places you will try, this one might be the best.  

Greasy, hearty, but highly cusomizable are the key features at Mongols.  Try not to be apprehensive of coming here; back when this place had a C rating in my high school years, I still never got sick from eating here.  It's had an A for the last several years, so I wouldn't worry about it.

You don't really think of "elegance" when you go to Mongols.  One time some african american kids tried to steal the tip jar, but they got chased down IIRC.  Of all the restaurants in Westwood, I think this one is most frequently crashed by homeless people who are begging for money.  I'm happy to give food to homeless people, but in Westwood, there's a pretty high chance that beggars will walk over to Rite Aid (the major homeless hangout) and get a 40 with your money.  

UCLA students used to get hooked up with a free drink, not so anymore.  Not like it matters, no one orders the combo that comes without the drink anyway.
I'm a FAN, been coming here for years.  When my boyfriend took me here for this first time, I was a bit shy, but now I consider myself a pro-packer. 

You can customize your own main entree and they have plenty of combos available, even an ALL YOU CAN EAT. I have yet to be disappointed when coming here to dine. 
There make your own sauce chart is awesome, add as much or less spices to accommodate your taste buds. 

Don't knock it, till you try it :)
Love this place! It's just like a hibachi place, just cafeteria/buffet style.  Defintely something new and fun to bring the family. 

I give it 3 stars because the service isnt great.  It was hard to get a hold of the server when we needed refills or drinks.

Overall, I would suggest going, but to save yourself the headache.. order the next drink halfway through your first!
I've searched for a "Mongolian BBQ" that might rival these old Michigan haunts and I've got nothing.

Sure you can find these types of restaurants scattered around.  But NONE have ever had as many meats, spices, sauces or veggies.

This place can get pretty crowded, so I would either come patient or go during off hours.
I just had lunch here. The last time I ate lunch here was in 1987 while I was a boarding student at the Webb Schools. The wrestling team had a dinner here. So you know I'm biased. Even the crappiest food cannot compete when mixed with a teaspoon of nostalgia.

Now I will try to be objective.

The place is raw. Definitely carries an inland vibe. The entrance with a single wooden door painted yellow reminds me of the dive bars I used to spy with wonder when I was a kid.

The interior is definitely a child of the early 80s before the advent of the splashed paint motif, and pastel nuance of a Nagel print. It's a place a pre-baby boomer would have eaten, and I am almost certain that their loose change can be dug from behind the vinyl cushions of the booths.

This place is based on the same style as the Ghengis Khan fast food restaurants some of you have probably seen at your local mall. 

Here's the deal. The waitress seats you at a table. From the menu you order one of several different meal combinations. What differentiates them seems to be the side dishes: fried shrimp, fried wonton, rice, sesame fried pita. Then you choose your meat: 

Chicken
Pork
Beef
Turkey? 

Yes Virginia. There is not only a Santa Claus, but there is, as unlikely as it would seem, also turkey on the menu of a Mongolian BBQ. Far as I know, Turkeys are not indigenous to Mongolia. But I leave it to you, dear reader, to look it up on Wikipedia which by the way, though useful, is not rigorously peer-reviewed.

but I digress...

The waitress brings you a bowl full of your chosen meat. You take the wide spoon they give you and smash that son-of-a-bitch down as far as your can. You compress it until your carpal tunnel screams with painful delight.

Then you go to the veggie bar and do your best to heap as many vegetables as you can on top: sliced bell peppers, bean sprouts, carrots, shredded cucumber, mushrooms, water cress, and so forth. At the end of the bar you ladle a few shots of oil, house sauce, and spice into that leaning tower and hand it under a transparent bullet-proof lexan panel to a fellow manning what I assume to be a Mongolian stove.

This fellow takes your hard work and flips it onto a round heated surface about three feet across. From your vantage, you watch the juices sizzle and boil. If you didn't put the right amount of oil and such into the bowl, then the cook lets you know by splashing a little more. 

The Mongolians are a very subtle people. Part of their charm no doubt.

After it's cooked up good and proper, the cook uses this amazing, long knife-spatula (where can I get one of those?) to scrape the contents onto a fresh plate.

All that's left is to eat it up.

I would say, for me at least, that this is the sort of place I would hit maybe once a month, or every other month. But there are a bunch of regulars there so, good for them. I give this place five stars because it's got a lot of personality. And we all know that personality goes a long way.

Enjoy. Go!
I guess I never went into Go Fresh when it was creepy, dirty, and dingy.  I've been there twice and both times it's been clean and absolutely deelicious!!!  The  older lady at the counter is very nice, the one in her 40's not so much.  It says that there is a weight limit on the amount of food you can put in your bowl, but both times i've been in there everyone piles it up crazy & they never say anything.  There are about 15 veggie items to choose from, as well as pork, chicken, beef, and lamb.  There are also 5 sauces to choose from.  I would totally recommend this to anyone!!  For $7.00 it's a great deal & they give you a side of rice.  Ohh their mango tea is good as well!

Just had lunch here. I was hoping that they would accept card but they were cash only today. The usually deliciousness. Just like the mall but a little cheaper and more portions, as in they gave more noodles than the mall. Took it to-go and went back straight to work on Wilshire.
This place sits in a busy spot in Providence beneath Providence Place Mall and in a real prime location so you would think the food and service would be good. Its not that great! This is a chain (one in Boston, others scattered around the country) and is a somewhat unique set up of ordering a meal right from Chefs cooking it in front of you mixing it with noodles and whatever else you want. The interior is upbeat and pretty cool but with a weird seating arrangement. The place gets crowded because of the hype but I think it is overrated. The food selections seem like they would be unique, but when it comes down to it, its a noodle place with mix ins and thats it. It has a chain restaurant feel and is way, way overpriced for what you get. The service seriously stinks too, because it is so disorganized and because of the set up you basically get lost in the shuffle of people. I would skip this place. There are a hundred better restaurants in Providence to choose from. This is a waste of a lot of time and money!
Love it. The brunch is also really good
More of a 3.5 but i dont' mind rounding up because of the freedom you get to choose what you want. You do get a pretty ludicrous amount of food for about 8 bucks and if you're clever you can use the bottom of a friends bowl to help squish the meat into the bottom of your bowl. The soup they serve seems hit or miss, i really like it but some of my friends can't stand it. The sesame bread they give you is pretty bland and if you can eat the rice in addition to all the food you get you deserve an award or overeat or something. It's a good place if you're really hungry and if you're not the leftovers warm up well if you microwave them or better yet throw them back in the wok or pan and heat them that way
Our favorite Mongolian BBQ place in the area is Emperor Mongolian BBQ located on Grand Ave in West Covina but we decided to give this place a try since it's closer to home and we read some positive reviews on Yelp. We were quite disappointed. First of all, the meat was frozen shredded bits rather than the frozen slices you would expect at a Mongolian BBQ restaurant. The sauce selection was poor. The arrangement was inefficient and messy with pieces of meat and vegetables all over the buffet area. One positive thing to note is that the waitresses and chefs are very friendly. It's a shame I can't say much about the quality of their food.
i was a HUGE fan of great khan's until i found this place! this place is even better! 

you know that huge puddle of oil (or whatever it is) at the bottom of the box at great khans?? well, theres none of that at mongol's! or maybe ive just been lucky..

remember to get the $1 off coupon from the daily bruin before you go! combo + drink only cost me $8 dollars!

as for it being enough food for 2 meals...eh...im not sure. i dont know if i didnt pack enough meat (but what i lack for in meat, i made up for in noodle) or im a fattie (im only 95 lbs though!), but i ate all mine for lunch. -_-"
Most people's perception of Mongolian Barbeque probably stem from The Great Khan chain that has infested a number of food courts in various malls here in So Cal.  This place is much better than that.

For the uninitiated, here is the concept of Mongolian BBQ.  You grab a bowl and go up to a buffet table that is very similar to a salad bar.  You pick out the various vegetables that you wish to eat, including bean sprouts, cilantro, etc.  The next station includes the meat that you'd like to include:  beef, pork, etc.  The next station includes the flavoring sauces, including spices that determine the spiciness of your food.  

You then take your bowl to a person who will dump the contents of your bowl on a gigantic circular grill.  Said person will spread the contents across the grill, and then proceed to push the items around the circumference of the grill until all of the items are cooked.  He will then scoop up your ingredients and then hand them to you to eat.  Repeat as necessary.

That's what I love about this place:  you can get the all-you-can-eat version of the meal.  It's not the fanciest of meals, and at one time, maybe the novelty of the cooking method would have seemed cool, but now, it's all about the food and how much you can jam in your pie hole.
Pleasantly surprised! Don't be fooled by Mongols' ghetto sliding door that says "door will open"...the food is actually pretty good! The restaurant is far from well maintained/furnished but the vegetables are fresh and the end result is a tasty plate of noodles+ leftovers for a midnight snack! For under $10, you are given a bowl to pack as much meat & veggies as you can then plop on a bundle of noodles. You essentially create your own stir-fry and then everything you managed to stuff in your bowl is thrown onto an iron griddle. My advice: if you don't have a bland palate, make sure to ask for generous amounts of garlic, bbq/teriyaki sauce, and hot sauce!

Goods: fast, plastic works, huge portions, good price, good food
Boos: small selection of veggies, slight sanitary factor, sticky-ish tables 

I would definitely come here again.
I've been to Mongolian places before and was excited when my friends decided that we would go to Ruzhen (I'd been meaning to check it out, plus I love Mongolian places like this).

We go in, pay and there's the line of food, typical... missing turkey as a meat choice but if you like cod, it was there.  Expect the line to be backed up a bit with only one food line.  I piled on the meat, instructing my friend how to pile it on, crushing it with tissue paper.  Down the line are some interesting vegetable and fruit choices.  Pineapple?  What?  I didn't get it but my friend did, she said it was a great choice.  I piled on the sauces, got it cooked, grabbed a few other sauces and rice.

So all that sauce I put on that made me hold up the line?  Didn't help much.  I had to go back again and get more Mongolian and Teriyaki sauce to get rid of the dryness.  It was cooked well enough, some of my noodles a little burnt but I can look past it.  The free refills were nice (apparently it used to be $1.25 a refill according to another friend of mine).  As far as going back?  I'd go back again to try a different sauce idea - gonna try putting their thicker teriyaki and Mongolian sauce on before cooking, see if that makes a difference.
I've been a few times and have never really been that impressed. I don't maybe its just not a restaurant for me but the place has no rhyme of reason to it. ok so you go up and pick out the stuff you want them to cook and you stand at the grill thing and the point is to be able to stand and talk to your friends while they cook the food but i always seem on opposite sides of the grill. The food gets way over cooked and chopped up into tiny pieces and other peoples food is mixed into it. It also takes a really long time and i just personally don't want to stand at he grill for 30 minutes which i have before and it was on a tuesday afternoon. The only thing i like about this place is the staff that is supper dupper friendly and nice.  Plus im going to have to say those bowls are way to small for me to fit everything i want in there and at lunch you get charged one fee for your first bowl then another like $4 for every extra plate you get? Doesn't really seem worth it to me.
I went there over the weekend and saw it wasn't there!!! What happened to it? Can someone please solve this mystery for me!!!!
I'm used to going to BD's Mongolian BBQ, and I thought this place would be similar to my experiences there.  This place seemed like it wanted to be just like BD's but that it was trying too hard if that makes any sense.  I didn't think the food tasted as good as what I'm used to, and the selection wasn't as good either.  Most of the meat for you to choose from was frozen into large chunks and was hard to put into the bowl.  They had quite a few sauces, but again their sauce and spice selection was not as good as I'd hoped.  They seem to have a good service line set up at the grill that kept things going smooth.  The one thing that was a nice touch that I don't normally receive at BD's was that my meal came with a side.  I got the Hot and Sour soup, and it was pretty good.  I tried both it and the egg-drop soup that they offered, and hot and sour was definitely the way to go.  Overall not a bad experience and a nice change of pace for Lafayette, but not as good as what I'm used to.
Even though college town eateries may not always be spectacular, these rundown hole in the wall places often specialize the best in your face comfort food. After going without eating all morning long, I had to stop by this Asian fast food joint for an unpretentious feast. They keep the menu simple by offering two types of combination plates for under $9, and the trick was for me to pack as many ingredients from a buffet of uncooked meat and vegetables into my empty bowl before they bring it mountain high with a truckload of slippery noodles and spoonfuls of soy sauce, chili oil, hot sauce, sesame oil and cooking wine. The pay first, self serve concept was a breeze through the assembly line before my less than artistic culmination was sent to the humongous barbeque grill for it to be stir fried by the cook and his ridiculously long chopsticks.

By the time my sizzling hot plate arrived it was loaded with razor thin slices of pork, chicken, and lamb supported by cilantro, cabbage, mushrooms and ample golden noodles. I asked for it to be extra spicy without garlic and the taste was down to earth delicious along with my bowl of vegetable soup, steamed rice, and two pieces of warm sesame bread. While the quality of the ingredients was not the best, the meat still managed to stay moist with decent texture. I've been coming here for years and the mega meal has always been easy greasy to flat out hit the spot.

I've seen people who can really pack those bowls and were able to eat there with enough to take home for another meal. Overall, it was a solid experience at a decent price for Westwood. Service was quick and friendly as the tiled floor, rugged dcor, and futile atmosphere was all part of the design to get me in and out within half an hour. I will definitely be back for more.
THe food is out for everyone to touch like a bad buffett.  The last time i was there i watched some little kid much his dirty hands in the raw chicken and his parents laugh and think it was cute.  Really - pay extra and let professionals touch and cook your food.  It's discusting - trust me.
Came to this place so hungry. The place was empty and the workers were so out of it. The noodles didn't really taste much of anything. The cooks are the ones who put noodles and sauce into your bowl and the one who did mine, did it poorly. The noodles didn't taste much of anything. No flavor what so ever. And there's like 3 signs that says "No sharing." okk wth?!?!? I would rather go to the one in glendale galleria because they're noodles taste hella better than this one, & you put your own sauce and noodles into your place & THE ONE IN GLENDALE, YOU CAN SHAREEEEEE!!!
I really like this place. Yes, the actual price seems expensive at first for one plate of food. But it can last you 3-4 meals depending on how much you eat. I skip the meat and go for some veggies like cabbage and spinach, and whatever else I'm feeling that day. There's no real rhyme or reason to the sauces I put into it, I just want it to taste good and not be dry. Then I hand it over to the cook, he does his thing, and I get my food within a few minutes. Don't forget the rice. I take a lot of that. Then they have more sauces in case you didn't put enough on there before cooking. I love the coconut curry sauce. The people are fine, they're not amazingly nice or horribly rude.
Back in my college days, my friends and I used to go to this place all the time. It was an excellent, all-you-can-eat change of pace from bland dorm food. Eventually the fervor for this place died - we moved out of the dorms, it stopped being all you can eat, and as such was not as compelling an option.
The other day, the fact that it had been a few years since I'd been here popped into my head. Maybe it had lost some of it's luster, but I had never meant to cut it out completely. So I went back.
I like this place. You get exactly what you want. Sure, you only get one trip now, not even the two I remember, let alone all you can eat, but you can fit a lot of food in a bowl, and it's definitely enough to justify the price. I'll probably be around once in a while.
I ate here over the weekend with my boyfriend and his family. It was tasty! I will definitely come back.
unworthy of 4 stars. first off it's a dump with no apparent letter grade in the window. as with all mongoBBQ places, you're given a bowl with which to artfully stack your ingredients and oils and flavorings. whats not good is that the meats are left out in a bus tub which is why i think some of the reviews here say they got food poisoning. then after the cook fries it up for you he gives it back to you in a styrofoam togo container...and your ONLY options for utensils are a tiny plastic spork or chopsticks. in my opinion the only reason this place is so highly graded is because the majority of the customers are city college students who just don't know better. better is Mogo's in sherman oaks. at least they give you real silverware and plates! then after they gave us our cooked dish we never saw a server or waiter or nothin...no checkups to ask if everything is ok?
The only problem is they don't give noodles. They have rice only. The service is great.
It's not the greatest Mongolian BBQ, but it satisfies cravings, its cheap, and they always make sure to give me fresh warm sesame rolls. I like that they do the sauce and noodles for you because they pile on more noodles than I can own my own and it's nice not having to figure out how much of what sauce to add.
I've been craving Mongols for a while, and I took the opportunity today while I was back in Westwood to hang out with my girl Carmen and get some delicious Mongolian barbecue at the same time.

If you haven't had it before, you get a bowl, add thinly sliced frozen meat (lamb, beef, pork, and/or chicken), your choice of veggies, and then pile it high with noodles. This is all seasoned with a soy/rice vinegar type of sauce with chili pepper and other spices, and garlic if you so desire, then stir-fried on a giant open air convex wok.

It was almost as good as I remembered. We walked in, our eyes burning immediately from the garlicky smoke. We both ordered the #2 combo ($8.27 for a bowl and a drink); I also got two sesame buns, which I love for their plump, chewy-yet-airy sesame goodness.

Carmen picked lamb and I chose chicken, my usual, along with broccoli, bean sprouts, and carrots. (They also have water chestnuts, celery, and bell peppers.) We both went with medium-spicy sauce. Unlike Carmen, I have no husband waiting at home, so I asked for lots of garlic. The biggest difference I noticed in line is that you can't add your own noodles now; the guy who "sauces" your bowl now does that for you. Guess there were some overly greedy noodle-hogs who ruined it for the rest of us. (Okay, it was probably me.)

The medium-spicy sauce was hotter than I thought it would be, leaving both my throat and my stomach feeling as though they'd been physically assaulted by violent ninja chili flakes. I didn't get my sesame buns until 20 minutes after we started eating and they were substantially smaller than they were last time I ate there. Despite my very unhappy digestive system, I will so be going back again...but next time I think I'll bring some Tums.

Cash only, park at the Broxton Parking Structure (first 2 hours free) and walk over.
Oh wow.  This stuff is good.  Make your own bowl, watch it sizzle on the hot stove top,  and grab your chopsticks.  Even I can't mess this up.
My first impression was, "It's like Great Khan's!"

Don't judge me, but one of my favorite foods growing up was getting a plate full of Great Khan's at the mall food court. It's been a while since I've had it so Mongol's sounded really good when I walked by. This casual joint is a good pick for hot, hearty, affordable noodles. They have every mix-in you want and need to satisfy your tummy. The vegetable bar was fresh and you can get all you're looking for from the basics (tomatoes, broccoli, onions, mushrooms, bell peppers) to the different (my favorites: diced pineapples, water chesnuts, bean sprouts) and more to add to your noodles. They also have the charred chili oil sauces that I aways look for at Asian noodle restaurants. A quick tip is to ask for your noodles to be cooked longer so that it's not too wet, but the sauces and spices soak into the noodle for more flavor.

The lasting impression? "A tasty way to get in all those veggies you may lack in a college diet!"
When my fiance and I went back for a second time, the food had improved. The service was also much better. I think they're getting things sorted out--but I still won't be a regular.
This was probably one of the worst Mongolian grills I have ever been to. The food was edible, but honestly for lunch it was kinda overpriced. It was definitely not good, the sauces were bland, and the meats and veggies not very fresh or good. I think the only reason it is still in existence is because college students love to get a lot of food for a little money. 

Whenever I am craving Mongolian Grill I will drive to the Hot Iron in Mill Creek, much better. There are enough Asian restaurants that are reasonably priced on the Ave that I will enver go to this place again. 

It was very bland. Also, the guy working there was kinda a jerk.
Omg delicious. My best friend Cory and I go here all the time. Def an old time favorite. She doesnt pack on the veggies so they always give her extra beef. The sauces are simple and delicious. TRY THE RED SAUCE in the ketchup lookin bottle. Omg you u don't have to but we just douse our food with that stuff mmmmmm I'm drooling. Before you even sit back down with your steaming hot plate of yumms the "magic happens " and your yummy side dishes are waiting for u. Enough YUMMY words to make you go, just wait. The service is good and it's like under 10 dollars for more than enough for dinner And only 5 for lunch! Wow. Cory adds.... It's super good
I love this place, but I haven't been back recently. It's a standard Mongolian grill restaurant where you pick up whatever meat, starches and veggies you can cram into your bowl (or two bowls) and the pour one of the many sauces over it before handing it to chefs at a giant griddle who cook it, slide it onto a plate and hand it back.

The food here was always satisfying and quite tasty. The portions are enormous. You can easily get two big meals from here for less than $10. A smaller person than I could get 3 or 4 meals out of it. As one of my friends told me once told me: "I get mongolian bqq once/week ($8 = ~4 meals worth of leftovers)".
It's the same as it's always been, albeit more clearly marked. Now I know what the sauces are. I liked that they added green onion to the veggies. The price was moderate, but the amount of rice given could have been a little more generous.  Our meat (pork and beef) was fine. What bothered me (and this isn't something the restaurant can help) was that while my husband was washing his hands, two men used the restroom and left without washing their hands. The men then went and used the vegetable serving utensils to pile veggies on their meat bowls. Ick. I was glad we got there right as they opened. 

I agree that it desperately needs a good cleaning and new booths. The waitresses are also hit and miss. Once was really nice and ours was rude.

Oh, and you can ask them to clean the cooking surface if the person before you has curry or chili. (You really gotta watch for that if you come during crowded times. If you immediately follow someone with those items, your food will be pick up the seasonings. They don't like to clean it, but I've seen them do it every time someone has asked.
Hosts were not helpful or friendly. Called our name for the 20-25 minute wait (which was well over 40 minutes), and someone else took our spot and they seated them. After we complained that that was our party they actually called, the manager told the hosts to put us on next and two other parties were STILL called in front of us. Had to ask for silverware. Brought us wrong drinks. I won't go to this Fire & Ice ever again.
The place is rather smaller, but damn, this place always hits the spot!  i mean, then cracked down on building the broccoli walls and such, but you can still pack your plate and smush it down with your hands or napkin.  i think i like this place because the server puts on the noodles and spices it as you wish.  I have been to places where you have to add your own bbq and hot sauces.  i never know how much to put.  but these guys put exactly as much as you want:  mild, hot, with garlic, etc.  

they upgraded the furniture a bit, so it looks a bit nicer.  the bathroom is much better too, though its just one stall unisex.  but hey, its all good.  

I have never had a problem with the food here.  i always tend to over-stuff myself.  i could easily make it two meals, but where is the fun in that?

College kids mostly come here, because, well, its on a college campus.  what did you expect?  

as always with Westwood, parking is a problem.  but you would know that coming into this town.  

Other than parking, i really don't have anything bad to say about this place.  

the attire is really casual.  you might as well crawl out of bed and roll over here.  but you can wear whatever...
My brother and I were walking around Westwood looking for a place to have dinner and happened upon Mongols (which I guess my brother had tried back in the day). It's your typical Mongolian BBQ place. You are given a bowl that you basically try to cram as much food into as possible - frozen meats (which you smash to the bottom of your bowl) and as many vegetables as you can possibly fit. I've heard that there is a science to fitting as much as you can into your bowl and watching some of the other customers do it, they were able to get much more into this small bowl than I was. After you pack your meat and vegetables in the bowl, the cook will add noodles and sauce (mild, medium or spicy and some garlic). Its then fried on a huge flat surface and you end up with a stir fry spicy garlic noodle dish. It was pretty good, although next time, I don't think i'll ask for extra spicy as it did upset the stomach a bit afterwards. Price is pretty cheap as many of the other reviews say - for less than $10 you get your noodle dish, soup, rice and some bread.
I love getting flame bay..  you can pick what you want, and your sauces, and there are always leftovers!   They have gotten a bit mor eexpensive, around $9 with no drink or any sides...   and be careful if you go on Sunday, often they are out of main ingredients.   Other than that - love it, recommend it, and get it whenever I can, which is unfortunately usually Sunday.. :P
I have been coming to this Mongolian BBQ for 20 years, its the first restaurant we ate at when we moved to California. So the decor hasn't changed at all since that first meal but I know that every time I come I am guaranteed to be stuffed and satisfied with my meal. Plus I always have left overs to take home!

This isn't fine dining by any means but there is a good selection of meat and veggies and of course you decide all your seasoning and spice level. The prices are good and it is good for groups.
Love the place, the food is always fresh and they have plenty of items to choose from.  I also like the fact that you can take it to go.  The staff are very very nice and the prices are good and most important, it serves wine and beer.
Go Fresh is just "OK". Its a good alternative to eating the fast food that surrounds the place. It is an eye sore though. It like the walls are about to give way to all the mold growing beneath it. They also have a fish swimming in a dirty tank, makes you wanna call the humane society. 

And whats with the limit on meat? Stingy A-holes! They both eyeball your bowl to make sure you dont get too much. And the lady at the counter needs a lesson on customer service. My advice is get your food to "GO" just like the name says. Maybe then when you eat the food at home you can forget about the terrible service,the molding walls, and then try to plan a rescue mission for that poor fish in the tank!
Now, I'm not a huge stir-fry fan, but I must say I really enjoyed my meal last night at Mongolian BBQ.  Now, not for nothing, but I created my meal since you go through and pick your stir fry, sauce, meat, etc. and they cook it, but I must say, I and they did quite a nice job! I'm not a terriyaki fan so I was a little worried going but rest assured they have many many sauces to choose from (I went for their peanut sauce and it was delish).  Keep in mind you may get a piece or two of your neighboring grillers' concoctions in your dish, hehe.
We had to wait about an hour and fifteen minutes because it was so crowded, but it was worth it. It gave us time to head to Conor's for a couple beers. Time well spent.
This place is pretty solid. You pay for a bowl, then walk over to an assembly line of ingredients that you want stir-fried. The pre-cooked meat looked weird (sort of like prosciutto), though it was chicken, beef, and pork. Once you pile on everything you want your bowl to consist of; It's ready to be stir-fried.

The food? It was pretty tasty, however it was greasy. But you do get a reasonable amount for what you pay for.  With all that said, this is no place I'd rush to, there are better eating choices in the vicinity, including next door (hello LaMonica's)!
I had very joyful experiences dining in this restaurant. There are just too many kinds of sauce. I love Teriyaki the best. Don't put too many meat in your bowl! Leave some space for the nice shrimps and mushrooms and veges.
I hadn't been here in years, and it used to be one of my favorite places to eat in Ann Arbor when I was 19. Now that I've eaten here as an adult, I realize it was because I was malnourished and my body was craving large quantities of protein. 

Let me get this out of the way first: the service was excellent; our waitress was top notch and was attentive and friendly beyond most restaurants, let alone an all-you-can-eat/make-it-yourself place.

Now that I've been nice, the negatives stack up: the food is very overpriced, the selection of vegetables and meat that you can choose from is surprisingly limited, the spices and sauces can easily ruin your creation if you add one wrong ingredient, and most importantly: everything tastes the same. You can make a beef-and-onion dish and follow it up with tofu and noodles and they'll both taste almost identical. The grill clearly gets scraped off after each meal, but the taste of grease and burnt meat lingers on every single dish they serve.

Some people dig this gimmick and go because they want to see some college kid cook their food while juggling tongs and telling bad jokes. Me? If I'm paying $20 for a few bowls of bad stir fry and a beer, I at least want someone else to put the leg work into making it.
"Quantity over quality."

I've been coming here for a few years now, and overall, not much has changed over the years. When coming here with friends, one thing at least is understood: even if you come here hungry, you will have leftovers. While you certainly don't have to pile on so much food, the fact that you're paying a good amount for a bowl makes you want to get the most for your dollar. 

In any case, the selection of meats and vegetables is good. The quality  is okay, and the meats don't taste anything spectacular in the final dish. The stir-fry could be better and the entire restaurant atmosphere leaves more to be desired. While this is "the ave", there are much better places to find. Overall, I've been to better mongolian places and this place is certainly pretty pricey for what you get. 

Definitely rather come here once in a long while, when I forget how disappointed-full I was after eating here rather than happy-full.
I've been going to Mongols since I started school at UCLA. I always felt that even those the place seemed incredibly dirty and most of what you found in there hadn't been replaced/maintained in years, it had a certain charm to it. Within the last year, though, a lot of the seating, tables, and tongs have been replaced to much fanfare. It actually looks/feels kinda clean now!

But what it's really about at Mongols is the food, and it's excellent. For Mongolian BBQ novices, the idea of piling all your food in a single bowl might be a little awkward and possibly a challenge. But learning the tricks of the trade come quickly (yes, smashing food down with another bowl or a fist+napkin are all maneuvers, and employees seem to turn a blind eye to it). All the meats are tasty (even though they all taste the same), and especially enjoyable are the noodles/veggies. And when you can pile on as much veggies in your bowls as you can, you can have plenty of your favorites. 

In the end, the portions are always very big. You definitely get your money's worth and then some. And best of all: they seem to pile on the same amount of noodles into your bowl (which is ample) no matter how full your bowl is. So feel free to keep piling on without worrying if you're leaving room for noodles.
It's yum... Nothing fancy, but def good when you wanna grub :)
Meh... I went here today for dinner, my husband LOVES this place and I happen to LOVE clean establishments and lets just say I wasn't in love.
For starters, the decor is funky, 1980s leather couches, barely wiped down tables and dirty floors.
If you sit in a booth this place is NOT big girl friendly, I am 38 weeks pregnant and I've never ate a dinner so uncomfortably.
But I digress, we ordered the $12.95 all you can eat Mongolian BBQ. It comes with a soup, a wonton, an egg roll, rice, that bread thing, and of course the all you can eat deal.
The soup- It was gross, it tasted like eggy salty water. Ugh
The wonton and egg roll- They were pretty damn good, it was either that or I was just STARVING.
The BBQ- Was a 3-4 out of 10, you get your choice of chicken, turkey, pork or beef. An array of veggies, bean sprouts, pineapple, broccoli, mushrooms, onions... Things like that. And sauces. Then you take it to the guy who does the BBQ-ing. My only issue is that the guy only uses one paddle thing to toss stuff around, so say I get chicken and the next person gets beef, bacteria from the uncooked meats can get on the other person's meal. Isn't that cross contamination?! Yuck... Anyways, the little bread things were good, tasted mainly like dough and the rice was decent. Over all for his, mine and drinks it came out to $30! I was amazed and the crap you get for $30. And you can't take left overs home if you get the buffet, which is total BS, because that food winds up thrown away and wasted. I poured that sweet and sour sauce over everything to have a decent meal. The staff isn't rude but they aren't sweethearts either. 

Overall this place sucks to put it in nice terms, it is dirty, old and not very sanitary... And did I mention dirty? I will never come back.
I absolutely love this place! & it's cheap- lunch will run about $6-8/person, dinner $9-12ish.. They have a good variety of veggies and are NOT stingy about giving you lots of meat. I usually get a mix of chicken & beef, my bf likes to really mix it up with chicken/beef/turkey/ pork. They also have a good variety of sauces you get to pour yourself, I think like 6.. And these are the most delicious sauces I've had at a Mongolian place. The trick is to pour the sauce on the meat then pack on your veggies, it marinates the meat :) the staff is very friendly, the place is clean and always smells soo good, parking is plenty and yes they have beer. I live in N Hollywood and still make the trip out here once or twice a month, trust me if I could I'd be here several times a week, cheap- delicious- healthy.. Hello!! Oh and what makes this place stand out for me is NO NOODLES! They do bring rice with your meal though, I recommend  mixing the rice with your grilled food.. Rice does a much better job absorbing flavor then noodles.. If you haven't already, definitely check this place out!!
When you're hanging with your friends in Westwood and you want somewhere cheap, fast, and tasty, Mongols is a pretty good option.  For less than $10 you get a bowl than you can fill with as much noodles, veggies, and meat which the chef then cooks on a huge wok.  This one guy from school and I have this ongoing challenge to see who can jam as much food into the bowl (needless to say this is part of the fun of the place).  One thing to note, even the mild portion has quite a kick, but it's good when you're tired of pizza or standard chinese.

I've never had to wait for a table, it's a pretty low-key place.  overall, for what it is , recommended.
A favorite stop for students and UCLA football players because it's sooo cheap and tasty.

The football players generally stack the uncooked food as high as possible and then, with one of their meaty paws on top, press downward as hard as possible, squashing everything downward so more food can be stacked on top again.

It's like a game--get as much as you can into the bowl and carry it to the dude who is going to cook it without spilling everything on the ground.  Make it to the cook and you win.

Good times.
Terrible experience today. My wife and I were mocked and harassed by the grillers for being vegan. We spoke to the manager and he basically did jackshi-t. This place would be pretty good it it wasn't for constant staffing problems. Have to say we won't be going here for a long time.
i love love love this place! my family has been coming here for soooo many years! I love the pocket bread...I always have leftovers so the price being barely like 8-10 bucks per person is worth it! although the decor may not be the most up to date, everything is clean and the food is delicious with great prices! come here super hungry and trust me u will still have leftovers! yummy might just go here tomorrow :)
Don't waste your money. The concept is good, and the food was much better when they first opened, but now it just seems they are trying to be everything to everyone.

The cuts of meat and seafood appear pretty low quality, and they've been sitting on ice, but completely unprotected.

The food is all cooked on one big grill, which wouldn't be bad, except for the fact that they move the food down the line, so you're food will taste like whatever your neighbor is having...they've burned my noodles the lat two times I've been there, and I hate getting other peoples food mixed into mine.

I won't eat there again and waste time and money.
This place has gone down hill....FAST. I used to love this place but every time I eat here I get sick the next day. I wont be back.
Mongolian BBQ is fairly consistent and good at just any random hole in the wall you go to... This place is a little below the rest, granted it cheap and next to ucla, the vegis should not look a few days old and the meat have a high high fat content.., wasn't a bad meal not a great one. It was cheap and service was fast, for anyone on a budget and walking by its ok, I wouldn't go out of my way.
I've been to this location, and also to the one on M-59 and Schoenherr in Sterling Heights.   It's a nice place to go and experience this type of cooking; but once or twice is enough.  If you really like this type of cooking, then go to the Fuji Japanese Buffet in Madison Heights; or the Mongolian Buffet in Warren.  At least you can get a full buffet along with the Mongolian stir-fry.  Actually, the term "Mongolian Stir-fry" is a misnomer because you don't stir-fry anything.  You select your favorite meats and/or seafoods, then a variety of vegetables, and finally the appropriate seasonings and sauces.  Everything is then taken to the "stir-fry area" where you have a bunch of teen-agers with (2) sticks each who sing while they cook, and then some of the kids even juggle the sticks to entertain the crowd.  That's fine, but I'm there to enjoy dinner!  

The ingredients from your bowl are then placed on a huge round heated fryer.  And then the "sticks" are used to somehow stir-fry your dinner!  In my opinion, nothing is actually "stir-fried", it's just cooking with a big frying pan.  After the ingredients look like they've been cooked, the sauces/seasonings are added and the "Cook/Chef/Teen-Ager" presents you your dinner.  You can order the "one-bowl" or if you're hungry, go for the unlimited bowls.  

BD's Mongolian BBQ is not a barbeque, and it's not "Asian Stir-fry"; but it's a nice place to take the kids.  The dining room is airy, the "show" by the teenage cooks was entertaining, and your kids will enjoy picking the ingredients for their dinner.   But on a negative side, the "cooks" are not professional chefs, the menu is way overpriced, everything is over-cooked, and visiting once is enough.  Unfortunately, I went twice.  

PS:  The second time was to attend a birthday party
The irony of this place is that Mongolians don't actually eat like this - this is completely a Taiwanese concept!

Everything is extremely salty.  I do recommend you try it if you've never been here before, but there really isn't any reason to come here again.

Another lunch spot targeted towards poor college students who don't care.
I'll just summarize what everyone else has to say:

Good: $7 plates (with drink and rice), meat, noodles, hole-in-the wall

Bad: they started cracking down on meat packing.

foolproof formula:
meat
more meat
more meat (uncurl those edges)
flat veggies (e.g. lettuce, peppers)
meat
some sauce
more meat
more sauce
bigger veggies
noodle mountain
Food tastes just okay.  MSG mix with Soy Souce.  Everything looks too black, over cooked.  They really need to clean the cooking surface.
What Waterloo needs most is decent restaurants.Mongolian Grill is not helping this issue. The premise behind Mongolian grill is that you pick out your ingredients/sauces and pass then to a "chef" who operates a teppanyaki of some sorts. There is a large selection of ingredients and sauces to choose from. However, most of the ingredients are lacking in freshness. 

Going to Mongolian Grill is usually hit or miss depending on the freshness of the ingredients of that day and the chef's competence at the grill. Overall I would avoid Mongolian Grill.
First time here might feel a bit different in terms of a lunch/dinner experience but if you get the food you like it's pretty good.
Ok so this place isnt the "nicest" looking....but dont judge a book by its cover,(or fisrt few pages) lol......great food,great price !!!!! Easy 4  +
This place is YUMMMM, i was a bit leary when pulling into parking lot, but the quality and pricing superceeded the exterior. My friends and i love going there.
What's there not to like?! Place is unique, cool, and a breath of fresh air. Food was good and fresh. Service was excellent as always. No complaints, just a great experience. Impressed with the cooks at the grill. They def work hard and try hard to entertain. Appreciate that.
Hands down, one of my favorite places on earth. I know sounds, exaggerated, but not only is the food good, the prices reasonable and the staff nice, but the setting on the patio is beautiful and the location for many of my great memories. The food is really flavorful and normally perfectly cooked, although sometimes the heat from the sauce is inconsistent. I recommend taking half of it home and eating it later, because the portions are huge. Also hot tip: add sesame seeds to your food and have the rice and noodles.
Been eating here for 27 years and still love it.  Anytime I come to claremont I have to eat here.

Love it.  It is tired and run down but the food has not changed one bit in those 27 years.
Everyone has their favorite, local hole-in-the-wall spots they love to frequent and this place is on the top of my list. Yes, there are no windows, the owners use the first booth as their office and it looks like nothing has changed inside since the '80's, but I say if the food is great, who cares??? I have never been here for lunch but I definitely recommend it for dinner. 

For $12 you get soup, wontons, egg rolls, and rice to enjoy with your bowl...and of course the pocket biscuits. These seal the deal!! Unlike lunch, you create your own combination of meat, choosing from chicken, pork and beef and a variety of different vegetables. I have been coming here since I was a kid and can remember always trying to smash as much as possible into my bowl and then watch in fascination as my food is cooked right before my eyes with the hugest knife I had ever seen....A previous review complained that you can taste the flavor of the order cooked ahead of you but I have never had this experience. What I have noticed is some customers ask for the grill to be cleaned before their food is cooked and cooks have gladly accommodated them. 

If you are looking for a casual place to have dinner and relax with some friends at a great price then this is your place. See you there!!
I've been going to this place for years, and I love it.  That being said, if you want to go somewhere and sit down, relax, and have people bring you food, it's not the place for you.  Here, you put your own mix of raw ingredients together, concoct your own sauce, and then hang out around a big grill while they cook it up for you.  I have been there a few times at lunch when they would bring the cooked food back to your table for you, but the majority of the time you have to wait for it.  This is usually fun as you can see the variety of combinations other people have made, socialize with your friends and maybe some strangers, and get in some good people watching.  

If you're a vegetarian or have some other dietary restriction and don't want your food cooked on the big grill with everyone else's, you can have them cook it for you in the kitchen.  Just ask your server or any manager-type-person you see.  It is a good place for vegetarians/vegans as you can put your own food together and not worry about bacon mysteriously appearing.  They also have a salad bar.

Lunch is the best deal here at about $10.  Go hungry.  

They apparently have a Sunday brunch that sounds pretty awesome, but I haven't had a chance to try it.
Blaze of Glory, Day 2:  First we check in to the Super 8, and just when it  couldn't get worse, we ate here for dinner.  

I'm not sure why we chose to eat here. I think other places were closing, and we didn't want to eat at a bar.  However, based on how sick I was the next evening, I would have been better off drinking beer for dinner instead of BD's Mongolian BBQ.  I had never been that ill from a restaurant meal in my life.
Recently renovated, always improving I place it on top among its kind.
There is noting better then grilled meat and veggies, and   Ruzhen Mongolian Grill gives you that on his unique and simple way.
Highly recommend.
Well this was my first trip to go fresh Mongolian.

I was told to get everything I wanted cooked in a bowl and then they will cook it for me.

I saw people filling up I foot high bowls. I added beef , pineapples, mushrooms, roots, cilantro, tomatoes and green chili.  I do not know what oil they used oil they used for  cooking and my bowl was but on the hot cooking plate. Maybe they should turn it often but I felt the cooking was overdone and I could see black residue. 
The looks turned me off. Maybe this is how the food is supposed to be.

The pineapple and beef tasted the best.

Felt very heavy after this meal.

I would give Pandas cooking more stars.
I really wanted to like this place but the restaurant & Kitchen just seemed dirty and outdated.  The rice was way over cooked and the beef tasted funny/old.  Good prices but the food is no good.
I love all the mongolian bbq's. The parking situation here makes it easier to go to the one in Dearborn since they are both far away but if you are nearby it's worth it
So with my previous review praising Emeperor Mongolian, I was yet again on the hunt to find another Mongolian spot that I havent been to. This time a spot closer to my job to hit on lunch. I came across Mongolian BBQ in Claremont. So I am giggly goo before I hit this spot already pairing it up to be on par with Emperor. Well fahgetaboutit, first off it took me a minute to get seated. Then it went downhill from there, I picked my meat that I wanted and they bring you a bowl of meat which I actually dont like because I would rather do it myself. I will say they were not stingy with the meat. Anyway I ordered the regular bowl and a Lemonade. I took my bowl to get to the noodles and realized that they dont have noodles there and it was only veggies and a select of sauces. Immediately I am upset so I am just like whatever and I sit down and eat. I go to sip my drink and it was water...not lemonde. I scarfed my food down as fast as possible and got the hell out of dodge, when I received the bill the lemonade had the nerve to be on it.

I didnt leave bother leaving a tip, as I was too busy leaving as fast as I possibly could to shake the spot. I won't ever go back here the fans of this place can have it.
OMGZ, so much food for so cheap!

You must have no shame when loading up your bowl.  

Meat first - smash it down really good - then veggies (create a ring around the bowl with the broccoli, this allows you more support for more veggies!!) - then do sauces - then, when there is no more that can possibly fit, lightly place the noodles on top (noodle placement takes time to master.  don't be discouraged)

Your bowl should be about a foot tall.

And the free rice is like another meal.

And don't forget to tip the cooks, so they won't tell everyone what a fatty you are.
Okay, after a year's worth of working/eating in the village, this is my favorite place to go. I've converted a few of my coworkers to Mongols-fiends, and we end up here more often than not.
This is the best place for mongolian bbq. Good flavors, lots of toppings. And the cook it on that big round iron pan....soooo good! 

They are on a decline w/ increasing menu items, less flavorful than before, and the parking always sucks in westwood.
I agree with Nokolaos. The food here is sub par. Good for customization if you have a group of people with some fussy eaters, but overall, lacking in pizzaz. In addition to freshness issues, I find the Mongolian lacking in flavor. The sauces for example don't really add much to the stirfry and unless i drown my food in them, I can barely taste them.
I've got some history (as do many UCLA alumni) with Mongols.  I started going in 2000 and went all through undergrad, grad school, and still go today when I'm in the village.

I've seen it change hands many times.  I've seen the menu evolve to add all kinds of other things like shrimp and special dishes and then return to combo #1 or #2.  I've seen the food grade go from A to B to A to B to A ... more times than I can count.  I've also seen the prices go from around $7 to around $10 and refills from free to $0.50 or however much it is today.  I've also seen the evolution from allowing the customer to add their own noodles to having the staff do it because people were taking too many noodles :P

I don't necessarily agree with the price increases (especially with soda refills) and the noodle-capping definitely bums me out, but despite all of the many other changes in scenery and management the food is still what it's about, and the food is as good as ever.  If you know how to pack a bowl right you can get tons of food for a decent price and the sh**s you have the next day will be just as consistent as the good flavors when you eat the food.

Mongols is part of the UCLA college experience.  Everyone should have that experience.
I've always highly doubted if Mongolian BBQ is traditionally Mongolian.  It's basically a stir-fry buffet that you pick out and they throw it over a giant flat top and cook it in front of you.  Mesmerizing for some, but it's really not that special.  Anyways, Mongol's was were I learned the tricks of thieving as much food from these places as I could.  Get your meat, pack it down in a flat layer and mold it up the edges of the bowl extending past the walls of the bowl thus creating a bigger bowl so it can hold more shit.  That's how to do it - sorry Mongol's if this reduces your profits but college kids gotta eat!
$9 for a dish. My food was not cook all the way. Well it was for the meat but for some reason my veggies are still raw. :T

the chief who cooked it looked kind of stuck up.
This is a great place. It's a raw buffet where you fill up a bowl with whatever veggies, meat, pasta, etc you want and bring it to the huge grill and they grill it right in front of you. There is always a very large selection of raw foods available to choose from. My favorite is the cajun chicken with sweet chilli sauce. Super.
It's got everything you expect from a mongolian bbq spot. I was happy they let me grab my own noodles compared to some places that don't let you. They have a limited amount of sauce to choose from, but the sauces available do the job. What tripped me out was i got a bowl of rice for free, nice, but i had no room for it after i was done. It was cool that they had boba there. I had a satisfying asian fast-food experience.
This is one of my favorite reaturants in westwood. i am here every week. the food is amazing. the prices are a little high( $8), but for the amount of food u get it makes sense and beleive me u get a lot of food. the only thing i dont like about the place is that it is dirty. it is a little annoying. and just last week i saw the health inspector put a B on the store removing the A grade.  But the food makes up for these problems.
Obsessed with this place! I bring all my friends here and they love it as much as I do. Cheap delicious and I always have enough for a second meal :)
I'm not going to say that I am an expert when it comes to mongolian grills but I will say that I have seen the promised land - and it was good.  The Hot Iron by UW is simply terrible in just about every way.  They only have two noodle options, no turkey meat option, and their cooks use WAY too much water when cooking.

I am experienced when it comes to putting together my bowl at these places.  I know how much of everything I need in order to have a good meal.  The combination of sauces is a delecate process that requires multiple attempts before you find the right balance between sweet and spicy.  Despite my best efforts at putting together a solid bowl, my hard work was undone by a cook who thought water was the main ingredient in my meal.

Ultimately, my chicken tasted boiled, the mushrooms were boiled, and all of my sauces and spice were washed away leaving me with a bland mushy mess.  Glad I didn't tip him.

This is the first mongolian place I've tried since moving to Seattle but, if this is what passes as a 4-star place, I guess I'm in trouble. 

Oh, and if you are ever in Phoenix and want to try the most amazing place - look up Stir Fry Paradise and go see what real stir fry is supposed to look like.
As one of the only...if not THE ONLY Mongolian BBQ joint in Westwood...this place definitely hits the spot when you're in the mood to load up on frozen meats and fresh veggies mixed with yummy noodles and cooked on a giant slab of goodness!!!

For the price and selection, you really can't beat it. They have 2 choices: Mongolian BBQ w/ rice, soup and sesame roll OR Mongolian BBQ with a drink. It's that easy. 

They have a good selection of flat and rolled meats and beef, chicken, turkey, and lamb. For veggies...well basically everything and way too much to list. They only thing I wish they had were PEANUTS...they give Mongolian BBQ a good crunch and I can only get that from celery or water chestnuts here at Mongols. 

Now...for you "I need to be in control" freaks...you may get a little freaked out/upset that you can't control the sauces or amount of noodles that go in your meal. That is all done by the employees. Now that doesn't bother me in the least, but I know some get really turned off by that. 

One of the best places to pick up lunch in Westwood for less than $10. You get a lot of food (if you pile it up right!) and it will keep you full all day!
I'm surprised at all of the negative reviews for Fire and Ice. As a vegetarian, it's really nice to be able to choose all of my own ingredients, although if you are a picky vegetarian, ask them to cook yours in the back so you don't get any rogue pieces of meat! 

The service is usually fine, I try to go at less busy times like weeknights for dinner because it can get really crowded and if you like them on facebook you get a chance to win free dinners.

They also have a cool rewards program that gives you $10.00 off for every $100.00 that you spend. 

It seems like most of the negative reviews are based on not liking the concept...which isn't really Fire and Ice's fault- if you are looking for stir fry, it's great, if not, you should probably not be there in the first place!

The food is fresh, the cooks are fun and I will continue to go back again and again. I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but I make an exception for Fire and Ice.

Monday is college night- all you can eat for ten bucks with a college ID! How can you go wrong!?
I'm not a big fan of a place that limits to one trip, but you really can cram a lot to your bowl.  The quality is a bit lacking, but the quantity is pretty good for what you pay for.  I tend to have leftovers that last several days, which is a bargain for $7 to $9 depending on the time of day.  

Cheap, economic, but not the greatest.  The spice and vegetable variety is a bit lacking.  The sauces are also a bit bland in my opinion.  Otherwise, it's a conventional Mongolian Grill Place.
This is the type of place you go if you want a different dining experience.  You can watch the cooks, prepare your meal right in front of you and you completely customize what and how you eat your food.
like diddy reese, this used to be the place i took my GUY friends to when they came to visit. this place was awesome because they had not yet implemented the 'PACKING' rule so basically as creative and as barbaric as we could be -- we'd mold the meat and using every law of physics to our understanding, we would try to creat the biggest mountain of noodles and meat known to man before it went on the stir fry wok. For 5 bucks it was a steal... cuz i was guaranteed leftovers the next day for lunch and dinner. For 8 bucks is it now -- not such a hot deal but i'll always have the memories.