Every time my dad and I go to berkeley we ALWAYS go to this restaurant.  And I'm sure that Berkeley has many delicious restaurants, but this place is awesomeness on a stick.  Or, in a bowl, I guess.  

The Veggie Delight salad is amazing.  It doesn't even matter what dressing you get--they're all good.  And you can probably just get the salad and share it with a friend.  Seriously.  One veggie delight salad could feed Peru for several months! (although, guinea pig is not on the menu)  And the sammiches are delicious!  the fresh bread is, as every other reviewer has said, thick and tasty.  A bit sweet, but in a good way.    The egg salad is super good, the tofu sammich is alright.  A little sweet.  the turkey is good, standard turkey sammich.  It's just that salad.  Its SERIOUS salad.

Here's the missing star (I almost rated it 5, then thought about it a bit more).... They are often out of egg salad and/or sprouts.  And, I love both egg salad and sprouts.  What can I say, I'm a california girl.  Tables can be scarce--best to figure out what you're ordering before you start standing in line, and come with a friend who can grab the table and hold it for you.  And that's about it.  I don't care  about the tables that much, but it's really really disappointing when all you want is a 1/2 and 1/2 veggie delight and egg salad sammich only to find that neither has sprouts and the sammich can't be egg salad.  Especially when you're coming from Santa Cruz.  Or Sacramento.  Or San Diego.  Then it's a bitter cup of sproutless eggsaladlessness.

P.S. Its super cheap, everything about $7 (with $2 beers, incidentally), but bring cash!! Cash only.
Massive salads and tall thick sandwiches on housebaked bread.  The flavor isn't that super great, but for quantity and price it's a hungry student's dream come true.

Van Halen and G n R blasting...
I love Intermezzo. I eat here at least once a week. The salads are amazing and huge (well, depending on who makes them). You can make incredibly smart and healthy choices here quite easily. 

Incredibly economical, too! Their prices did go up $0.50, though...
I love this place. I don't know how many times I've been here now but I've tried many things and liked each of them. 

Things to try:
-chef's salad with poppyseed dressing
-chili
-sandwiches

They're all so good and I'm sure I'll come back to Berkeley to visit my alma mater, of course, and get some amazing salad from Intermezzo.
Cafe Intermezzo is probably one of my favorite salad/sandwich restaurants in Berkeley. There is a reason (or several reasons,) why there is always a long line during lunch. Here are just some of them:

-The bread is amazing (honey wheat is the best!)
-The poppy seed dressing is delicious--not too sweet and not too heavy.
-The portions are very generous.
-The variety is great--I am personally a huge fan of their egg salad sandwiches.
-Great prices.
-A side of fruit--yay!
I am a huge fan of lunch from Le Dog.  If you work anywhere near downtown it is  an easy walk and well worth it.  In the winter, the hot soups can warm a gloomy Michigan day better than any other lunch in the area.  In the summer, the cold soups are refreshing and well flavored.

I do have to admit, I have never tried a dog there - and it is my understanding that Le Dog started out mainly serving hot dogs.
Really good bread, huge amounts of meat, a salad on each half - that's a Cafe Intermezzo sandwich.  Packed with Cal students at lunch and who can blame them?  $10 gets you 2 meals.  Get your food to go...the atmosphere inside is pleasant only if you hanker for that student union feeling again.  Service is friendly if not particularly fast and it's not the cleanest spot in town.  Avoid the egg salad...the dijon mustard doesn't work.
They style themselves an upscale bakery, but Panera Bread is really just a soup, salad, and sandwich eatery with counter service. The food's not bad, but the slim portions, high prices, and general air of confusion behind the counter make it tough to justify a return visit. I've written more at 14850 Dining.

http://dining.14850.com/directory/panera
Far from gourmet but I love their soup, sandwiches, and red velvet cake.

Really over priced when it comes to it but I can't help but crave their Buffalo Chicken Chowda!
LOVE it!

I just read a review below saying that they raised their prices and it is no longer worth the cost....ummm....it's now like 7 or 8 dollars for a HUGE salad that could feed a family of FOUR! Are you really complaining? The salads are bigger than my head, and your head, put together!

I don't eat here, I always get it to-go because it can be loud, hard to find a table, not very clean. However, if you come during "off" hours, like at night, the place is practically empty! I am not coming to Intermezzo for their atmosphere though, I am coming for their salads!

Besides the huge size of their salads (and I am serious, you need to consider sharing!) the service is fantastic. I have always had really nice people who make my salad, and cashiers as well. Dr. Andrew hates egg. Every time he asks for no egg, they offer to put in extra avocado to make up for it. Now that is great service! They really want you to get your money's worth! And I've seen his chef salad with bacon, when you order meat they don't give you a little, they give you a lot. They are not skimpy on their toppings.

The sandwiches here are pretty damn good too, but it's not what keeps me coming back.

We will continue to come here and get our salads to-go as they continue to fill my to-go box literally to the brim and give me an amazing deal!
Can we have a Le Puppy please!
intermezzo offers a variety of straight-forward, hearty, and tasty sandwiches and salads. if you're craving some fresh greens presented in a completely unpretentious fashion, this berkeley favorite is an excellent choice.

they excel when it comes to sandwiches. again, not because they are particularly inventive or fancy, but rather due to the freshness and sheer volume of ingredients. the mustard they use is nice and tangy - it's best alongside a monstrous chunk of cream cheese and what seems to be a whole avocado in their vegetarian sandwich. their bread can't be beat - baked fresh right in their kitchen.

seating can be a bit of a challenge, especially in groups of more than two. also, the line runs out the door more times than not. if you're traveling with an entourage, your best bet might be to call in your order, have one person pick it up and enjoy the tastiness elsewhere.
Cheap, delicious, healthy, nice cafe setting. What more do you want from a place in Berkeley? 

$7 large sandwiches / salads. $8 chef salad is enough for two meals. Get anything from this place, you won't be disappointed. All the good reviews are right, people who give this place anything less than 5 stars are... incredibly unrealistic.

So satisfied with this place that I decided to finally write a review on yelp after joining a year ago!
Ok the food might be good, but the service is "meh" and that's why I give this place 2 stars. I know it's always busy (or ok I only go at busy times), but there are plenty places which endeavor to be at least moderately friendly even while it's crazy busy. 

Finding a table is about equivalent to finding parking in the area - terrible.

But if you really want to hang out, eating in always has more food than a take out box does.
This is my first review so bear with me. 

It's Sunday morning rain has fallen... and I'm at the dark cave called work. I've been eating pretty badly lately--diabetes inducing drinks, pastries, and enough salt for a village. So, surprisingly enough, I've been craving something healthy, and thus the trip to Cafe Intermezzo.

The interior is small, quaint, with plenty of tables so it feels a bit crowded. Not too many people on a Sunday afternoon which was nice. Menu is pretty simple, and wanting something meaty, I decided to go for the chef's salad with roast beef. 

The total was off-putting $7.75. I mean, what kind of salad costs that much?! Well my friends, Cafe Intermezzo makes their salad worth your money. It was amazing how many things went into it--garbanzo beans, mix of greens, kidney beans, cherry tomatoes, one hard boiled egg, croutons,a good six ounces of beef and HALF of an avocado! It also comes with a huge slice of honey wheat bread and a small slice of pineapple. What they say is true--this bread is soft, slightly sweet, and you can tell it's very fresh. I don't like dressing very much, but they give you a generous 3-4 oz of it. It tasted pretty light and not overpowering.

Only downside is that my egg was way overcooked--it had that brown/green lining on the inside, and they didn't have any alfalfa sprouts or their low fat dressing. Service was alright, just seemed indifferent towards customers. The container also came wrapped in about three feet of plastic wrap--not exactly necessary or earth friendly. Cash only.

Overall a good experience. I eat a lot, but I still have enough salad to last me another meal or two. Will definitely be back again, but probably asking for my food without the plastic wrap.
Ugg! What happened to this place?! This used to be a regular haunt of mine a few years ago during frequent trips to Berkeley, but it has seriously gone down hill since then if my recent experience is any indication! I came here for a quick lunch on my most recent trip to Berkeley and found it to be filthy, smelly, and fly-ridden. It looks like nobody had bothered to clear tables in hours and there was nowhere clean to sit. The floor was sticky and covered in food, and there were flies landing on the discarded food piles around us. It was so disgusting that we left in a hurry, even though I thought I'd be OK with sitting at a dirty table. 

I really loved Cafe Intermezzo... I hope someone get this place to clean up their act soon!
I've been here around three times now, and I would average my three experiences to a total of three stars.

The first time I came here, I was lured in by all the talks of the notorious Intermezzo salads that you eat for three meals throughout the day. However, when I opened my salad box, NO EXPLOSION! DISAPPOINTMENT! I was waiting for the volcano of romaine lettuce and carrots as people described, but instead, I got a half full box of leaves and some shitty dressing b/c nobody told me about the poppyseed dressing and I ended up getting some bleu cheese shit that was absolutely tasteless.

The second time was more enjoyable and I did take it home and eat it for two meals... BUt I dont' know if it's a personal thing or if my salad was skimpier than other people abut i don't really know how people can eat one salad for two meals... I acvtually could have finished htis in one sitting but I felt judged because everyone around  me were barely halfway there. Same with the third time. However, I will have to say that the bread here is yummayyy and if you do get the salads, I recommend the Chef's or something b/c so far i've only had the veggie delight (no beans or meat, 4.50) which is probably why i'm less satiated than other people. I guess for a few extra dollars (i think it's around 7 or 8), it's pretty worth it, but i've always just been turned off by the heaping mound of beans they put in it and i hATE BEANSSS so it's all good
It was 12:44 p.m. and I had two hours or so to eat and catch up on some reading before a business meeting in Pasadena. I despise paying for parking, so I found 2 hour signs on Catalina (about 2 blocks east of Lake) and walked two quick blocks up to Lake. 

My lunch goal? Healthy, cheap, and no fuss. Although I contemplated Chipotle's 2,000 calorie burrito, I made a mad dash across the street to Souplantation, land of the healthy buffet.

I grabbed a tray and plate and shoveled mounds and mounds of salad-y goodness on my plate. I'm a fan of their cold and hot pastas and their seasonal items. All you can eat soup, salad, and a drink ran me $11 and some change. Can't beat that with a bat.

I sat in the area that reminded me of a greenhouse so I could bask in the sunlight (I'm perpetually cold) and have a nice place to read my book to kill time before my meeting. They have funny bunches of tomatoes print carpet.

I finished everything I got and didn't go for seconds. Hey, just because you "can" doesn't mean you should, Fatty Mc Fat! 

This is a great place to go when you're guilty of previous counts of junk food consumption and need to catch up on your 5-a-day quotient for the week.
One of the gems of Berkeley. Hearty whole grain breads, great salads, lots of brussel sprouts, amazing sandwiches--truly the place you want to go for a healthy meal. To make it even a sweeter deal, it's a great bang for the buck (a.k.a. cheap).

Be forewarned, it's only cash, so don't come walking in only with plastic.
The place is *NOT* closed - it just was renamed.
Quick: where in BK can you get lunch in less than 5 minutes? You guessed it, smarty-pants... SF Soup Company.  

On this particularly cold day Nate S. and I strolled down to Tele, me for soup, him for smoothie.  After Nate S.'s hand nearly froze from the coldness of the smoothie and I was warmed up just thinking about my bowl of tomato soup, I convinced him to swing for soup during these winter lunches.   I closed the deal by mention of the sourdough bread bowl.  Nate S. has always considered me a great sales-person.  SF Soup Company, I now bring you one more loyal customer.  Can I get a referral bonus for that? 

I wish this place were closer to my office.  Then I would seriously have the perfect diet of soup, salad and piece of bread for $6, which would help me keep my girlish figure.
If you want a salad without the salad BS.  This is Awesome.  I love this place.  ALL the food is killer, if you want to sit down in a garden & have the same food with Onion Rings, go nextdoor to the sister: mannys, formerly Reileys.  The line is usually out the door.
Used to love going here with my roommate to drink a Rockclimber and split a BLTA.  However, the sandwiches seemed to have gone downhill.  I only go here for the salads now.  The soups were never very good.  

Portions huge, and the salads have a nice variety of veggies.   The sprouts often get left out and I have to request them.

note: CASH ONLY!
Breakfast burritos are bomb!
Really good sandwiches and soups!  Coffee is good too!  The cookies are alright, but I've only tried the sugar cookies so far. The bagels are good, but they lack a toaster there for public use which lessens the yumminess of the starchy bagels.  The sandwiches and soups are slightly pricey for blacksburg, but possibly worth it, since I haven't been disappointed yet. 

The only downside is that it is located on the opposite end of campus from my office.  Therefore I rarely get the opportunity to make the hike across the drillfield.
I was craving for soup and since i was only across the street, i decided that i would give this place a go. I decided to get the New England Clam Chowder in a bread bowl not knowing that we were given a piece of bread along with our purchase. Because it was really loud in there, i couldn't hear the girl telling me we got free bread with the soup. The girl that served me was really impatient. She made me feel really rushed even though there was no one behind me and she had a really sour attitude. But whatever. The girl that rang me up made up for it because she was a lot nicer and had actual manners. I looked aroundfor a place to sit, but there was none. So i walked out to find a bench to sit on and when i finally did i had the most difficult time opening the lid! my friend and i spent almost a good 5 minutes trying to open that stubborn thing. but that didn't matter. When i finally got to taste the soup, it wasn't as great as i expected it to be. I've had much bettter New England Clam Chowder. I was pretty disappointed. I expected the food to be much better than what i received.
Salads always taste better when someone else makes them, especially when they are topped with the world's best poppy seed dressing and a huge half of a sandwich. When you pay less than six dollars for said meal, you might as well go home and go to bed, as you're not going to make a better decision for the rest of the day. I guess you could always walk down the street to Mario's La Fiesta later. That would be a smart decision, but then you'd also be a horrible glutton...a horrible, dirty glutton.
i like intermezzo's eggplant sandwich, it's like the best eggplant sandwich in the world.  as for their other sandwiches, there's really nothing special about them.  I like how they have the half sandwich/salad combo; it's about $6.75.  you get a huge thing of salad.

i suppose it's not anything special worthy of the huge lines it gets, but man, it gets 4 stars for their eggplant sandwich.
What a bargain. The salads are enormous and fresh and contain wonderful things. A great way to get yourself to eat something healthy. The staff is extremely friendly and you get your food very fast. For under 7 bucks you can get a HUGE salad or a giant healthy sandwich. I usually share the salad with one of my daughters or take it home for a whole other meal. Sit in the window and groove on the Telegraph avenue scene or sit in the back and feel like it's 1968 in a folk club.
When I eat a Greek Chicken Lemon soup with artichokes, orzo, and garbanzo beans, I want all of the flavors of the ingredients. I want to taste chicken. I want to taste artichokes. I want the taste and texture of orzo pasta. The garbanzos should add a light flavor. And a little lemon should permeate all of the flavors.

The soup I had today had only one flavor, and I can't place it. The chicken tasted like the artichokes which tasted like the orzo which tasted like the garbanzos, and all of it was bland. There wasn't even a hint of lemon. It was as if the entire soup were thrown into a blender, pureed, and somehow molded back into the shapes and textures of the ingredients.

They call the sandwiches they serve "half sandwiches". It's more like a one-inch-wide slice of a sandwich for $3.75. One "half sandwich" is at the same time more than you'd ever want to eat (because it's so bad) and definitely not enough to satisfy even the lightest eater. I'm pretty sure the bread was made last Wednesday. That might've been okay on Thursday morning, but today is Sunday.

As Jenna said, they do offer a special where if you buy soup and a half sandwich, they take a little bit off the price. What they don't tell you is that if you buy soup and two half sandwiches, they don't give you the special price. So I ended up paying over $14 for a really bad and tiny meal.

I gave a second star because they serve Coca-Cola products, not Pepsi.
I like Intermezzo but I think the quality has gone down in the past year or so. It's mad busy during lunch hours, so don't even bother if you only have a 30min-1 hr lunch break. 

What I recommend: Chef's Salad. Delicious and solid. I've ordered it a couple times and I've always been content. But its ridiculously gigantic. Definitely something you can share. 

Sandwiches: Chicken salad is good, but tell them light on the spicy mustard. They slap on way to much and you end up tasting more of the mustard then anything else. 

Don't recommend: Eggplant amore. You would think they would have better vegetarian options, but this was a leaky mess. The sandwich collapsed and the eggplant was soggy. 
BLT: I LOVE bacon, don't get me wrong. But way too salty, almost tasted like jerky.. And bacon is only good when its fresh anyways. 

Complaint: Bathroom has no seat covers!!! For an establishment that has this much popularity and clientele, please don't be cheap. Also, it only accepts cash. As a college student, I rarely carry any cash on me.
they ask you if you want them to mix in the dressing or if you want to mix it in yourself. trust me, get them to mix it in. if not, i dunno how you will be able to in the box cuz the salads are HUGE!

-1 star because they dont have salads that have meat. at least, i didnt see any.
I love this place because it focuses on soup, which I love!
Everyone likes the corn chowder, i agree that it is delicious, but my favorite is the Tomato Bisque with some cheese. Its is just so rich and the acidy and creamy taste of the soup is really good for dipping your free piece of sourdough bread in.
The sandwiches are premade, so they are not that good,
And if you are going to get a salad, get the custom ones, not the premade ones.
Great combos. You can get salad + soup, salad + sandwich, and probably sandwich + soup. The salads are HUMONGOUS (hand-tossed), and the hummus sandwich was pretty good. Quite a deal for $6.75.
my favorite
chef's salad with tuna salad with poppy seed dressing on the side--this is two servings for sure
i've tried the sandwiches once or twice, and they're decent, but nothing compared to the salad--just stick to the salad :)
Just had lunch here with the family for a Sunday lunch after church . The staff was really friendly and despite the crowd , we were seated within a few minutes after paying .  

As far as the soups go , i ' d have to say that the Clam Chowder was a favorite . But i really didn ' t enjoy the Big Chunk Chicken Noodle Soup , the noodles weren ' t cooked well and the soup wasn ' t all that great but i guess it wasn ' t horrible . Everything was decent or better . Other than that , i really liked the breadsticks .

Overall , i ' d say it was decent . I ' m not so much of a pasta/salad eater so for me it wasn ' t to die for . The one thing i do have to add though is don ' t sit next to the exit , especially in this cold weather . As people exited the cold air just blew through and it wasn ' t very pleasant . 8.99 is a pretty good price though .
Never thought I could crave a salad until I had Intermezzo!

- Fast Service
- Long lines during lunch hours (but theyre quite speedy with their salads!)
- POPPY SEED DRESSING
- Portions big enough to split with a friend or for a second meal! If you choose to save half for a second meal I recommend asking them to put dressing on the side so the leaves aren't soggy!
A definite YUM place to go to and its open late! 

My cousin and her boyfriend, fellow UC Berk Alums decided to take me here for dinner, since I am on a salad diet. This was seriously the perfect place. It was really busy on a Friday night and this place offers simple food options, but there is uniqueness to their menu. I got the half salad, half sandwich combo. I got the regular tossed salad with the apple chicken sandwich. Their food portions are HUGE! FYI! Their salad's are best known with their poppy seed dressing. It sounded kind of ehh to me but my salad came out tasty! Ohhh I loved the cherry tomatos and croutons in the salad. Definitely gave it a kick! The sandwich was only a half size but goodness, gracious it was so difficult to bite into! The bread was super fresh and packed with whole grains (so you definitely know you're eating right) but it was so thick! I had to break my sandwich and eat it with a fork. 

This place reminds me of hippie town or something stuck in the peace, love, and joy days. I swear this place had a funky smell to it...and if you catch my drift on the hippie days and a weird smell..I think you will get the idea of what sort of smell I was sniffing.
Price: $8.00 for the Chef Salad - an enormous salad with lettuce, garbanzo & kidney beans, cherry tomatoes, sprouts, a large chunk of avocado, a sliced boiled egg, your choice of deli meat, and more. I think it's a dollar less for the same without meat, but I'm not sure. I'm a little disappointed because the prices have risen and the portions are smaller. 

Food: Hands down my favorite salad ever. I'm a regular here. I typically get the Chef Salad with poppyseed dressing (a must!), tossed in. They give you a dense honey wheat bread on the side, but you can substitute it for half of a French roll if you dislike it. It also comes with a chunk of pineapple. I haven't tried any of their soups.

Service: The lines, albeit long sometimes, always move very fast thanks to the friendly & efficient employees.

Tips: The to-go boxes are smaller. Get a salad "for here," eat as much as you can, then pack it into a box. I usually still have enough to fill a whole to-go box. These salads are so big that they're meant to be shared. $8.00 is pricey for a salad, but not split between two people. Additionally, this place is cash only.

Bottom Line: Despite the price increase, I will still be a regular customer. I will go out of my way to eat here! I love the salads and they're always so fresh and delicious!
It went from Cafe Intermezzo to Cafe Mattina, but now it's back to Cafe Intermezzo again. Everything is still the same, except maybe Mattina is a little sad she doesn't have a cafe named after her anymore.

Anyway, I absolutely love this place and always get the veggie delight with poppy seed dressing. I don't usually call any menu item from any restaurant my regular because I love to explore menus, but this is definitely my regular order. This is the place if you're looking for big, filling, fresh, fine salads.

*OK, an edit is needed since people have been asking. I don't know if this is entirely true, but what I heard is that Raleigh's lost their liquor license by serving to people underage, so they leased it to Manny to become Manny's Taproom. Cafe Intermezzo is also owned by whoever owns Raleigh's, so Manny named it Cafe Mattina after his wife. But recently, Raleigh has recently restored its liquor license and Manny's lease has ended. Consequently, Cafe Mattina has been restored as Cafe Intermezzo.
Come here for the salads...that is what they are known for.  The sandwiches, while tasty, serve only as a distraction.

For the uninitiated, the salads are served in a medieval trough of a bowl.  Veggie freshness overfloweth, and eventually, it will overfloweth onto your lap and fly onto those dining in your blast radius.  But no matter, everyone is enjoying their food and doing the same..."Flight of the Valkyries" is an appropriate soundtrack to the orgiastic mastication of non-meat.  The floor is covered in detritus but you don't care because you fought hard for your seat in an area where there are only 2 flies buzzing overhead instead of 7.  

The homemade honey wheat bread is a fitting accompaniment to your salad.  You'll just wish you hadn't eaten so much of it because your salad never seems to disappear.  Cucumbers, carrots, garbanzos, kidney beans...they just keep reappearing.  Can you try to finish?  A wise little green man once said:  "Do, or do not.  There is no try."
I'm in love with this place!  For $6.50 you get the biggest salad you've ever seen.  I always ask for the dressing on the side so I can make 3 meals out of it. I used to like their bread, but the last few times, I wasn't too impressed.  Next time I'll ask them to hold the bread since it's really not necessary when you have so much other yummy stuff to put in your belly!
I will typically stop at a Souplantation when I'm in CA and this was my first visit to this location. In hind sight, I wished I had gone to my usual location. I was here on a Sunday evening, and like all of my visits to Souplantation, the line was out the door. It took just over 20 minutes to get through the salad bar line and be seated at a table. The food itself was fine and typical based on other Souplantation's I've been to, but what I didn't like about this location was how "dirty" the salad bar was. All the way down the line, I found food spilled into other containers and food accumulating along the shelf you slide your tray down. Next time I'm in CA, I will go back to my usual location.
GROWL. That would be my stomach.. and the bears! GO BEARS!!! :)

Mmm, I love the huge salads and $7 sandwiches here. If you're starving and yearning for something made with fresh & healthy ingredients, then come on in! This place never disappoints me when I'm super hungry. I like the thick, honey wheat bread that they use for their sandwiches. I always leave satisfied. It's the perfect place to grab a sandwich and share it with a friend. I prefer to take it to-go because the place itself doesn't seem too appealing. Happy sigh, I always feel so nostalgic whenever I'm in this area. Once a bear, always a bear. xo
HUGE FRESH SANDWICHES!!

This place makes their bread fresh all day and their sandwiches are so big and full of yummy goodness!! Their BLT is amazing and they will make pretty much any sandwich you could ever want! And if you want to cut down on carbs they make huge salads too with all of the freshest veggies all for very cheap college prices. For a healthy option that will have you coming back for more go here!! There can be a really long line at times, so don't go during rush hours for eating and you'll be fine. Either way their bread is worth the wait!
While many are enchanted by the trough-size salads, I cannot count myself among them.

I first discovered Cafe Intermezzo while working in West Berkeley. My friend and co-worker, a Cal grad, loved the place and suggested we get salads for lunch.

Yes, they are huge. But I'm for quality over quantity and I just don't think the balance is here.

And in the end, there's more to salad than lettuce alone.
Craving for soup, I decided to stop by the Soup Company since it's my first destination on Southside. I settled on the New England Clam Chowder 16oz, which came out to be about $7. For an extra $1.50, they will give you a bread bowl to go along with your soup. If you aren't willing to pay for that bread bowl, don't worry because all soups come with a free piece of bread! The soup is pretty good, nothing out of the ordinary, but it does have a lot of substance (potatoes, clams). 

Compared to Stuffed Inn, my destination for soup on North Side, the new england clam chowder at Soup Company is definitely much more expensive. However, the Soup Company does provide a large variety of soups so if you are looking to be adventurous, checkout the soup company!
It's hard to review a place that focuses all their energy on soup, but I checked it out today and was not really that impressed.  

First, its astronomically over-priced.  Soup should be cheap.  When a restaurant cleans out their cooler and finds an abundance of extra peas, that's the soup of the day.  If the soup were less expensive, it would be worth going back.

Second, I hate the name.

Third, their split pea was alright and their chicken tortilla soup was good.  The bread was bread.  I think you could order a sandwich and a salad and all that sort of stuff, but a soup and sandwich combo isn't always necessary. 

But how the hell did I spend $10 on two bowls of soup?  That's not reasonable.  This place is not reasonable.

I guess if you're sick, and have money to burn, you should check this place out.  Otherwise, stick with authentic local spots that do soup on the side-- not a place that hypes up the soup.
Due to the large amount of business they do, this is the best place for salads in Berkeley.  (They go through enough salads that their ingredients can always be fresh.)  And the salads are cheap and easily ample enough for two meals.  Personally I've never been a large fan of the sandwiches or the dense honey-wheat bread for which they're famous.
I really like Intermezzo and would eat there even if the portions were smaller.  I absolutely love their salads, and I think it's crazy for someone to complain about something like how many beans they put in the salad. They are making it right in front of you!  Just ask for fewer beans!
I had lunch at Blount's Clam Shack on Richmond St. last Saturday and it was totally amazing. The quality of the food, the service, the attention to detail was terrific. I had the Fish Taco Wrap and, for a guy with a great appetite, I found I was unable to finish the entire meal. I did eat all of the delicious wrap however. It was my first visit to the restaurant but it won't be the last by a long shot.  The place was filled with families enjoying a mea!
l. The restaurant itself is well designed and welcoming. From the minute I sat at the counter I was treated to great service; warm and friendly and efficient. As mentioned, the food was outstanding. My fish was perfectly cooked and included a "boom boom" sause: mayonnaise based with a touch of chili pepper. I also had a cup of the "Clam Bake Chowder" rich with chourice and corn, it was delicious. I'd have it for my whole meal. The manager, Mike, spent some time chatting and answered all my questions about the place. I had bought soups from the shop in Fall River beforee and, now that they are in Providence, I will visit often. Check this place out
Two near-thirty-somethings fuddy-duddies visiting famous college town just-because.  I asked a student for a food recommendation, and she recommended this place.  When it comes to eating, my partner and I couldn't be on farther realms of the spectrum, he opting for ham and cheese sandwiches and me opting for vegetarian and things I've never tried before.  

This place was able to satisfy us both and was really, REALLY good.  Crowded for lunch even at 11:30.  I had the tofu madness sandwich on a foccacia roll.  Heavenly.  I don't know what flavorings they used on that tofu but it was awesome.  Sort of like Soy Vay or teriyaki.

He had a ruben which looked also very delicious.  

Free refills on tea if you can make it back to the counter, and the tea was great.  

Probably one of the cheapest and most filling places we ate all week.
I had the Barbeque burger today.  It was very good and plentiful, the staff friendy can courteous, and I highly recommend it.  Plus, my fiance ordered the sweet potato fries.  I normally don't care for this side item, but this was the first time I enjoyed them   One order is plenty enough for 2 people.
AMAZING food! Super fresh and huge portions with both the sandwiches and the salads. If you are ever given the opportunity try the Thai Noodle Soup do so-pure gold. The only slight detraction is the awkward food ordering/pick up system. The first time can be a little confusing but it's totally worth it!
So delicious! Came here after Big Game, and I got the salad/sandwich combo. My roommate's parents took me here and suggested the poppy seed dressing for my salad and it was the greatest salad of my life!! I love sprouts and was so glad that they put them in the salad. I had my sandwich on a sourdough roll and it was huge and delicious. I will definitely come here again when I'm in Berkeley.
Huge salads!  Must try the Poppy Seed Dressing and their veggie delight, but beware, I don't believe one person can actually finish the whole thing by themselves
DAYYUMMN. These panini sandwiches be warm n gooey n flavorfill lyk u never SEEN. Tomato basil bread loaf be lyk Beyonce on my Jay-Z. Deli artists be mean tho. One them wudn't even let me holla. I lyk "plz u ugly n e wey."
I love their honey wheat bread!

The salad portions are huge, the sandwiches are fresh and juicy, and their hot chocolate with whipped cream simply sinful :)

My friends from the Tao house come here every Sunday for their dinner. I go here every time I am lazy to cook read everyday :) Living on Channing way makes it all the more easier as a choice!

N big woot for the sunshine smiles that greet you and make you your healthy meals :D
RIP!!!

I was obsessed with this place. I live in Oakland, and I considered every trip to Berkeley an excuse to order a bathtub-sized salad. Delicious, huge, cheap, comes with sweet wheat bread and pineapple. Oh my god I wish I was there right now.
It is my goal to someday eat an entire veggie salad here in one sitting.  These are big salads full of all the yummy salad toppings you could want: 1/2 an avocado, a hard boiled egg, beans, etc.  Very hearty & delicious.  The closest I've come to finishing was a few years ago.  To make it easier on myself, I ordered no croutons & didn't eat the bread (which was difficult, since it's so heavenly).  But I was focused.  I parked myself at the bar by the window, brought out a good book to read in between bites.  I ate slowly & confidently, but after an hour (this is not an exaggeration), there was still about the equivalent of a normal side salad left.  And I was fit to burst.  I just couldn't do it.  
Someday I will though, and it will be gooooooood.  I'll probably have to make an afternoon of it though.  And they'll probably have to roll me out of there.  And I guess eating till you're that full sort of negates the healthiness of this restaurant.  But these are trivial distractions to my great objective.
This is like the BEST SOUP I have EVER tasted!! The Clam Chowder was TERRIFIC. MMMMMMM.........WARM, HEARTY SOUP!!  I just have to complain about the PRICES, so EXPENSIVE for my price RANGE!!
Only can have it when I have alot of money!
Mmm mmm mmm!

I never felt so happy eating sandwich and salad!
I'm so glad my boyfriend took me to this place. I was hungry, but not sure of what I wanted to eat and Cafe Intermezzo hit the spot.

I ordered 1/2 a salad with poppy seed dressing + 1/2 chicken salad sandwich. My boyfriend ordered an Italian salami sandwich. A strawberry lemonade for me and a soda for him.

The salad was so big to be considered 1/2 a salad!! They did not hold back on the portions! Both the salad and sandwich had lots and lots of sprouts! I was so happy about that. 
The dressing was just perfect. Not too sweet or too dense. I got mine on the side and barely used half what they had given me. 
My sandwich was on soft slices of wheat bread along with tomatoes, lettuce and sprouts. Delicious! 

***I strongly suggest that you get a separate box and divide what you'll eat at the cafe and what you'll take home. It's going to be hard to finish all of it, especially for people who do not eat a lot. 

My boyfriend's Italian Salami sandwich was also very tasty. He was very satisfied with his choice. It came with a slice of pineapple, which happened to be the seasonal fruit that they add to their dishes. I took a bite of it, and it was the most juicy and sweet pineapple I've ever tasted! 

A plus was that the drinks were refillable! I didn't refill my strawberry lemonade, but it was really sweet and refreshing! I'd recommend it.

Overall, the meals were very reasonably priced for its HUGE portions and taste. Total was less than $20. 
Oh, but you have to bus your own tables and ONLY CASH!!


One of the few reasons why I'd like to go to UC Berekely. I think I can eat here everyday.
go here all the time for my salads. honestly, i think they have the best salads on telegraph at this point. intermezzo is gone and those were pretty good (and big). smart alec's has decent salads as well. but i've yet to find something as consistently good as the chicken chipotle salad here.
the regulars know me and my salad (including my usual substitute ingredient) which is a nice bonus. $8.25 is a bit steep, but i still come here every other week or so.
I know this is Souplantation and I'm not expecting anything better than I would get at Denny's or Norm's, but this particular Souplantation is disgusting! First, it took us at least 45 minutes from the second we walked in the doors to actually being seated. People in Pasadena must have been craving soup and/or salad that evening because I have never had to wait that long to be seated at a Souplantation before! Insane! Other than being mildly annoyed and cracking jokes in line about how our salads have gone stale waiting in line, this was a minor offense.
 
When we were finally seated, I went to get a drink and a straw for my drink. The entire container holding the straws had what appeared to be like dirt all over it. Not one or two straws, but the entire container of straws was contaminated. When I informed a staff member of the problem, she told another staff member about the problem who then told another staff person about the problem. Is there some Souplantation hierarchy I don't know about here? Nevertheless, the 3rd guy finally went to go get a box of new straws. A frickin' 20 minute ordeal! By now, my salad has really gone soggy. 

Let's move on over to the soup bar and my beloved chicken noodle soup - the only reason I eat at Souplantation to begin with. To my chagrin, my favorite soup was murky and bland with super soggy noodles and NO chicken inside. =( Come on Souplantation of Pasadena - have you no shame?! First the straws, now this. How can you mess this up anyway? Doesn't it come pre-packaged or frozen from the Souplantation factory somewhere? Ugh! 

Should I even bother to write about the rest of the food here? Let me sum it up in a four letter word that my 4-year-old students say about school cafeteria food: YUCK! Never coming back to this Souplantation again - even with those tempting coupons you send in the mail or that I find in the Sunday Times coupon section....
Intermezzo = deliciouso!! There is no bs when it comes to this cool spot on Telegraph, what you see is what you get. Basically all your gonna get is either soup, salad or a sandwich. Let me tell you though, you may not be able to eat your whole meal cause the servings are hearty! My fave is the hummus sandwich which is made with the most zesty hummus recipe that I've ever tasted. They also have the best homemade honey wheat bread! The only downfall is that you will usually have to wait in line (you order at the counter) and seating may be limited during peak hours. Also I found the soup to be slightly bland (maybe I shoulda added salt, who knows). Check this place out you shouldn't be disappointed.
Update now that I utilize their online ordering system regularly, sometimes for takeout, sometimes for delivery. 

I recommend their online ordering.  You can put down your special instructions and it's a lot more pleasant to order a custom salad this way (boy do I hate rattling off a list of ingredients in a line of people).  Delivery is usually pretty timely - they give you an estimated time if you put "ASAP" and so far that time has been accurate.  Once they delivered much earlier than expected.  

Note that if you want to make a "future" order, it may get done much earlier than you asked and be sitting out.  It was nice that my wrap that I'd asked to pick up at 8 PM was ready and waiting at 7:40, but I wondered how long it'd been there...
when i saw the Seinfeld episode with the "Big Salad" i immediately thought of Cafe Intermezzo. OMFG, they got the big salad going on! i'm always torn between big salad, big sando, or 1/2 & 1/2 because all their food is fresh and tasty.

no skimping on the salad toppings, tasty salad dressings, delicious honey wheat bread, reasonable prices . . . i didn't go to school at UCB, but what more could a starving Cal student ask for just a block or two from campus?

i've tried to stop by here when i have business in the area and now that i've moved to Oaktown i can slither over for no reason at all! just watch out for the peak hours where there can be a line out the door. it moves, but if you're in a hurry you may want to go elsewhere.

writing this brings back memories. there was nothing like this near where i went to school (think overpriced Peninsula university). the food in the dorms sucked and there was nothing to walk to. that's why i visited my Cal friends so often!
This place would be a great deal at half the price. But at $7 for a cup of soup, I expect something excellent. The descriptions of their soup all sound amazing, but really they all (including the famed lobster bisque) just taste like salt. Peering in there as I ordered once I saw them cooking godknowswhat in a microwave, so maybe that explains a bit of what goes wrong here. I'd prefer not paying double digits for microwavecookery.

I know people want to love the concept (hence 4.5 stars average), but it's just not that great.
I've been here so many times, I wouldn't even think that it's necessary to review. But I have to give the 5 star rating because I'm sad that it's at 4 stars right now.

Huge, delicious, nutritious, makes-you-feel-good-about-yourself salad, soup, sandwiches, coffee, tea, juice, beer, and wine place. How could you be a hater?!
This is a great place for an entree salad.  I first discovered this place as an alternative to the usual pizza and chinese food for delivery at work.  the decor reminded me alot of pinkberry in LA so I was intrigued.  Its a fun enviorment for lunch.  I like the whole build your own salad but the menu options are great too.  My favorite is the 5 star salad lots of everything good in it.  Price for how much you get is very reasonable. My only qualm is they do not have a regular soda fountain (coke, sprite, etc) only specialty sodas and drinks in bottles.  I do like those but I atleast like the option for a fountain drink.  Go for lunch cause its great for an hour lounge or on the go when your on break at work.
Dear Cafe Intermezzo,

Marry me.

Love,
Heartbeat Radio F.M.
Always quality soup. They change their menu every week. I definitely recommend this place for great soups and salads and even sandwiches! I recommend the Turkey Pesto Sandwich, Chicken Ciabatta, and Chicken Noodle Soup.
The salad I had from here was huge!  They offer all different types of greens, as well as toppings that consist of: cheeses, meats, veggies, nuts,and fruits.  I ordered a salad with roasted beets and asparagus as well as avocado and goat cheese.  It tasted really good, but the goat cheese was so minimal, that I am not sure if I actually had any. I will definitely add more toppings or double toppings next time I order.
They deliver too which is AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Read: my review of Soop. I'm just not a big fan of paying a lot for soup. This really should be 2.5 stars since it's a bit better value and is very close to campus. Soup is good, I like the bisques, and cornbread is something nice to dip with. But the price of this "better value" is still too high, though. Maybe soup is just really expensive to make? I have a feeling that the prices are meant to reflect a supposed gourmet quality.
I am the first to say that there are not that many options of healthy eats in this particular section of Harlem. It sucks big time come lunch time. I was talking to a friend that lives in the area where can I get something healthy to eat for lunch besides Subways and Fairway. She told me about Pino's. 

I always passed this shop and never thought to try it out. Tried their Mardi Gras chicken sandwich and was an instant fan. It was just enough to fill me up and not leave me sluggish for the rest of the day. It was on the multi garin bread that was delicious. (Beware nut allergy people) 

The owner is usually there in the morning. They serve breakfast platters that are great as well. The service is superb. they are very nice and they tale credit cards. That says alot for the area that this shop is in! They get it!
I'd have to say "meh." Honestly, I thought the soup I had didn't taste that much different than canned soup. I've tried the chicken noodle and clam chowder. Both were mediocre. After a few bites they were extremely bland. I didn't like the sandwich because it did not taste fresh and nobody likes limp lettuce. Or at least nobody should. I was pretty disappointed. If a place specializes in soup and has the word "soup" in its name I expect the soup to knock my socks off. But it didn't!! Service is fast and this IS good on a cold day but I'd rather stick to a warm beverage. Excellent location though. Just make your own soup instead (or buy canned if you are being lazy).
Fav salad place ever!
I had a coupon so I decided to give Blount a try.   I ordered the Lobster Salad roll with crispy fries.     The roll was nicely toasted.    The lobster salad was good, no chunks of lobster, mostly chopped together, but good.   The fries were so GOOD !!   Crispy, not oily, well done !!      I plan to go back and try their clam cakes, chowder, fish and chips, etc.   Prices are good too.      Most items under $10.
So back in October of 2008, I decided to brave the dentist and finally get my wisdom teeth removed, all 4 to be exact. However, the days following the surgery I was hungry and tired of the typical fluid one drinks while in that capacity so my husband said "hey, I will take you to a place where you can feast". He brought me to this lovely establishment and I was in heaven. I had never heard of Souplantation, as I had recently moved to California from the east coast and we don't have this place over there.

I fell in love with the variety of soups and breads. I was able to actually have a filling meal considering my state. 

Over a year later, I have sadly only been back twice--my husband doesn't care for the place so that hinders my visits. However, I enjoy the fact that I receive emails for buy one, get one free meals--10 bucks for 2 people to dine on all-you-can-eat salad, soup, bread, and dessert is quite a deal in my book. I think its a great stop for a leisurely lunch, not harsh on your belly or wallet.

I have no complaints about this place, except that I would like to go more often.

May I add that I think it is absolutely AWESOME that this place serves honey butter!
Good variety of salads, soups & pastas. Most everyone went back to buffet for seconds. Overall, food was good & company was great as usual. I'm not a fan of dining @ long rectangular tables because it makes it more difficult to mingle.
Good place.  It's hard to find "Healthy" restaurants in Atlanta and this place has some pretty good salads.  The selection of ingredients and dressings are unique and extensive.  The atmosphere is very chill and zen like. 
The only problem is they close at 9pm, but I suppose if you're eating healthy, then you're not eating that late.

I particularly enjoyed the Asian salad with grilled chicken.
My favorite place in Berkeley. The last time I was there, I got a big ass salad and a appetite enducing prescription from the boys on the corner and I died and sat among the cherry blossoms outside my hotel room in Chinatown, SF.
Went here for the first time the other day when I was craving soup in a sourdough bread bowl. They were out of the soup I wanted, but I got chicken tortilla soup and it was pretty darn good. It even came with cheese, cilantro, and tortilla chip strips on top. The bread bowl could have been a bit fresher, but I couldn't really tell with the soup in it. The servers were really nice and smiley without being saccharine. I wish there was more seating inside, cause I was squished up along the window... But for the price you pay, it was really quite good!
The seating is fair but the salad's aren't as good as friends hyped them to be.  I didn't like the roast beef sandwich and their honey wheat bread is too thick and quite stale in comparison to the honey wheat at Bancroft Cafe, which is just a few blocks down.

Even with this in mind, Intermezzo makes the BEST - P.B.H.B's - EVER.  I have gone there every other day this week for a P.B.H.B. and an iced coffee.  It's exactly what I need to pick me up in the middle of a sluggish afternoon.

(PBHB - peanut butter honey banana sandwich)
I went back two more time afterwards...and i just had to take away one star...i wish i could give them 2.5 stars. They are REALLY trying and the employees are very nice! But they have some work to do on the food....especially with all the competition in Westwood.
I usually don't like salad place, but one is pretty good! It is a little pricey for a salad, but it's big and it's in Midtown. You almost have to expect higher prices in Midtown. The owner knows which ingredients are vegan friendly, which is a great bonus! It's easy to hide honey, butter, cheese or cream in a dressing :) My favorite ingredient is the fried capers. You should really try them. Yummm!
I went here today for lunch. I had amazing mulligatawny soup and my dad, who's as critical as it gets, was very impressed by his lobster bisque. We shared a falafel wrap, which was also delicious. 

The restaurant is a tiny spot with only one table and counters on the inside. The staff are very friendly and they let you sample the soups.
My home and office are each about four blocks away from this location.  I often crave big delicious salads for lunch and this fits the bill.

They have a few house-made salad options - these are actually a good deal if, like me, you tend to get a little over-excited and end up with a ton of ingredients in your salad and suddenly owe $13.  The "Five Star" is decidedly NOT a diet salad but it is decidedly delicious - steak, about an entire log of goat cheese, dried cherries, grilled asparagus, bacon, and caramelized onion vinaigrette.  I have seen some reviews further down stating that these salads are easily two meals - well, apparently I eat more than those people.

I came here on Wednesday for lunch and got over-excited and had basically a southwest salad that ended up costing $13 but was really delicious (ate all that in one sitting too).  I suppose $13 is actually what a lot of other midtown restaurants would charge for a meal-sized salad and I love all the options here, plus I've had consistently fresh ingredients.

They also have chocolate chip cookies the size of your head by the register.  I have never tried one (too busy eating steak/goat cheese/bacon) but by all reports, they are delicious.
I am a hard core salad lover.  I know my freaking salads.  I kind of live on salads.  The salads were larger than me.  This is anything but a boring salad.   The line is always ridiculous.  How can such a large organic salad with tons of shit in it be so affordable?  These are the mysteries of life.
I DON'T like Intermezzo, but a lot of my friends do. I think their sandwiches and salads are bloated and bland. My friends love them. I try to avoid it, but don't take my review to heart because you might just have similar taste to my friends.
Yes, the prices are low and the amounts are huge, still, the quality is not the greatest... and I wonder: what do they do with all that leftover salads that almost everyone leave on their plates because it's too big to finish???
Compost? animals? trash (landfill)? 
There is a big waste of valuable vegetables! I don't like it. It feels unconscious. I choose not to support that!
After living in NYC for 3 years, I desperately yearned for a salad spot to call home in this immense  suburban sprawl, so as you can imagine, I was utterly ecstatic about the arrival of DRESSED. 

The clean, streamlined venue is quaint and comfortable, and the whiteness that engulfs patrons is refreshing and simply highlights the immense level of hygiene and high quality produce on tap. This I loved.

The menu is well diversified, and absolutely thrilling for a gal who ate at her local salad spot at least four nights out of the week in the Big Apple. However, the pricetag in the Big Cola is quite shocking. Crafting a $12 salad is fairly easy at this establishment. 

The rules here are simple:
Choose your salad
Choose any 4 toppings
Choose your dressing

Only the "any" with respect to toppings limits you drastically if your aim is to keep the salad at the standard price of $6.75. Most of the add ons have an upcharge, and the meat/seafood/tofu offering alone can add up to $3 to your delightful bowl of green heaven.

Still, it's refreshing to have a joint solely dedicated to the delicate art of salad making. Add in the magical chopped madness, and I'm still sold despite the stumbling price tag.
I join in the great regret that this place is no more.  Not only because it had one of the greatest Strawberry Lemonades I've ever had and fairly hefty sizes when it came to their salads and sandwiches which were crafted beautifully but that I only had the chance to try it once.
After finally giving up on fixing my own salads (the ingredients end up molting in my crisper), I had to get my salad fix here the other day. WOW!!!

The salads are huge and the topping selections are overwhelming. Seriously, more than 50 items can go on your salad...just watch out for the $$$. Four come gratis, but the others can add up quickly. They have pretty much anything you could possibly want in your greens, and four or five kinds of greens as well. Twenty-something salad dressings! I could've been here all day!  

Dressed is now on my fav's list...it may be a little bit pricey once you put all the goodies in, but it's still cheaper than buying all the ingredients and doing it yourself!

Watch out for the chipolte aioli...it will sneak up and light you on fire!
I have always said that if Intermezzo were ever to close that I would leave the Bay Area. This place is so connected with my identity as a  Berkeley inhabitant. As a young east coaster I visited Cal and was taken back by how different Berkeley was from Philadelphia. Telegraph avenue was a dirty, chaotic, and wonderful place. It was brimming with record shops, eclectic book stores, and smoke filled cafes where disheveled intellectuals outnumbered  the competitive and studious coed. Those days are long gone and even though I shed tears when Cody's closed, I consoled myself thinking "At least I still have Intermezzo." 

During it's hey day Intermezzo wasn't just located on the Ave, it was an extension of it. I never saw what looked to be a manager there, only colorful employees who resembled a slightly more hygienic version of the gutter punks busking on the curb outside. To say that this place was authentic Berkeley was an understatement, this place was what made Berkeley authentic. 

My usual was the chef salad with turkey and chicken Salad. Just to physically pick up the salad bowl required two hands. It was overflowing with bountiful central valley volcanic soil goodness. Red tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, and a huge portion of turkey and home made chicken salad swimming in a sea of romaine. This was not the wilted head lettuce and pale tomato slice that was passed off as salad in Philadelphia. This was the garden of Eden in a woven wood fiber bowl. 

I think I was only ever able to eat a whole salad by myself once in 17 years. I was either stoned or malnourished from having my dining commons meal card cutoff...maybe both. Needless to say you don't actually buy an intermezzo salad you rent it.

I was disappointed that the new owner chose to change the name considering that Intermezzo was such an institution but as the Buddha says the only thing that doesn't change is that things will always change. 

Bye bye Intermezzo. I will miss you with all my heart.
I would say this place is pretty awesome. Myself and two others came here and were able to share one salad and a bowl of soup. I was disappointed that they did not have the chicken to put in our salad but I can see why they ran out as we came at a late time.

The salad portion is huge. As mentioned before I was able to share it with two other people and was full. The vegetables are very fresh along with the meat. I especially like how they give you avocado and egg in the salad. We got the poppy seed dressing which was really good. They even put the perfect amount of dressing on the salad. Not too much and not too little.

We also got some thai chicken soup. It was really good. Very creative and perfect change from ordinary chicken noodle soup.

The restaurant environment is nice. It can get crowded and tables are close together but overall a good experience. There are tables facing the street so you can get a view of all the wonderful characters walking the streets of Berkeley.

Overall I would say if your looking for a good salad Cafe Intermezzo is the place to go in Berkeley!
Their soup is definitely really hot once they take it out of the pot, but I really don't think it's worth that much for SOUP.

The clam chowder was okay, but make sure you grab one of their $1 off coupons from a person giving them away on the streets if they have the promotion to feel less ripped off :D.
homemade breads, delicious salads, epic sandwiches, HUGE proportions and its cheap! just bring cash ~
Well, it's Souplantation. 

I have good memories here, and am pretty much always fine when someone suggests we come here. However if I wanted a high quality salad with good ingredients I'd make my own at Whole Foods or Gelson's or something. I like Souplantation because it's always busy and lively, the soups/pastas are tasty (and always make me feel full and fat even though I originally went there to be healthy and eat a salad), and I'm amused by the disproportionate amount of Asians eating in there. As soon as you step back out the door, it's like Whoosh I don't know where all of those Asians went because I swear there aren't as many in the rest of Pasadena. Ironically, if you go right across the street to Panda Express, it's probably the exact opposite.

I digress. Remember a few years ago when someone got like E-Coli or something from Souplantation? Well, they continue to put out lots of coupons and I continue to eat here.

Oh, and I recently had the Buffalo chicken soup or something, and I have to say it was pretty good.
I've probably been to SF Soup Company 15 times since they opened and I have tried a wide variety of their soups.  All of them have been very flavorful and filling--really beyond what you would expect from a bowl of soup in terms of taste and satisfaction.

I'm with some other Yelpers in that I'm guessing the sodium content (like many prepared soups) is probably through the roof.  I checked their website once to see if they had sodium content listed and they didn't--at least not at that time.  So, difficult to say there, but something you might consider.

I have not tried the salads, but there seems to be a wide selection.

As for price, it is a little high, but the quality is certainly better than most things in the area and the location is difficult to beat.  I usually have the soup/half-sandwich combo for $8.  There are a number of types of pre-prepared sandwiches to choose from.  This is a plenty filling lunch.

My only complaint (and this may change after they are open for awhile longer) is regarding the customer line flow.  It seems like your average customer doesn't have the slightest clue what she/he wants and once arriving at the front of the line they stand gawking at the menu for awhile (like they already haven't had awhile to stare at it), only THEN to demand tastes (sort of like Baskin Robbins) of the various soups--there's a little sign indicating that they limit tastes to one during the lunch rush, but SFSC don't seem to follow their own rules.  The tasting process invariably results in still more indecision and a massive line back-up in a place where the service could stand to be a little quicker to begin with.  Once you've paid, there's also a major clog around the bags, napkins and condiments.  It's a relief to get out the door.  IMO, management should encourage people to either order or step aside.  Oh well.

Given them a try--you'll like the food and tolerate the rest.

P.S.  I subscribe to their daily e-mail and find out in the morning what's on for the day as some of the types of soup vary.
Have to give five to Le Dog, but one star may be sentimental value.  Inexpensive and great soups that change all the time.
Heard so much good stuff about this place, so I finally went! Very fast service, which was a plus. The prices seemed a little too much for just sandwiches and salads, but they're huge so it's still a pretty good deal.

I got a Chicken Salad sandwich, I asked for it to go so I wouldn't have to pack it up again when I couldn't finish... but they didn't even have takeout boxes! They just wrapped it up a bit... I thought that was kind of inconvenient, especially since the sandwich was like exploding haha. 

We actually sat down to eat, and I appreciate the effort they made to make the place nice... but it would've been better if they'd kept up the cleanliness of the place, there were so many flies! I also noticed random branches coming off the tree, and an upside-down bird :( The murals were nice, but TBH my french teacher from high school had her students do that too... and it looked way better.

All in all, yummy sandwiches, okay-looking place, and I will be back for their salads!
These portions are made to feed you brunch, lunch, and dinner! Unquestionably adore this place, I've never left empty handed, and I've always had plenty to take home.

* Veggie Delight salad w/ Poppy Seed dressing.
* Chicken Salad Sandwich, no mayo.

This place gets very busy, and sometimes it's hard to find an open table.

Quick Tip: call your order and take it to go it's ready in 5 minutes.  

once 3 once
great for a healthy and non-heartclogging meal. been here many times before, and will still eat here for many years to come.

the atmosphere is nice, but it could be a little cleaner. looks like they use the same bowl throughout the whole day to toss the salad. a little dirty but i dont really mind cuz it's pretty good for as good as salad can get.

i usually order the half salad/half sandwich with pastrami and poppy seed dressing. best combo i've had so far, but still haven't tried some of the other combos. i'd recommend this place if you have a craving for something good but healthy. enjoy.
I could see loving this place in college. Huge portions and a hippie bezerkely atmosphere. 

Too bad I'm not a college student anymore and don't care about quanitity over quality. 

The vibe: The hipsters sipping espresso's that seemed to occupy half the tables felt judgy as we walked in. The staff seemed irritated that we didn't know the system or where to order what. There is very little signage. 

If you get a salad, make sure to have it tossed and NOT the dressing on the side. It was way too big of a hassle to pull ingrediants off myself. I had to get an extra plate just to mix everything up. It was also messy which a salad should most definately not be! 

I like that the bread was freshly baked - but tasted too bland.  Add some more honey into the wheat please!
cool spot to get a weeks worth of veggies down in one shot, hungover on a saturday, when you have zero to little patience. gimme. food. now.
i would have given it 5 stars but i took one away because Pasadena people look liked they dressed up to be here...please it's a fucking all you can eat salad bar. I felt underdressed in my dressy sweats.
Huge fresh salads and massive sandwiches on homemade bread... YUM!! Prices are also great, you can get a 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad for only $7. Maybe I'm just used to the inflated deli sandwich prices in the financial district of SF - but this is an awesome deal.
If you call it a paninni, you better have a paninni press (whick you didnt)
my Ciabata bread was soggy, all I'm saying is get a paninni press heck, get a few goerge foremans....cause that quiznos like oven blows!
One great thing about Cafe Intermezzo - you'll  end up craving for healthy nutritious meal at very affordable price and ridiculous  huge serving.   The homemade  bread that comes with every salad or soup is very good.  The veggie delight salad is  serve  in a huge  salad bowl loaded  with greens, garbanzo and red kidney beans, sliced  boiled egg, avocado, and sprouts with homemade salad dressing.   The Thai noodle soup is a very hearty soup in clear chicken broth, no cream or coconut milk.
Big salad, little price. 

This place has stuck with me though my many phases and moods. I once asked out a girl who worked here after she gave me a cup of croutons. The date didn't turn out very well: she talked to her dad on the phone while I sat on her couch and looked at a photo album. 

After making sure she didn't work there anymore, I was able to go back and order the classic: a mixed green salad with beans and marinated tofu. Hold the mealy tomatoes. Dressing on the side.

Over the years, the marinated tofu went from amazing to really good. They pile it on though, so it's better to have a lot of really good than none of amazing. 

The line is usually well out the door and every seat is taken, but hopefully you have a dining companion so you can do the tag team order-and-sit method. Or bring it home, but then you'll have to empty your kitchen trash since those to go, see-through clamshell containers take up a lot of space.
I have been been to this location twice and I just remembered to write a yelp review. Since I immediately didn't run home to rave or pan it, should tell you something.

It reminded me of a Subway but for salads. You have millions of toppings and options, but at the end it's just a salad. Not an awesome salad, just a salad. Something not-Subway like is the pricing. A salad with a bottle of water clocked in $11 and change. 

They do have gluten-free options, but you have to ask. Even then, the staff had to look up which dressings were and were not GF. Didn't give me a lot of confidence.  

In the end, yeah I'll go back if I happen to be close by one, but won't go out of my way to find one.
an incredible tuna salad!!!! However, sometimes a long line:(
Huge salads.

They don't skimp on ingredients. Just from the veggie delight, you get kidney beans, lentils, sprouts, salad greens, carrots, arugula, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, an egg, AVOCADO, croutons, etc. etc. So it's not just a plate of lettuce, which is the sad excuse for a salad at many other places. If you get the chef salad, you also get a HUGE mound of whatever meat/topping you choose (totally worth the extra dollar).

Thick, hearty bread. (You can even get a big bag of bread ends for a buck or less. This has been my quick, tasty, and cheap breakfast fix for countless days.)

Awesome place to "pig out" on healthy foods.
Chef salad and some of the sandwiches here are awesome! Huge portions. I love their bread - it's has this honey sweetness to it!
Feelin' a little under the weather, I was told that soup warms the soul...checked this out after getting my favorite coffee from across the street in Palmer Square, and got their "Large" chicken and rice soup.  For $6, I probably would have been better off going to my local SuperFresh and picked up 6 cans of Campbells, which: 1) would have given me a lot more soup 2) would have tasted just as good, if not better.  Could it be that I was too sick and my taste buds weren't functioning properly?  Quite possibly, but highly unlikely, as my coffee still tasted amazing as always.  If you want soup, my recommendation would be to check out Panera down the street instead...at least they give you a piece of bread with it.
Sometimes I think I'm running out of good things to say - but then I saw Cafe Intermezzo hadn't been reviewed by yours truly.  The salad is the best planet-sized object you will ever attempt to consume.  This place's on Telegraph - that street with the snarky punk dude (trust fund in tow) begging you for a dollar to score some weed - so Telegraph,  always a fun place to have a meal.  It's also $7 and change - so well within the price range of anyone whose cash-hole is not tighter than a snare drum.  They've even got a decent beer selection - and wine - and a pretty good Thai soupy dealy.  But seriously, go up there and say "chef's salad, turkey, poppyseed dressing, for here" - your colon and lust for crispy green things will be pleased.  Only prob is cash only, but I understand, I understand the need to put that extra 3% credit card charge back into the gorging salad.
Servers are attentive and kind...and the grilled chicken caesar salad with new england chowder and bread make for one of the better meals around town!
I wish there more places like this in NY. Big salads, good soup, hearty sandwiches at a reasonable price and comfortable atmosphere...
I would highly recommend the BLTA with a side of salad or soup.
Just having a salad bowl that ginormous in your face is a visual way to fill your stomach! Definitely ask for dressing on the side because your leftovers will be soggy and you'll be sad you cant finish your salad! 
Con: they serve cold soup and untoasted bread =[
This place is quick with quality food, although rather overpriced.

I finally discovered this place after 2 years at Berkeley, and I am sad to say that I wish I had found it sooner. The service is decent, but it's a to-go kind-of store. I love the clam chowder and the corn chowder. Your soup comes with a (free) bread and a sandwich/salad if you want to pay a little extra. In my own opinion, the little extra is worth it! (SAVE it for a later snack or something!) Definitely a place to try, and it takes Cal1Card... Promise it won't disappoint! :)
At first I really liked this place because of the prices and vegan options, although like a lot of hasty relationships, I have started to see some big flaws.

First the good. Intermezzo gives you a lot of food for your money. I usually pick up stuff to go from here inbetween classes. I get the Berkeley Special and an iced soy latte and bring it to a nice sunny and tranquil spot on campus, usually the grass near Sather Tower. First I eat the delish watermelon slice they give complementary with the sandwich. Then I alternate between my soy latte and the sandwich, while trying not to think about my next chemistry lab.

The cafe also has a nice atmosphere to it and while waiting for my food, I like to examine the decorations and art on the walls.

Okay now that I have lifted Cafe Intermezzo up, it is time to bring it back down to Earth. First, they don't take cards. I never have cash on me, so It sucks to have to go to Wells Fargo and take out cash. 

Also, the staff that makes the salads and sandwiches can be kind of snobby sometimes. They tend to get snappy and rude when they are rushed and expect that every customer that walks in should just know what they want within 10 seconds. Not very happy employees

The preparation of the sandwiches can be sloppy sometimes. Usually my sandwiches are SOAKED in hummus or sauce. One time I just had to toss the entire sandwich because I felt like I was just eating hummus with a little bit of bread and veggies.

Overall, I would recommend Cafe Intermezzo.
I do like the big salads.  It's not the FRESHEST produce, but I swear it's the only place in B-town that you can get a salad that big with all the fixings.  The bread is doughy too - always a plus.
I love salad buffets!!!!!  I was amazed of all the options for salads and really enjoyed the clam chowder and slices of bread - not so impressed by the lack of dessert choices (and no cones for the ice cream machine & only nut toppings?  Meh).  The soda machine had a very cholorine-like taste in them and so I eventually tossed out the soda for the blueberry acai juice which wasn't so bad - sorta tasted like watered-down Kool-Aid (which is good if you don't like super sweet drinks).  I wish they had a Souplantation in Seattle...
It wasn't the best chicken soup, although the sourdough bowl was good.  And it certainly was a few dollars more than what it should cost.

That being said, it was the first real food I've held down in two days, and at this point, that pretty much makes it the best goddamn thing ever.
I really like the salads from here. They have a ton of options for ingredients as well as dressings and when you get the tub of salad it's big enough for two or three meals. When you factor in how long the salad will last you it is pretty darn inexpensive takeout. The only thing that I would change is to have slips that allow the customer to circle their choices so that you don't have to remember each thing as you go on to choose the next. It's a small complaint though and I'll happily shut myself up by putting one of their delicious cookies in my mouth. This place also has very friendly service which is a requirement for me. I'll be back often.
Picked up a freshly-made chef's salad here on my way to a lazy, sun-soaked afternoon in the sunshine at the Berkeley Marina.
Highly recommended way to spend your day.
I'm torn about some of the features that make Intermezzo awesome. I don't know if I am truly glad that their salads are so large that they explode out of their to-go containers. On the one hand, I have two meals, but on the other, I have a mess. And, although I appreciate they don't skimp on the meat, I often have to pick out large amounts of meat in order to enjoy the sandwich, and then I sadly look at the wasted meat. 

But, their poppyseed dressing is amazing and they have great bread. No con to that.

However, I still haven't perfected how to place my order. You see, they don't always follow their own menu in terms of mustard application. I hate Dijon. If a sandwich is listed as containing "dijon mustard" I order regular mustard. If a sandwich is listed as containing simply "mustard", I have now learned the sad way that I still must say "regular mustard". And sometimes they still use Dijon.

Still, overall great place to get lunch with a friend or take out. I sometimes phone in orders to go, which is super convenient. 

They would get five stars if they weren't so trigger happy with the Dijon.
No. No. No.

I love Souplantation but this one is crappy. It's way too small, the food is sitting out forever. The tongs to grab the hot food were piping hot! Turn the heat lamps down!! 

Compared to my normal Souplantation, this one was just lacking.
I worked here for about a year and I know how to make poppy seed dressing, suckas!
I used to love this place and ignored all the stuff about mice and roaches... and then I took my new boss their for lunch.

And a mouse ran all over the place.

And I told the people behind the counter about it, and they shrugged.  And they looked away, like so?  Why are you bothering us about this?

Its not so much the mouse, its more the not-caring.

I haven't been back in a while, and I do miss the veggie delight with poppyseed dressing mixed in.  Tons of deliciousness, but the dirtiness and the lack of caring about the dirtiness has finally got to me.  So sad.
Upside: Cheap, yummy salads and sandwiches, homemade dressings!

Downside: Long line out the door, too many filthy tables. Bus the tables and then people can sit down. Just a thought...
I love Berkeley and Intermezzo.  I miss this place so much when I'm craving a great salad.  They're prices are very reasonable for the amount of food they give you, and I always manage to eat every bite even though my eyes are always bigger than my stomach.  I love the crisp and cool vegetarian delight on a warm day.
Very good very fresh and very clean...I will be back....
I will never forget day many years ago I first spotted this place.  I grabbed my notes, books, pencils, and financial calculator - stuffed them all in my Jan-sport backpack and strolled into this spot on the first day of class.

I sat in the corner with my Veggie salad and strawberry juice and watched a bunch of Buddhist Tibetan monks walk in, a screaming schizophrenic shouting about Clinton, and a ton of vegans bitch that the peanut butter on the menu wasn't authentically organic.  And I thought to myself - Oh yeah, I'm going to fit in just nicely around here....

And this place has never let me down since - a great spot to see the locals and alum's just chalking up another day in paradise for under $5.  A great overall experience..
Due to the fire that consumed the building in November 2011, this historic restaurant is closed. Sigh.
Geez! 180+ reviews!

I'm just going to leave some tips...

Tips: Don't be alarmed if you have a green bowel movement after consuming their salad. This is normal. If you can't finish your food, don't toss it -- box it and deliver it to People's Park.
This place is so good and healthy that it attracts the healthiest, punk/street-kids.  I swear they only accept Intermezzo left-overs  . . . unless, of course, you offer them pot.  
The salads are so big that you'll definitely have some left to give to them if you're feeling generous.  However, I am not generous and so usually I gorge myself in the window while staring intently in their eyes.  Just kidding about staring at them, but I do gorge myself.  
Bring cash.
scared your new salad only diet will leave you constantly starving?? worried you'll have to succumb to boring bland veggies? well fear no more! Cafe Intermezzo's salads are amazing, and by no means will they ever leave you feeling hungry. the salads are HUGE (and cheap).. huge enough to make for two meals! try mixing in the poppy seed dressing and your vegetable hating days will be over! still not convinced? then get the chef salad and you'll be able to enjoy the traditional already super yummy tossed greens and veggie delight (avocado, kidney beans, eggs, and more) with the addition of a large heaping of *sandwich* meat! but be warned.. you won't be able to finish it on your own. OR get a combo meal for just $7.00: tossed green salad&half sandwich, tossed green salad&cup of soup, or if you just really hate veggies/salads (which makes you crazy), half sandwich&cup of soup. but really... GET THE SALAD!! plus, salad comes with a huge chunk of honey wheat bread and pineapple, yum.

also, try their strawberry lemonade. its amazingly tasty!

and to clarify anyones confusion.. Cafe Intermezzo went from being Cafe Intermezzo to Cafe Mattina, and is now back to being Cafe Intermezzo! regardless. same YUMMY LARGE SALADS!

P.S. this place is always buzzing and is pretty busy when lunch time rolls around, don't be intimidated! the line moves fast! as for eating your salad.. you might have to get it to-go or just keep an eye out for an open seat the first thing you get in the door.
Let me explain. 

I haven't been to Souplantation in years. I may not have known long division kind of years. I've been once or twice in the past, thinking "meh," as I wasn't too into salads and their soup never really dazzled me. 

Then my bottomless pit of a sister and her bottomless pit of a boyfriend discovered the magic of Souplantation when she transfered to UC Irvine. The magic of their cookies. The different themes for each month. ALL YOU CAN EAT. What more could you ask for? 

After years of persuasion, I finally agreed to do the Souplantation with them. Even more remarkable, I was getting treated out. I couldn't complain with that. As soon as we walk in, we're instantly greeted and see they're putting a fresh batch of some default salad. each premade salad has a little tomato timer next to it, as to say they switch out the salad once it's no longer fresh. There's two aisles to make sure the line goes quickly for the salads, and wow, they have a great selection.

Now this is where I get myself in trouble. It's something I've inherited form my mom. For some reason, if ever I'm presented with a great selection and an empty plate, I feel like I might as well get a little big of everything, and that my plate should be full. Premade salad? I like asiago cheese! Kidney beans/ Oh, those are good for me! MUSHROOMS! I'll put them on top of something! Crispy chow mein noodles! I like those too! GERMAN potato salad??!?! It really doesn't look very authentic, but I'll get it anyway. Corn! Wait, I hate corn in salad. I have to stop. Little do I remember that this is an all you can eat place, and I'm more than welcome to come back for seconds.

You get your drink and then you pay, and then you're let loose to the soups and everything else. There's usually a great selection of soups,  including ones that match the monthly theme and a few staples. I looove their potato rosemary soup (tip: grab EXTRA mushrooms, set some at the bottom of your soup bowl and pour on this soup. SO GOOD). Their chunky chicken noodle is a bit much; the chicken is a bit too chunky for my taste (read: it looks like they're not going for chunky but lazy and just rip chicken pieces and stick it in the soup), and the noodles are big and thick. But the broth is subtle and comforting. 

I like their breadsticks, and their wheat bread. Mac and cheese is passable, and can be enjoyed during the right mood. In the grand tradition of all you can eats, they have the fro-yo machine and toppings, as well as fruit. But when they came around with the basket of chocolate chip cookies, I have to say, as far as hard cookies go, they're pretty good. Lucky for us, I put my finished plates in the place next to me, so the cookie lady gave us an extra cookie. It was like Christmas for my sister's boyfriend.

Yes, they did close down sometime during the summer due to a Shigella outbreak, but I'm not sure if I should be ashamed to say that I'll still come her. In fact, I have been there since, and I'm sure they wouldn't have reopened if they didn't take care of the problem. Although it's not the first place I'd think of going to eat, I would definitely consider it when going to eat in this neighborhood.
Roast Beef Chef Salad with unlimited strawberry lemonade is one my favorites orders at this affordable post-workout all-you-can-eats! Also comes with a chunk of homemade yummy, honey-brown bread!

The only downside... all the kids smoking pot out front that sometimes wafts in the door when a new customer walks in this busy cafe!
Been at this location more then 10 times. And it has never been pack compared to Arcadia. Ohhh goodness that place always full. Solid, affordable, a lot healthier then home-town buffet
I'm surprised I don't drive out to Berkeley more often just for my Intermezzo veggie salad, it's that good.  I can say though that I have made more than one detour heading home from anywhere that requires a drive north on the 80.

I lived off this salad in college.  $5 feeds you for a day.  I've tried to replicate it at home for the past five years but it's never quite right.  Such a fantastic deal, and I love the wheat bread.  Somehow the tomatoes are always disgusting but everything else keeps me wishing there was one around the corner from my place in SF.

I think they may put crack in the poppy seed dressing.  That would explain it.
Their veggie delight salad + poppy seed dressing + honey wheat bread... makes me wish I studied harder in high school so that I could've gone to Cal for my undergrad. I know I should try other things on their menu but I think there's crack in their poppy seed dressing or something cause i'm addicted.

I have nibbled on my boyfriend's roast beef sandwich and chicken salad sandwich and they were full of win.
How is it that I can end up feeling like a complete fatass eating just soup and salad?  Oh, I know...Souplantation.  Mmm...never fails to please.  Everything is yummy.  My only complaint is that they don't keep my favorites around for longer than a month or two...they're always changing up the dang menu.  S'all good, because whatever they have this month will taste just as awesome.
Apparently, this particular Souplantation is a test market store, so you may get a few different items on the buffet that aren't listed on their website.
Oh yeah...while the price is a little higher than I'd like to pay, if you sign up for their email list, you'll get buy-one-get-one-free coupons all the time. Bring a friend and stuff yourself silly.
My new favorite sammich joint. Love the bread (yay carbs!). I've tried the chicken salad and hummus sammies. Friends ordered a REALLY BIG SALAD. Our table finished our sandwiches before our friends seemed to even make a dent in theirs. Reasonable prices for such yumminess.

Tip: You may have different people helping you if you have more than one order. I guess they can only handle one order at a time?
Great sandwiches. The bread is absolutely amazing. It's baked fresh daily, so as you walk by, you smell the sweet aroma of honey wheat or french rolls, which is what attracted me into it in the first place.

The sandwiches are made in front of you, and all the sandwich-makers pack lots of good stuff into it. Alfafa sprouts are my favorites. All their sandwiches are pretty big portions. And if you're into salads, this place has the HUGEST salad ever. It's damn near impossible to finish one of their big salads.
I haven't tried many different things on their menu, but I can tell you the chicken salad sandwich is the best ever.
The only bad thing about this spot is going they at lunch time. The line out  da door is not all that bad and it moves quickly. The sandwiches and salads are yum. the restrooms are ok. The parking is typical  for Berkeley.
This place is fantastic for a visitor to Atlanta looking for a quick, inexpensive, healthy meal. I was so happy to find this place steps away from the Palomar hotel.
Fresh tasty salads, nice decor too.
Certainly not a vegan shop, but the owner was happy to chat about vegan soup options: of which she always has at least one offering.  As a bonus, the ingredients are listed right in plain sight.  I tried the tomato eggplant and it was delicious- I don't even normally like eggplant!

Extra credit because the staff is very nice, but be warned that they REALLY don't like when people use credit cards for small orders.
I used to eat here a lot because it'd be like a week's worth of fresh veggies in a bowl.  i recommend getting their sandwiches on artichoke rosemary roll bc it's the best.  but smells kinda funky inside and lines can be longgggggg.  their soups aren't the best but they're popular with vegetarians.  all in all a great sandwich shop but salads are better here.  alternative is sufficient grounds over at Durant because their fresh focaccia bread is to die for.
Admittedly one of the better places in Berkeley to get your grub on. Incredibly large portions and quick and friendly service. One of my favorite go-to places.

--

PROS

Ridiculously large portions. My friends and I always get a Chef's Salad and they always split half of theirs and save it for another meal. On the other hand, I always finish mine and I'm pretty full each time. Plus, they give you a hearty slice of their really dense bread.

Ingredients are pretty fresh. There's a great variety--garbanzo/kidney beans, lettuce, a hard-boiled egg, half of an avocado, carrots, alfalfa sprouts?, your choice of meat/dressing, and probably some other stuff I'm forgetting. Your salad bowl is definitely overflowing. This is my go-to place when I attempt to eat healthy.

Reasonable price! $8 for a ridiculously large salad is pretty good--just remember that they only accept cash.

Oh! And their poppy seed dressing is really good. Vinaigrette's not too bad either. I suggest you ask for the dressing on the side (1) to prevent inevitable sogginess at the bottom, (2) in case you have leftovers and need dressing, (3) and so you can control the ratio of dressing to actual salad.

And they have a restroom for customers, albeit its walls are covered in  Sharpie. I always appreciate the few places in Berkeley which have restrooms.

CONS

Not really a con, just more of an inconvenience at times and a personal preference as a consumer. Because they give you so so much, I have a hard time eating it in the bowl. But this is easily solved by scooping the contents out on a plate and grabbing whatever you want each time if you have the patience. I prefer homogeneous servings so this is my solution.

Sometimes (to be fair, this is not always the case), they'll forget an item to my salad--croutons the first time and avocado another time. I'm sure if you ask they'll gladly give you some though. Oh, and sometimes they're chintzy with the meat--although I'm sure it's not on purpose either, haha.

Their tabletops and chairs are pretty old and some are kind of hazardous, so as long as you don't dance on the tables and pretend your chair is a rocking chair you should be good.

You're not required to bus your own tables, so at times you might have to bus the remains of previous customers if there aren't any other available tables.

--

Great menu and overall great place for lunch or dinner!
so very sad!  I hope they reopen soon.
The 3 stars is for the salad only and here is what I have to say.

Pros:
-Giant proportions, good if you get chicken and other ingredients you really like
-delicious
-fresh ingredients

Now for the con.
-Four toppings.  Now I am the guy who likes cucumbers, corn, kidney beans, cherry tomatoes, red onions, feta cheese, and olives in my salad.  Instead I chose feta, olives, cucumbers and tomatoes. What  I got was a heaping spoon of olives and a heaping spoon of feta which made my salad totally salty and super unhealthy. I will take a bite of salad to discover what I forked was a hunk of feta and a whole olive.  I wouldn't mind taking significantly less olives and feta to exchange for some corn and beans and red onions and other veggies.  But cmon, I don't want to pay the extra money.
-That said, it is so pricey!

The free bread is more of an afterthought.  Cmon, do you really consider a piece of wheat bread after you paid $7.50 for a salad?
It may seem to the naysayer that simplicity in food items is something one can easily imitate at home, and therefore the more complicated culinary creations should be left for our favorite restaurants to accomplish.  That may be why the menu at Cafe Intermezzo seems unexciting at best - chef's salad, peanut butter-and-banana sandwich, vegetarian chili, to name a few.  There is much more to be said, however, to how much a restaurant can push the envelope of simplicity in order to achieve something virtually inimitable.  At Cafe Intermezzo, the so-called "simple" salads are HUGE - the bowls holding the pile of fresh lettuce, beans, sprouts, tomatoes, cucumbers, egg, avocado, and whatever else could easily fit a soccer ball any other day.  The sandiwiches are hearty, made on thick honey wheat bread and filled with a variety of concoctions, and the soups are savory and fresh.  The most important part about the menu at this place, however, is how incredibly healthy everything is.  Nestled in amongst the greasy pizza and Thai and burger places on Telegraph Ave., Intermezzo allows me to leave a meal full and satisfied and not feeling like my arteries and intestines are going to simultaneously burst from the pressure.  I especially appreciate a trip to Intermezzo after a weekend of too much booze and late night fried food.  And at an average of $6-7 a meal, it doesn't get much simpler than that.
Oh Souplantation....

I've been coming here at least once a month since pretty much early childhood. Its a very family-oriented restaurant with great, healthy tasting food. The have different food that they rotate just about every month with a theme for each. 

But one thing that stays consistent is their Clam Chowder. Best clam chowder ever, second to a seafood place up at Monterey notorious specifically for their Clam Chowder. The salad here is the bomb. My personal favorite is the Wonton chicken Happiness. I also must really commend the waiters as well. Always very friendly.

One thing though, the pasta here is pretty bland so be prepared to do some shaking with the pepper and salt. Another downer, Souplantation can get pretty crowed especially on Sunday brunches. Overall, great food, great service, but a bit crowded at times.
Cafe Intermezzo is now......Cafe Mattina?

Food is almost the same.....I ordered the usual Combo of Tossed Green Salad w/Poppy Seed Dressing with a half BLTA. Same price....tasted similar but the portions were smaller? 

The service however, I don't know if it was just bad timing but they managed mess up on my order as well as my co-worker's order. Instead of wrapping it "to go" the guy thought I wanted "for here". No big deal. Then another clerk/whatever-you-want-to-call-them managed to make a Tuna sandwich instead of Turkey for my co-worker. How? Don't know...

I still like the place but hopefully the new management does not screw things up by jacking up the prices along with serving smaller portions.
I arrived into Oakland on Wednesday night and, thanks to my truly foodie friends, ate my way through half the town.  The next day, with a belly still full from the previous night's intense food (Peking duck, pork belly, etc...), all and the only thing I wanted were leafy greens, easy on the grease. 

That's when Jen suggested Intermezzo and oh, how happy I was!

Be ready for a crazy boatload of salad items (at a not to crazy price.  Yay!)  I was starving and only managed to finish 1/3 of the salad, without a dent in the yummy baguette they give on the side.  The Veggie Delight I ordered totally hit the spot: lots of greens, cucumber, with purple cabbage, cherry tomatos, sprouts, avocado, more than one whole boiled egg, garbanzos and kidney beans all heaped into a mongo bowl.  Quick service.  Smiling wait staff.  Sweet!

Thanks, Intermezzo!
The sandwiches are typically good, and the bread is excellent. However, sometimes the people making the sandwiches are really really really sloppy. For example: if I order avocado in my sandwich, I want it inside----not on all 4-sides of the bread. I swear, sometimes i get the Jackson Pollack of sandwich makers. 

Next time, I'm taking a photo and posting it here.
I am very thankful for this place.  It always has the same general menu, and I'm happy for it.  Everyone needs a reliable place for the basic sandwich-soup-salad meal, and Intermezzo has something for everyone.  They don't skimp on the veggies, their salads are nearly bursting out of the take-out containers, and their breads are soft and thick.  My favorites are the Berkeley special sandwiches and lentil soup.  The line is consistently long, but the method of service is efficient in both speed and packaging.  Your foods will not slosh in your car: 4 layers of plastic wrap will make sure of it!
Their poppy seed dressing is literally the best salad dressing ever. I don't like to throw that word around, but I'll say it again. It's LITERALLY the best I've ever had. It's the bomb. For years, my girlfriend and I have talked about getting a job at Intermezzo just to steal the recipe.

The mixed green salad is a good value. They give you a lot of greens for $4.50. However, I've noticed that recently the to-go box is less full than before. The greens used to be packed to the top and overflowing out the sides. Regardless, it's a steal in comparison to the more expensive but inferior $7 salads sold at Cheeseboard.

The rest of the stuff is just meh. The sandwiches and soups are whatever. The honey wheat bread is the most overrated piece of crap ever. I don't care if it's home made, it still needs to taste good. It's not horrible, but it only tastes marginally better than what an Asian mom would pull out of her new breadmaker. You want good bread, go to Acme. That stuff's the $hit.

Get the salad. The salad deserves 6 stars. The rest of the food is somewhere around a 3.
Vegetarian menu was too paltry to draw me in.  
They obviously cater to meat-eaters, so I will have to pass on this place unless they revamp their menu.
**In response to the owners's comment**:
The owners should have put on their menu that there is a vegetarian (eggplant) substitute for the meat on each of the meat subs.  This is not stated on their menu board and it may increase traffic to their shop if that fact was made more clear. Gorgers is a new business in Ithaca and its success depends on catering to Ithaca as a whole.  My husband and I won't eat here while we're out and about running errands because there is nothing on the menu I am interested in, even though he'd be happy to have one of the subs on the menu.  So, even though you don't think vegetarians are your customer base, you are eliminating groups of people that contain vegetarians because your veg menu is uninspired/boring (especially compared to the thought that was obviously put into the meat items).
Monster salads with hearty whole grain hippie style bread. The chef has it all though ask to hold the sprouts if you don't want a whole cup of them in your salad. They are also pretty heavy-handed with salad dressing so unless you like it real wet you might ask for a light application. I didn't find the sandwiches as exciting but who cares if you have a mammoth salad? 

Last time we were there a well-dressed man walked among the tables and combined the leftover salads from several bowls into one and sat down at had his lunch. Down on funds or eco-warrior?

The only thing that would make this place better would be an organic upgrade for a few bucks more.
Something about this place just draws you back time after time.

Their salads are gigantic. A salad includes heaps of lettuce, alfalfa, garbonzo beans, cucumbers, carrots, avocados, hard-boiled egg, tomatoes.. basically anything you'd want on a salad. You can add your choice of meat, too. Their cold-cut meats are simply amazing. Never dry, always super juicy and tender. For me, the alfalfa completes the salad. It's what makes me gaga for salad.

They give you a slice of fruit and bread on the side. One portion can serve as two meals for sure.

Try their poppyseed dressing!
Eh, ten dollars for salad's not worth it, but great place to stuff yourself with food.
Good selection of salads, soups, breads, and drinks. This place was bumpin' back in the 90's. Buffet style sizzler and this place was the hot spots. Now everyone is more health conscious so yeah.

I'm not really sure if this is healthy. Dressings and creamy soups could be really fattening especially when you get tempted to load on the cheese, bacon bits and croutons. On the plus side (heehee), they have coupons now and it's easy to find. I don't know, I just get full when I think about ALL that food.
goddamn it. i wish we had an intermezzo in san francisco. i have an insatiable appetite for those honey-crack bread and mondo salads. or that godawfully delicious tuna sandwich. so much food for a great price and i love those kidney beans!
I never _loved_ Intermezzo like I love Stuffed Inn on Northside, but I was still a regular.

What's to like:
- Fresh vegetables.
- Huge, no GINORMOUS, portions.
- Great-tasting honey oat wheat bread.
- Many affordable options like half sandwich/half salad, depending on what strikes your mood.
- Comes with a random piece of fruit.

What's ho-hum:
- Never really liked any of the their dressings.  I started with poppyseed since that's the default, and now I usually get blue cheese.  Not a huge fan of either though.
- The salads are pretty boring when you think about it.  It's really just lots of lettuce with some other stuff (like beans, tomato, croutons, avocado, egg, carrots) thrown in, but the tastes don't complement each other that well and the base, normal lettuce, is dull.
- Service is fast but not that friendly or accommodating.  Reminds me a little of the Soup Nazi.

Still, I'll be back again (and again) for sure.
While I enjoy the variety of toppings that Dressed offers one to choose from and certainly enjoy the contemporary feel of the scene, I'm a bit disappointed with what I face - a half-full salad on my desk, leaving me with the post-lunch craving, I'm certain.  I ordered the tofu and it has black spots on it - a bad sign?!

I used to really like this place, but I'm not so sure anymore (apparently others may feel the same as well, as it only had 4 people dining during the peack lunch hour).  

Not sure if it's worth another chance.
So good. Huge salad and soup or sandwich for 7 bucks. SHUT/EAT UP!
I would not go here. It's not BAD, but the food is just very heavy and overwhelming. I went here for dinner, but it's good for a quick lunch. There are a lot of options, so there's something for everyone, but it's just not the best I've had. It's quick and easy though.
I have one word that I really wish I didn't have to say, and it's: Roaches.

For years, this place was my favorite place in the bay area - no, ever, to get a good, cheap, filling salad. I brought every out-of-towner here to impress them with salads as big as their head, and they were never disappointed. 

However, when I went to intermezzo last weekend with three friends of mine, we ordered our food as usual, and things seemed all good until the end of our meal. We were sat at the table immediately to the right of the salad bar, near the wall, and something caught my eye as I was turning around to get my jacket. I noticed some movement, and saw a little bug scuttle by across the counter. 

Normally, bugs don't creep me out...but this was a baby roach, and not only was there one, there were several. And not only were there several, but there were dead ones caught in some cobwebs along the electrical cords that ran alongside the wall and back behind the counter, which tells me they have been there for quite sometime. 

 It was disgusting, and as much as I really, really, hated to believe it, they were there, and when I pointed them out to my friend, we immediately left. On the way home I tried justifying it to myself...it's a great place...so maybe they're doing something about it...surely the staff realize that the roaches are there...scuttling around in plain view on the counters...but no matter how much I tried to talk myself into going back...I can't do it. 

I really hope this place can get rid of them because I loved eating here for so many years, and am so disappointed to post this...but I think what disgusts me most is that the staff just stood there as these baby roaches were freely running around the counter. Surely, if I saw them, they knew about them too?

Suddenly...the food just doesn't appeal to me anymore...
This is one of those places I go to because it's quick and healthy and close to campus.  They have a good amount of different soups and salads.  My favorites are the tomato bisque and the clam chowder.  All salads and soups comes with a free piece of bread which is nice.  I've gotten a sandwich with my soup a couple of times--usually the roast beef.  They're...eh okay I guess--the bread tastes kind of old at times. 

Though they are known for soups, I really enjoy the salads/wraps a bit more.  My favorite has to be the Grilled Chicken Chipotle, and then the Asian Chicken a close second.  Both around $7-7.50.  I like that they also have the option of making any salad a wrap which will cost $7.00 regardless of which salad you choose--and they put the remaining salad that didn't fit in the wrap on the side which is nice.  Overall okay and cheap, quick place to grab food, especially for a student on the go.
Definitely THE best place in Berkeley for salads and sandwiches. You can't beat the prices and their honey wheat bread is to die for. The huge salads are perfect for sharing.
This is the only place I've repeatedly paid for a sandwich. Plus their breakfast burritos (served before 11am) are cheap ($4.50!!!) and TO DIE FOR delicious.
I've had the lobster bisque before, which tasted good... but not 5-star good. Honestly, it was runnier than I had been anticipating. I will probably grab a soup from here again but won't make a habit of it.
This is my go-to place for a good salad :) 

I always get the Chef's Salad, usually with bacon (they give so much!) but I think I will try some new meats soon. Each salad is GINORMOUS and honestly, unless I am starving before I go in, each salad can last me 1.5-2 meals. It costs about $7 and comes with a slice of pineapple and homemade bread. Included in the salad are lettuce, sprouts, a variety of beans, avocado, hard-boiled egg, cucumbers, tomatoes, and delicious croutons! Their poppyseed dressing is my favorite. 

I've never gotten a sandwich here yet, but my friends often do, and the sandwiches are also very big and filling :)
Very tiny spot on 125 street, that is actually also very good.

The guy who owns the place is very nice, and makes a very good breakfast.  From egg sandwiches to oatmeal this place has it all.  The only drawback is that if there are 3 people inside, one might be a bit cramped.  A real take-out only joint, but if you are in the area it beats most other places.
I was really craving something hot and delicious on a hot and rainy day.  People had told me the SF Soup Company was good so I was excited to finally go.  

I got the Southwestern Clam Chowder and regular Clam Chowder to share with a friend.  Both of us were really disappointed in the soups, they both tasted like stuff from the can.  The SW Clam Chowder had a weird gelatinous base that reminded me of egg drop soup from a cheap Chinese restaurant.  The taste of the soup was not impressive enough for the price.

Regular soup: $5.55
Large: $6.55

I'm sure most people would be satisfied with a regular size and you get a free bread roll.  I got the wheat, it tasted like the stuff you buy in grocery stores.  

I won't be coming back.
huge healthy salads and really yummy bread -- definitely recommend the poppyseed dressing in any of the salads.    They also have yummy soup as well.  the lines are worth it...just be prepared to order quickly when you get to the front.. usually the staff is ready to make your salad or sandwich and may not be the friendliest if you're taking your time to order.  If you order takeout.. get ready for a ton of saran wrap.
What are we in? Elementary school all over again? I hate buffet style because I have the fear of carrying my food to the table, tripping and falling and spilling everything.

And who the hell carries their own food unless in a cafeteria?  

Their salads are ok, soups are too salty and the rest... it's like hospital food.  I hear the cedar sinai cafeteria is gourmet food.. should go there instead. and prolly cheaper too!
healthy? maybe..... ask a fat chick
Delicious salads and sandwiches at reasonable prices. Since it's pretty studentful, it's a nice place to go for lunch when you want to be on your own, and just bring your book or magazine with you.

I went once with a friend who liked to take their bread and just stick her face in it. I mean, really, she'd just like shove the whole bottom half of her face in there and inhale. The bread really is good, but that was kind of embarrassing. I have some left over Intermezzo-avoidance after that. Hopefully I haven't passed any of that on to you, because you really should try it out.
With the buy one get one free coupon, this place is a bargain. I enjoy the Asian chicken salad, and the broccoli/raisin/sunflower seed dish. As you can tell I don't remember the name of that dish. The clam chowder here is actually pretty good for a buffet. I try to dig for the clams (har har), and leave out the potatoes. 

I usually also get the baked potato, but after they got rid of the bacon bits on the side ( I think they trying to save money), I stopped eating it. Gotta have the bacon bits along with the cheese/onions/sour cream. Their strawberry muffins are excellent when it is available. Sweet and tangy with the outer layer semi crunchy. Yum.

Oh dang I just got a coupon in my inbox...time to go to SP!
This place is the best.  I make sure to stop here every time I'm in Berkeley.  There is no other place on this planet where I order a salad and don't finish it.  This is one monstrous salad.
I lived in Berkeley for a year and absolutely LOVED this place. The salads and sandwiches are huge and very filling, but I'd definitely recommend the salads. I've split it up into several meals at times because the portion is so generous. The bread that goes with it is really good as well, and the salad usually comes with pineapple or watermelon (depending on the season), which I love. The only downside is that it's so popular that the line often goes out the door and down the block, but it's well worth the wait!
Best poppy seed dressing Ever and huge portions.
Of all of my lunch break haunts, this is surely the most consistently satisfying.  I know this has been yelped before, but Intermezzo's food is just so fresh.  Fresh.  You can taste it.  Especially in the salads, which are also huge, very reasonably priced, and make a good meal with the hunk of bread and wedge of pineapple that accompany them.    Personally, I am a vinaigrette-mixed-in man.  

For sandwiches, I highly recommend both of the ones I have tried and stuck with time and time again - the egg salad and the tofu madness.  However, I'm not really sure if you can go wrong here. 

Finally - much respect to the folks who work here for knocking out those long lines.  They may not engage you in friendly banter, but that's because they work somewhere that is (justifiably) too well liked and thus too busy for them to chat on the job.
I've been coming here for years and loving the food. I hope the owner sees this review because I like Intermezzo and intend it as constructive criticism. 
Lately the restaurant has been so horribly dirty that I lose my appetite. Dishes and old food everywhere, taking up free tables... flies buzzing around all the abandoned food, gross sticky stuff and food on the floor... Yuck! There was even a huge puddle of some kind of liquid on the flood when I got there last time and I told the people at the counter that there was a spill to clean up. Forty minutes later when I'd finished my lunch, no one had cleaned it up or even come to look at it. 
Get your act together before someone reports you for being unsanitary.
If you want sandwiches the size of your face and salads in a bowl the size of your torso, this is the place to go.  Good prices for great sandwiches,but always expect a line out the door if you're going around lunch time.  Yummy BLTA (gotta have the avocado).
I've been here twice, and both times I ordered filling salads. The staff are friendly. The salads are huge. I couldn't even make room for my side sandwich. Get a salad with poppyseed dressing. And if you do not like dressing all over your salad, you can ask for it on the side. My sister ordered the eggplant sandwich, and she loved the toasted bread with the grilled eggplant. I liked the variety of toppings in the salads. There were lots of tomatoes and carrots. The meals are affordable and delicious, not to mention healthy. Great lunch or date place! Remember it's CASH only.
a wonderful little cafe. the prices are fair, the staff is friendly and the food is great. everything seems to be made with care. even the juices are made in house. the strawberry lemonade is killer (and bottomless). the sandwiches are massive and can easily be shared. this joint is cash only so make sure you stop by an atm.
I love the place. I always get the half sandwich and half salad option. If you are counting your calories, I guess there are low fat dressing options. I always get the poppy seed dressing on the side. I am a guy and I eat a lot. I have a hard time finishing the whole thing in one setting. So it's better to have the dressing on the side and I can always finish the salad later.

I am taking a star away because I really dislike the amount of cellophane they use. I mean, come on, be more environmentally friendly! Find alternative ways to wrap a sandwich onto the salad box.
simply the best salad for that price..  love the poppy seed dressing
There should be a Cafe Intermezzo in every city, town, and village

Yeah, it's just salad/soup/sanwiches, but they load it up enough to make Kobayashi grin with content.

Super fast service...decent salads/wich's...awesome for shallow pockets and huge appetites.
This place kinda blows.  The food is very bland.  There are a lot of overweight people here, you get the idea of what this place is, a "healthy" place with a lot of salad dressing.  I highly recommend the Corner Bakery as a detour.
This is a brand new Food Kiosk in the Translational Research Center on the westside of the Perelman Center.

Very convenient grab and go sushi, salad, fruit, beverages and lots of snacks!!

I had a bowl of chicken orzo soup and a side of pasta salad which were both fresh, hearty and delicious for only $7 bucks.

Not bad for a filling meal on the go!

Will definitely return to try out the rest of the menu!
I've really missed Cafe Intermezzo since I left California.  Namely, I miss their peanut-butter, honey, and banana sandwiches.  I've tried to make it myself, but it's NEVER nearly as good as Cafe Intermezzo.
i don't get it.
this place is PACKED.
my suitemate brought a bunch of us here a year ago, and...maybe i ordered the wrong thing. my roommate and i both thought the poppyseed dressing was gross. our sandwiches were decent (mine was eggplant) but gave us stomach problems, which did not make me a happy camper.
thanks to classical conditioning, i will not be coming here again.
This became one of my favorite places to go in the entire Bay Area.  It's all salad, all the time, with the occasional soup.  I have to come back every so often to get my fix, and I bring out of towners here whenever possible.  Half a mile south of the Berkeley campus is one of the best salads you'll ever have.  Fresh ingredients, made as you order, great bread.

I always get the chef salad, which is basically the big salad with deli meat.  The deli meat is really high quality stuff, and I usually get the pastrami.  Your salad comes with lettuce, avocadoes, kidney beans, garbanzo beans, egg, croutons, tomatoes, cucumbers, and alfafa sprouts.  They have various dressings, which you can get mixed in or on the side. These salads are so ginormous, most people can't eat the entire thing in one sitting.  So it's advisable to get the dressing on the side to eat the rest of the salad later.

I've been out of school for 8 years, and it's a relief to see that nothing about the place has changed.  The lines can be long, but they move relatively quickly.  There is only seating for about 40 inside, but I usually get it to go and sit and people-watch on the Berkeley campus.  For about $6, you can get the full-blown salad, and add the deli meat for another $2.00.   Seriously, this salad is easily 2 meals for most people.

The soups are pretty good, and you can get the sandwiches with their totally awesome bread.  Most women I know don't even bother and just pull it apart and each with a knife and fork.  The salad comes with a huge slice of the bread, so you can just get the chef salad and make your own sandwich.  My fav dressing is the herb vinaigrette.

OK, now I've talked myself into getting it this weekend.  See you there.
Good snack bar/kiosk in the penn med center. 

I believe they have eliminated sushi from their menu and are now focusing more on soups, salads, yogurt parfaes and snacks. I believe they also offer water ice.
 
There are typically 3 our 4 soup options available and they are all top notch and taste homemade.

Prices are reasonable and the service is friendly. Overall its a good option for those looking for a light lunch or dinner or a quick snack, but you prefer something fresh rather than the philly grease trucks.
There needs to be more places like this!  It's true - they do have the best salads... I usually get the veggie delight salad, not tossed, with the vinaigrette on the side - the salad has lettuce, red cabbage, sliced tomato, sliced carrots, halved avocado, a hard-boiled egg, sprouts, croutons, kidney beans and garbanzo beans; I chop everything up some more, add dressing as needed and this lasts me three or even four days sometimes.... so good - and it's really basic stuff, I don't know why other restaurants don't do this.
They have the best sandwiches and salads I have EVER EVER had!  
Saddens me that I can't find anywhere like Cafe Intermezzo in New York.
The fact that their salads are huge is their major selling point, but overall they're just . . . adequate. i really hate the bread and the fruit they give you, too--poor quality/crusty.
I bit into my sandwich and I got a mouthful of dirt. The alfalfa sprouts still had dirt on them talk about fresh.  I think the bum outside pissed on the patch of alfalfa sprouts before they picked them. HAHAHA
When I heard that a new soup place opened up in Providence, I knew I had to go. ASAP.  Blount's has a decent sized menu (including fish and chips, grilled cheese, burgers etc.), but the emphasis is really on the soups. You can even get frozen soups to take home!

We tried the lobster bisque and the chowder. Both were good, but not great. The lobster bisque was pretty bland; it definitely needed a few shakes of salt and pepper. The chowder had a thin broth and needed more potatoes. But hey, these are not gourmet soups. And considering the prices ($3.95 for a cup/$4.95 for a bowl), I thought they were a decent deal.  

The one major miss was the clam cakes with chourico. I was hoping Blount would have clam cakes as good as those at Iggy's in Warwick or Aunt Carrie's in Narragansett. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking on that front, because Blount's clam cakes didn't even come close. Their clam cakes were super dense, almost like someone had deep fried a scone with bacon in it. Kinda gross. Also, the chourico was so overpowering that I could not taste the clam at all.  Maybe the plain ones are better?

We ate there, but I think this place is really geared towards the to-go crowd. Unlike Olga's, Blount has a large parking lot for customers, so it's easy to get in and out in no time. I will definitely be back to try more soups. Next time, scallop and bacon!
I agree with the earlier poster who said that you either like Souplantation or don't like it. I like having lots of menu choices, but as a vegetarian that experience can be hard to find at mainstream restaurants. I appreciate being able to make my own salads, combining a little bit here and there, and then stocking up on soups, pastas, pizza-like calzones and desserts. The menu does not deviate that much from this basic template but they try to be creative with their biweekly themes. The Club Veg coupons are definitely worthwhile - lately they have been offering $7.99 dinners with no beverage purchase required (water glasses are free) as well as the buy one get one free/buy one get one 50% off offers. They also promote breakfast specials, but I've never been there for breakfast, and there are many less expensive options out there.

I haven't been to the Pasadena location when it is really busy. It is larger than some of the other locations I'm familiar with and seems to have plenty of private seating for a quiet dinner, but the time of day probably makes a big difference. Anyway, the coupons help  make it a great value, and I try to go when I'm hungry enough to sample plenty of menu options.
Souplantation...not much to say here...but I'll give it a go!

If you've been to one, you've been to them all: Tons of my cousins (yes, I'm an American first, then I happen to be of Chinese decent), rude people (not the workers), rug rats running around wildly, etc.

If I'm gonna go to Souplantation, it will be this one...primarily because at least I'm in a decent area.

After my fiasco at Baskin Robbins a few hours earlier, I needed to replenish my belly, and since I still felt the tiny piece of plastic still lodged in my throat, what better way to help push it down my esophagus then to eat a bunch of roughage! Raw broccoli here I come!

I'm pretty simple when going to a salad bar. Give me romaine, spinach, tomatoes, olives, and beets and we'll call it a day! Well, that's what I concocted.

I also have a tendency of gorging on the chicken noodle soup and mac-n-cheese. I know, they're far from being the best, but oh well. The chicken soup broth was full of flavor. The chicken chucks however, totally bland and dry! Thick mushy noodles...blah! At least the mac-n-cheese was tolerable!

Friendly cashiers and friendly busboys/girls...

Okay, 'nough said...Roland out!

:-/
I love this place. If you are a freak for sandwiches on chunky grainy bread and fresh salads in huge bowls, this is your heaven. Huge portions, unbelievably affordable. I can't walk by this place without stopping by everytime I visit.
What happened? They used to have salads that would explode once opened. Now they barely fill half the box.


Twice I have come here since my first experience with a small salad and twice I have left with small salads. ????? Sad times.


If you are customizing your order, be SURE to be clear. The employees are usually rushing and more than often can mess up.
ENORMOUS SALADS 
I was greedy and didn't want to share with my friends so i bought my own. I didn't finish, so I offered my leftovers to a homeless guy begging for food and he actually said NO because he's "sick of those salads" hahaha that just shows how many people don't finish because they give you SOO MUCH FOOD! 

poppyseed dressing is what makes it really good :)
Typical Souplantation. Nice to try a different location. Parking was really a pain as you have to park in a lot and get your ticket validated.
But i love me some Soup-Plantation!
Why does everyone love this place?  I thought the bread was dry, the salad was eh mediocre, and the dressings weren't jizz or anything....I've heard that their banana peanut butter sandwich deal is pretty good, but I'm just not a big fan of this place.  Except the random tree in the middle of the cafe.... I guess...
I love any lunch spot that has reasonably priced, tasty, and healthy options that can be ordered and consumed with time left to spare on what is, for me, a tight 60-minute lunch hour. 

Since its opening, Spudnick's has become another solid lunch player and continues to improve in each of the aforementioned areas with every subsequent visit.

AFOREMENTIONED AREAS

Price: 
Very reasonable. A straight-from-the-menu salad will run you about $8 (with tax). You'll pay a bit more to design your own salad as that starts at about $9. Sandwiches and potatoes are in the same range. 

Tasty Options: 
Tastewise, I'll just say that I love cobb salads and have ordered that every time I've been here. This is extremely unlike me as I usually like to conquer as much of the menu as appeals to me. However, I just really, really, like that salad. Paired with their made on site chipotle ranch and you're good for the rest of the afternoon. I personally found that I enjoy the salad with turkey over the chicken because it comes cubed in more manageable chunks and is more moist. Also, I hate when a cobb salad has blue cheese "powder" and am in love with the fact that I can find actual chunks to seek my teeth into. Oh, and they have good bacon!

The fries here are good if you like them skinny and crisp. 

I've tried the cheese/bacon potato and that sucker, on top of broccoli cheese soup, is delicious. I'd order it if I weren't avoiding carbs because potato carb is happy carb, true story. 

Oh, and that brownie is evilly delicious (which I tried from a promo coupon). 

Healthy Options:
Everything's laid out for viewing when you walk in and looks fresh and ready for consumption. The makings for a healthy, clean meal are all laid out. Of course, one can sabotage one's self with a few "cheat" items, but I won't judge you. 

Fits within Lunch Hour:
The speed has definitely picked up over time. I cut it very close my first visit, but now I can come in and eat with time to spare for a leisurely walk back to work. 

BONUS AREAS

Service:
The staff here is really knowledgeable and alert. They'll take your order quickly, happily offer recommendations, and check in with you to make sure your meal came out the way you hoped it would. 

Portion: 
The salad comes in a giant metal bowl and, for the same price, you get nearly double a half-sized CPK salad. 

Sidewalk Seating: 
I really like the brick bench seating along the sidewalk. Just sayin. 

AREAS FOR CONSIDERATION
(Really just one) 

Layout:
It's a little weird. There's a whole line up of ingredients that you walk by prior to ordering. It becomes wasted space when it gets crowded, but the register moves the line along.
A fantastic place to eat healthy. I love this place because it's a good break from fast food and other oily greasy foods. The portions and price are terrific. I'm a big eater and have trouble finishing a whole sandwhich here. A half size is just enough for me. Salads are great too. Really good for one's system. The only thing is the long gets too long and seating can be hard to get at peak hours. Plus sometimes the service can be a little dense. Probably college students, hopefully not from Cal.
it's been at least 3 years since i've been back here and it as just as good as i remember it!! my mom has been complaining of not having good healthy meals lately and i remembered she really enjoyed the sandwiches and salads here so i stopped in yday after visiting a client in berkeley. i got the tossed salad with poppy seed dressing on the side and the chicken salad sandwich. after we both ate, we still half the salad left. this place is  yummy, healthy and inexpensive. can i give it 6 stars???  only con is the lack of parking in front of the restaurant.
Intermezzo was amazing!  I hope the rumors are true that they are reopening!  Their chicken salad sandwiches were like giant chunks of heaven, piled high with flavorful chicken salad (not just your run of the mill chicken salad either), fresh lettuce, and tomato.  It was not uncommon to get a sandwich that was four inches tall.  These sandwiches were monsters.  I got mine with fresh onions, no mayo, Dijon, and a side of Dijon, which was of course free of charge.  I loved the half sandwich, half salad combo.  When I managed to finish that baby, I was stuffed.  It was a great move when they started to use cherry/grape tomatoes in their salads rather than sliced tomatoes.  I went there with family once, and the four of us couldn't finish a large salad and sandwich amongst ourselves.  Their fresh brown bread was amazing -- either as a side or in a sandwich.  Everything was always fresh and delicious.  I tried most everything on the menu, and if an order was ever even slightly wrong, a generous and friendly overcompensation was sure to accompany it.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  I loved the atmosphere and decorations that accompanied the seasonal changes.  It was great to sit at a table or in front of the window to people watch on Telegraph.  Normally I wouldn't feel as comfortable at a place so packed with people, but the experience was well worth it.  The only thing I would have liked is if they rotated their soup menu more frequently.  I once had a wonderful cauliflower soup there, yet it was never offered again.  I'm not the biggest fan of their udon soup and vegetarian chili in general.  Their pastries were also good, and their spirits were reasonably priced, as all their other items.  It would be great if they could reopen with an outside area as well.  That place is always packed.
My husband, Wonderful Wayne, turned me on to Cafe Intermezzo's a few years ago, and I was HYPED. I loved the quality of the salads (delish beans, good greens, avocados, eggs) AND the quantity. The honey whole wheat bread was super yummy, and last year I discovered an even BETTER combo, the 1/2 salad with 1/2 sandwich (the eggplant/roasted red pepper option is FAB). What I wasn't lovin' was the fact that they want cash only, the parking sucks and the cleanliness of the servers was questionable at best. Now, I'm reading about how Cafe Intermezzo's is the Berkeley version of Ratatouille, and I'm quite disgusted. Soooooooooo, it looks like I'll have to rethink my fave salad hot spot--Thanks, Yelpers!
One of the first places my friends dragged me to when I moved to Berkeley. Their salads are huge, and have always been fresh. Most Yelpers are right - you can fix up the same thing with a little more inspiration at home... but at what cost? Actual exertion, thought and time to prepare our own meals? That's not why we're on Yelp.

Their sandwiches, are why I gave this place four stars. They're huge and the bread is always fresh. I've never had a bad experience or freshness problems on anything, ever. The half-sandwich, half-salad is a really good, satisfying deal.

This is my fallback place when I'm feeling cheap and healthy - yes, I said healthy. If you know me, this is as far as I'm willing to compromise without feeling like a rabbit.
Everything here is really huge.

Sandwiches:  I think they're around $5 each.  They use fresh ingredients and pile everything very high.  They make their own honeywheat bread (or something of that nature) that is soft and delicious.  The turkey and roast beef sandwiches are great as is the chicken salad.

Salads:  so huge that I've yet to finish one.  They have the veggie salad with avacado, egg, beans, sprouts, tomatoes, etc. and a chef salad that has all the veggies and a pile of any of the deli meats.  They have a few varieties of dressing with my favorite being the poppy seed.  

I would say to avoid going there later in the day because the fresh ingredients are not so fresh anymore.  Lunchtime is probably the best but expect long lines.
i'm a huge salad buff but i tend to resist buying salads outside b/c i'm rather vain about my own salad-making abilities.  intermezzo's salads are irresistible though.  i always get the half sandwich tossed green salad combo ($5.25 + more for avocado) where you get a great sandwich (on super scrumptious whole grain bread) and a *huge* side salad.  try their house poppy seed dressing...soooooo good, it's making me hungry just thinking about it.  they have decent strawberry lemonade with free refills too!
I'm not sure how to feel about Blount Clam Shack, at least when it comes to the soups. Blount is a big factory for soups and even supplies to Panera & Legal Sea Foods (including the hailed Legal clam chowder). And that's great that a local company can do such big business, don't get me wrong. 

They have their own locations to sell soups under their own brand, but it's still made in the factory & trucked in. I'm not impressed with going to a place that is specifically a soup & chowder place and getting essentially, canned soup. Since factory packaged soup lasts for a very long time, you don't know when that Blount soup was made. As a comparison, Iggy's comes right out and says that they make their chowders fresh daily. Blount's soups are good, probably the best pre-made soups you can buy. They are not overly salty and don't have MSG. But I'm not going to SOUP RESTAURANT to eat "good canned soup". 

Given that they don't make the soup at the location, I'm dubious about whether the seafood options are truly fresh or just frozen & refried. Notice that the website for the clam shack conspicuously doesn't advertise "fresh fish".
Excellent honey wheat bread. Great salads. Solid hummus.
If you look past the bums sitting outside looking hungrily at you, alfalfa sprouts and avocado all over the floor seats and tables, and tons of people everywhere, you will find an amazing salad place. 

Under $10 for: a salad bigger than your head, packed with beans, avocado, egg, and deliciousness that will fill up your tummy with healthiness, Fresh bread that is so packed with grain that its a lot heavier than it looks, and slice of pineapple. One salad is way enough for two (I know, how can salad fill you up?). My jaws always hurt after Cafe Intermezzo because I'm so busy chewing their fresh veggies- I probably burn off the calories in the salad by chewing so damn much. 

Note: I recommend getting a chef salad w/ your fave meat, paying by cash, with their magical poppyseed dressing. You may fall in love. 

Note 2: They sell their bread ends for something like $1 a bag. Cheap college students who don't mind bread ends? Yes, please!
I had forgotten about how good this place was!  The first time I went was about 15 years ago when I was in High School.  Back then, we thought it was really cool to go to Berkeley and check out the scene and eat at Intermezzo.  The first time we went, the line for lunch snaked out of the building and down the sidewalk.  I thought "What IS this place?"

All I remember from so many years ago were their GINORMUS salads that were served in large wooden bowls at a very reasonable price.

Cue forward 15 years.  Not much has changed.  They still serve the huge salads in the bowls for about $7.50.  Sandwiches are still made on their homemade honey wheat bread for a great price...and are very tasty.  There were 3 different homemade soups available as well.

I was surprised that they didn't have any selection of chips available....but no big deal.  If I had known how big my sandwich was going to be, I would have known that chips or soup were not even necessary.

Good to see some places don't change very much at all!
Hmm.
How to describe how much I love this place.... I get exactly how many words?

OK, let's keep it simple, lest "Michael M" decides to bust on the length of my reviews again.  (Haha... thanks for the compliment.  Appreciated.)

I have always had to travel at least an hour to get to this place, and now, nearly two hours.  It's worth the drive when you're looking for fresh food that will fill you up to your esophagus, but not weigh you down, as it's so light and healthy.

I first ate at this place many years ago, when I was brought here by someone with whom I loved to eat.  Long after I no longer wanted to eat with him, I still love coming to Cafe Intermezzo.  It's a great place to be when the weather is just right - and you don't mind waiting in line and waiting for a seat while your stomach glues itself  to your backside from hunger pangs.  Always worth the wait... or you can do like I do and go past lunchtime.  This is not a "drop by and grab a quick lunch" place during your lunch hour, unless your lunch hour is 2 hours long.

On my first visit - I scanned the menu and gave a cocky snort at this ridiculous "half-sandwich" or "half-salad" deal.  Half?  Ha!

Now, this girl can eat.  This is no lie, and no exaggeration - and I have never hidden this fact.  When the food is good, Grace can eat.  So naturally, I ordered a full salad and a full turkey/avocado sandwich, and stood in line, excitedly waiting for the college kids to prepare my grub.

Uh-Oh.
What was that?
This girl just whipped out a bowl the size of a XL SINK to throw lettuce in.  I think that's MY salad.  
Then she pulled out two pieces of bread, both the size of a little country, and schlapped on the meat and tons of veggies... overflowing. 
Uh-Oh.  Me thinks Grace finally met her match.

Upon sitting down, I took two bites out of my enormous sandwich.  Fresh and tasty, it's exactly as I would have hoped.  But then I must now make an informed decision..... I obviously cannot pack my salad to go as it is already mixed in with the dressing, so I sadly put aside my sandwich and start on my salad.
This thing is HUGE.
I felt like a giant rabbit after I was done but if nothing else, it's fresh and filling.  YUM.  I could barely get up to ask for a way to pack up my sandwich  to take home with me.

Some 8 hours later, I spent 3 hours eating the sandwich.  HUGE.  Still good, too.

For the nominal cost at Cafe Intermezzo, I was able to feast the whole day.  A good deal on any day of the week.

Needless to say, for my next visits, I have always ordered the half sandwich/half salad deal - -  and it's STILL tough to finish sometimes.

Sidenote:  On a few visits, I have noticed that the bread is substandard compared to my previous visits.  I suppose this can be expected since the bread is made daily by people.... but the majority of my visits have consisted of good to great bread.  Meat and veggies have always been topnotch.

I've always meant to try the hummus sandwiches - - but one glance of the roast beef or turkey and I keep changing on my mind....

Incidentally, I have always claimed (and continue to do so) that if I owned my own deli-style restaurant, I'd have it take after Cafe Intermezzo.  I so wish one was closer to me!

OK, so even when keeping it "simple", I'm too wordy.  
Gimme a break, Michael M....  :-)
Huge salads.  Huge.  Like ginormous.  I like the poppy seed dressing.  It takes me hours to eat these salads and I still can't finish them.  I like the bread too.  I haven't tried anything but the salads.  But for about 5 bucks, you can't really go wrong, it's a hell of a lot of food.
When I'm feeling all gung-ho about eating healthy (eh, who am I kidding -- healthier), I'll order one of their ginormous chef salads without getting any shit from my server for ordering the meat as "half bacon and half tofu."  

When I really want to grub, I'll order a BLTA and stare at the big brown bowl of densely crunchy yet never greasy big ol' strips of bacon while standing in line.  Since I'm a food weirdo the last bite on that bad mofo always has to consist of pure bacon and avocado bliss.

Seriously, you can't find a better place to gorge your fill (for cheap!) yet still have mounds of food waiting for you in your fridge the next day.  For a poor college kid, that kind of awesomeness is truly heart-warming.  Like, it's almost Hallmark-ian and shit.  Yeah.

Note: It's cash only and you might as well ask for a take-out container while you're paying for your food...especially if you're lazy like me who thinks that trotting back up to the line after I've already eaten a portion the size of my ass is way superfluous and totally annoying.
Evan's Thoughts

Great sandwiches, low prices, earthy decor, and good for you are just a few words to describe my experience at Cafe Intermezzo.

I got the BLTA (the 2.0 version of the BLT with the wonderful addition of avocado) and a raspberry iced tea.  The sandwich was fabulous!  Made on their home made honey wheat bread, this quaint cafe did not skimp on the bacon or the avocado like I know some restaurants do.  Just give me anything with bacon or avocado and I'll like it.  If you combine bacon and avocado, the dish and I will form an unbreakable friendship...well until I eat it.

I also hear great things about their mountainous salads which I am going to try next time I go here. (I hear you have to scale the sprouts and the iceberg lettuce to finish it, but I'm willing to try).  

$8 for a fantastic healthy sandwich and unlimited refills of a raspberry iced tea will make this sandwich lover definitely come back for more.
I love salads and Intermezzo is the place to be!
This place is awesome! The food is flavorful and cheap. My husband and I each had a mug of clam chowder (a very generous portion, more like a bowl than a cup) and shared a lobster roll, fries, and clam cakes. The clam cakes are almost like hush puppies: round and small and ever so slightly sweet. Everything was delicious, especially the chowder. I would eat here all the time if I were local.
they build impressive salads here.. i'm not a HUGE salad enthusiast, but if you've got fresh ingredients (and plenty of it) to make a flavorful salad.. you're a winner in my book. Sandwiches are super tasty as well.. Oh, get a mocha.. watch them scoop out a huge spoonful of chocolate whatever-the-hell-it-is. YUM.

get there before the lunch line goes out the door. it's a long ass line hint* figure out what you want, and memorize it before you reach the counter.. 

if you love people watching, the seats facing out the window are prime spots..
I like Souplantation. I like the food, the ambiance, its location in the Pasadena area, and the buffet-style. I've come here very often with my dad and brother because I love its salads, breads, pastas, and family restaurant vibe. The salads are excellent and usually fresh, but I will admit I have also ended up eating slightly wilted salads. Unfortunately, Souplantation seems to be kind of losing its spark because things don't taste as fresh anymore, but that's something that can be easily fixed.

This is part of a review I wrote for Sweet Tomatoes (which is literally the exact same as Souplantation, but I still prefer Souplantation hahaha) that should still be relatable to this restaurant: 
Overall, the buffet-style food is good and simple. Breads, salads, fruits, soups, pastas, and ice cream dessert do well to fill me up. Mind you, just because Souplantation  is "vegetarian-friendly" and deemed healthIER than most American restaurants doesn't mean you can eat whatever you want in large quantities. It's very easy to want to fill up on the pastas and other carb options instead of the salads you grab in the beginning. I suggest you get a large, reasonable amount of greens before reaching the cash register and then sitting down and eating it all before going for other foods. If you eat some pasta and then return to your salad, the latter doesn't taste very appetizing, versus eating your yummy salads in the beginning and enjoying it thoroughly before reaching for the richer, more unhealthy foods.
Finally went in. I've been walking by everyday. My service was pretty quick and the staff was nice. I had a great baked potato and waldorf salad and really enjoyed it. Nice to have free WIFI too. I'll definitely make this place part of my weekly routine. Great job Spudnick's.
I really hope this place stays around long enough. Please, please, please. Anyway, the soups are awesome. You can sample any of them before deciding, so I tried the chicken tortilla soup, after reading Trumom R.'s comment about how people rave about it. Definitely can see why. It was very tasty. They top it with lots of cheese and some cilantro, and by the time you open it, it's all melted in with the chicken and tortilla chips = lots of flavor and lots of texture. Add a hunk of bread, and sigh, talk about comfort food. At least for me. 

Clean, bright place, uses eco-friendly spoons, forks, other ware and cups as well.  There's limited seating, but you're in and you're out with food so that's not really a downside. Staff is friendly and singing along to Akon on the radio. Definitely made my morning.
One of my favorites in Berkeley.  Not only is the food super good, it's super good for you and that makes me feel super good.
If you ever take E45 at Cal, you'll learn that FCC and HCP are the most close-packed structures.

Wrong. The Intermezzo Salad To Go is probably packed the tightest. (Sorry Professor Gronsky...) There have been times where I got a salad, opened it and ate until I was full, and then I would still barely be able to close the to-go box. 

Poppy seed dressing is the best. The salads might get boring after a while which is why I would recommend getting the BLTA sandwich. There is literally at least an inch of bacon so that's guaranteed delicious. Plus the whole wheat bread makes it healthy.. right?
Who knew a salad place could be so amazing?! Big portions for a relatively cheap price plus it's healthy and delicious. Who could ask for more, especially as starving students??

I ordered the Chef's Salad - it's enough for 2-3 meals (and only $7.75)! Very colorful and packed. Everything from kidney and garbanzo beans to avocado and tomatoes - the poppy seed dressing is a nice touch to it too. A slice of bread is also included, and it's just as tasty. I was worried it would be dry (seeing that it looked almost like wheat bread), but it's semi-sweet and not dry at all. When I couldn't eat anymore, I packed the remaining salad in a to-go box and it looks like a full meal - as if I didn't eat anything and was taking it all to-go!

Now I definitely see why everyone loves this place, can't believe it's taken me this long to finally try it out for myself!
BEST place to go in the Berkeley area for lunch if you want a big, fresh, hearty, healthy salad! 

The servings at Cafe Intermezzo are HUGE! I usually get the $7.50 combo of veggie delight salad and sandwich or soup. Their Thai Chicken Noodle Soup is soo good! My favorite dressing is definitely their housemade poppyseed dressing.

This place always has a line, it's even crowded in the summer time when Cal isn't in session. But the line moves quickly and it's definitely worth the wait. Most people get it to go so it's not like a huge line of people waiting for a table to open up at a restaurant. 

Every friend I've taken to this place loved it!
Cafe Intermezzo aka THE BIG ASS SALAD PLACE.
Cheap eats done well.
Simple, yet scrumptious when I need to feel healthy. 
I'd share a salad with a friend; you are a god if you can finish one yourself.
Packed, but you can pretty much always snag a table if you're fast.
everytime i walk in to intermezzo, i can't help but think there's something off. i mean, ok so they ARE cheap salads...BUT are they even worth the $6 you paid for them? their poppyseed dressing is lackluster, the few "veggies" they put into the salads are underripe, and i don't consider lettuce a healthy staple. i have friends who love it so much, i'm really beginning to question our friendships....i just really don't see the hype. the bread is OK....on a good day. Overall, not a fan.
Yes, their salads are ENORMOUS.  Yes, they're cheap.  But because their dressings suck, it ruins the salad.  Both the poppyseed and the herbal vinaigrette dressings were cloyingly sweet. And the blue cheese dressing was thin, bland, and decidedly un-cheesy.  

These awful dressings spoiled what would've otherwise been a great salad full of lettuce, red cabbage, tomatoes, hard boiled egg, avocado, carrot, garbanzo beans, kidney beans*, and your choice of sandwich meat.  Why on earth there was a line out the door is a mystery to me.  What a waste of time and stomach space.  Blah!

P.S. staring at the group of young, homeless ruffians sitting right outside the window while I tried to eat my salad did not exactly do wonders for my appetite. 

*I got mine sans beans because I hate them!
Zoup is a very interesting new restaurant! Soups, salads and sandwiches with an emphasis on the soup. They have 100 soups with 12 in rotations everyday. They had 3 vegetarian options available for soup and multiple sandwich options. I only tried soup and it was pretty delectable. The decor and ambiance is also very quaint. It is a little pricey, but the soups are great and worth the money. I most definitely want to go back and try more!
Okay their salads may be good, but my sandwich was awfully dry and lacked taste. NOT worth the line. I think Hummingbird's sandwiches are a much better value.......
I come here mainly for the veggie delight and whenever I feel guilty from eating too much junk food over the days. The food here is extremely healthy. Trust me I know since I was briefly obsessed with nutrition/fitness for a period of my life. The amount of salad you get is obscenely large ( a good deal for the price) and I swear to god that I just feel better after eating their food. You almost always have portions left over so you can eat it for lunch the day after, which is awesome because it means you don't have to cook. Very important for a college student.
Their chef salads are the light of my life!!! Honey wheat bread FTW! 

The only downside is that there is about a million calories (okay, maybe like 1500) in one of those salads, so get it to-go and space it out over four or five meals, if you are calorie conscious. 

I like the poppyseed dressing best--I wish I could buy it by the bottle (but then I would know exactly how many calories are in it so then again...).
Free wi-fi, fresh baked foccacia bread, amazing smoothies- essential components to what I call a true cafe.  I visit this place even till this day; that's how good it is.
big wide open feeling, great place to bring kids, sit and play battleship, have meetings etc.  the food is all home made and mostly all local produce. their lobster bisque and mushroom bisque are gourmet quality. sandwiches and salads all good.  service can be slow but it is locally-owned, local food, made in house--clean and nutritious!  stop giving money to those chains and support our great family-run businesses!
oh and the chocolate fondue is amazing!
Whats the big deal with Intermezzo?  They serve salads, sandwiches.... but nothing is THAT great about them.  They do serve a good amount of meat in the sandwiches, but honestly they come out a tad dry for my taste... and I can tolerate pretty dry and bland, TRUST ME. They do however offer speedy service and never hesitate to hand me any extras I might ask of them (crutons, dressing, etc...) Maybe if they offered a chicken breast sandwich instead of only a chicken salad sandwich I might give it another try.  They do offer a selection of fresh squeezed juices and an occasional dessert if thats your thang.
The soups are way too salty!  If it weren't for the severe saltiness, I would eat here several times a week.  I've only tried the soups three times over the past two and a half years, and each time I'm unable to finish the soup because of the salt content.  Otherwise, they are delicious (lobster bisque and chicken option especially).  The combo with the salad option is nothing special, I wouldn't recommend it since it is merely a tiny generic house salad.

EDIT: the owner of this shop contacted me via Yelp and invited me in for as many samples as I'm interested in trying, including the lower-sodium options.  While I haven't had the time to go in, I really think its an admirable business practice to do this and to respond proactively to online reviews.  I hope to try the lower-sodium options sometime this year, and will update accordingly.
This was one beast of a salad.  If the ambience was a little better, I would have grabbed one of the corner seats and a newspaper and eaten the same salad for lunch and dinner.  The dude in front of us smelled awful, but I suppose that isn't Intermezzo's fault.  Anyways, a friend and I split the Veggie delight (garbanzo and kidney beans, sprouts, cherry tomatoes, croutons, cucumbers and avocado with a poppy seed dressing) and couldn't even finish the salad between the two of us.  The rest of the menu looked deliciously healthy as well, but if portion sizes are consistent with the salads, I'm going to have to have fast for a couple days before coming back.  Great food at great prices, next time I'll know to bring hungry friends and some air fresheners.
A couple of years ago I wrote a review of Dressed on Citysearch praising the quality and taste of the food here, but criticizing the price. Well, Dressed has been growing on me ever since. I still think I'd eat here more often if I could get out for under $10, but the price is getting to be more and more worth it for me. 

The thing is, the ingredients are just so dang fresh and tasty. I could never eat at a place like Doc Green's again - seriously, that place disgusts me after eating at Dressed and knowing what a salad should taste like. Avocados were one of the ingredients in my salad today, and the guy picks a whole avocado and peels and slices it in front of me, just for my salad. Try getting that somewhere else without a waiter.

Also, I began branching out and trying other pre-selected salad creations, and every time I do, I'm surprised at how much I like them. Like this Po Boy salad - sounds terrible, but is now one of my favorites. 

Wifi is fast and easy to connect to. Writing this review on it now!
Like another Yelper said, I hope this place stays around! Over the past year I've seen so many restaurants and shops come and go. But I think this one is worthy of keeping. I came here for the first time today with a $2 coupon they were handing out on the street last week, and as soon as I saw "Matzo Ball Soup" on the menu, I didn't even look at anything else. The soups come with a piece of bread, and you get get either a half salad or half sandwich combo with the soup for another $1.50 extra. What a deal! (especially with the coupon)

The Matzo Ball Soup was DELICIOUS. It's only the 2nd time I've had it (first time was at Saul's Delicatessen,also highly recommended) so I can't tell you if it's authentic or not, but it sure was good! My two friends got clam chowder and liked it too...I tried a couple spoonfuls and thought it was decently good. Perhaps not as good as Boudin's in SF, but when for this side of the bay, it's pretty darn good.

Highly recommended...the coupon lured me in and they proved themselves worthy.

(very small place though, don't expect to be able to sit down...we ended up having to go across the street to find a place to eat)

P.S. Takes American Express!!!! One of the few places around here that does...w00t!
Go here for the soup...only open during (weekday)  lunch hours.  They have a sign that tells you what the best soup of the day is....this is definitely the one to pick!
I had a panini here during lunch and it was very underwhelming. The service was okay, but really it was the food that was disappointing. The bland ingredients of runny cheese, red pepper, and chicken made the sandwich soggy. All in all, I will not be returning.
Went here after last week after an event at Cal.  I had heard the previous week from a friend about how good the soup is, so gave it a shot.  We had the Southwestern Chicken and the Corn Chowder.  Both were very good.  The only improvement from our experience would be the rolls they provide are average.  A much better role would have made this 5 stars...rather than 4.5.
I have fantasies about the veggie delight with poppyseed dressing when I leave the state--with all the real vegetables piled on top, it's one of the few salads I've had that actually feels like a real meal.  My only complaint is that the salad is TOO BIG, and it always gets too soggy to finish off the leftovers.  Their bread is dense and tasty, and although it's not quite salty enough for my taste, that is easily rectified with a little butter.  The lemonade and strawberry lemonade are delicious.
I didn't know salad could taste so good! ...until I came here. The sandwiches are pretty bomb too, and personally, I think the half and half is a good deal, because the regular size salad bowls are humongous!! All of the salads are amazing (very fresh), but don't forget to ask to add the tofu thing (I don't know what it's called, but I think it's the only "tofu thing" there--marinated or roasted tofu?) because that's (one of) the best part(s)! :)
I found this spot serendipitously.  I was looking for a place to chill out for a few hours, and this one has plenty of room.  But fast forward an hour at lunchtime, and this place was packed with a line out the door.

Fortunately I had checked out the reviews before the madness, and decided to try to a combo green salad and BLAT (?) sandwich.  The bacon and avo was amazing on the honey wheat bread, and the hearty green salad was more than enough of a meal on its own.  And yes, the poppyseed dressing is to die for.

Hands down the best place when you want to get down and dirty with some greens.
Comfort food to be shared.

Grew up eating here.  Ate here recenlty and just as good as I remember!

Before we were married, husband and I would have economy dates at Intermezzo & then go tot he Underground.  We would share a salad and a fresh lemonade, get an extra end of the incredible bread and that would be plenty of food for the two of us!

I prefer the regular salad as the big one is too big for me and comes with beans which I don't like in my salad, but he prefers the chef's salad with all the veggies.  We've also had good soup and sandwhiches here.

The place is crowded and I would minus a star for that if that wsn't so much of my memory of the place.  There's sport in scoping out for your table while you're in line and vying for position so you can race to your spot before someone walks in the door and sits down to wait for a friend to order their food.

Their food is also good for take-out, but make sure to get the dressing on the side and to get 2 containers of it.  I always get the dressing on the side anyway, that way I can take the rest home.
It's a salad bar.  A nationwide franchise chain salad bar.  What's to review?

Well, this Pasadena location is the only Souplantation we will dine at anymore.  We have a five year old son, and this is his favorite place.  Why?  Well, let me write the review from his point of view.

The food is fresh, tasty and appeals to us kids.  They have divided cafeteria trays so my foods don't touch.  They have finger foods like grape tomatoes, pizza, and raisins.  I like the chicken noodle soup, and they have yummy macaroni and cheese.  Plus they have all you can eat ice cream!!  Mom and Dad can find stuff they like too.  Mom especially likes that the food is good for me.

The people are friendly.  We are on a first name basis with several of the staff, and are recognized as regulars.  They always have time to come chat with me, and sometimes their kids come to eat there, too.  I just wish the other diners were more friendly, and Dad says people who are rude and pushy should stay away from buffets.

We can eat here every week.  Mom and Dad use coupons all the time, and Dad says he can feed everybody $20.
I always take friends from out of town here because it does a good job of illustrating Berkeley to newcomers: large portions of unbelievably cheap & healthy food served by flaky flaky people.
I've been coming to Souplantation for years .... many years.  And my theory is that you either LOVE this place or don't.  Me = Love. 

I love making my own salad.  I love choosing from 8 soups and having some guilty pleasures w/the freshly baked bread.  

I always end the same way here ... warm brownie right out of the oven with 2 swirls of vanilla nonfat yogurt.  Perfect.
I've eaten here several times, and I do like their menu as a change of pace.  It is however a bit pricey (in my opinion), and is still fast food.....just a gussied up version of it.  This particular location has very little parking.  Not sure how the City of Ithaca let's some businesses utilize a postage stamp sized lot, while other projects are shot down because they don't have sufficient parking?  Well, that's another argument for another day, but the lack of parking sometimes means going elsewhere for lunch, after driving though the parking lot, only to find no available spots.  Bottom line, it's a decent place to eat, but sometimes not worth the hassle.
Great sandwiches, but I have a few comments:

I'm not a huge fan of the pineapple they put on the sandwiches. They are usually not very ripe, it get my fingers stick, and it gets stuck in my teeth, but for some reason I can never resist eating it

The meat and cheese aren't evenly distributed in the sandwich, I know I'm being picky, but I always have to rearrange it.

They put too much mustard, so unless you like globs of mustard, I'd suggest passing.
Finals always means unhealthy eating habits for me, so I went to SF Soup Co. to make myself better for all the snacks I'd been munching on. Plus, fresh salad mix + great topping selection are perfect for those warm, sunny days in Berkeley! Soups are decent and change daily, but on the pricey side ($5 for 12 oz!).

Yes, they are known for their soups, but my favorite thing about SF Soup Co. is their salads! If you buy a soup, you get $2 off a custom salad or wrap, which is what enticed me to try one of their salads in the first place! I always order the Grilled Chicken Chipotle Salad, which comes with mixed greens, grilled chicken strips, roasted corn, black beans, cheddar cheese, blue tortilla chips, tomato, avocado, and jicama. There's so many ingredients and they don't skimp on how much they give you either (so it doesn't just seem like you're only eating lettuce)! If you don't like one of the toppings, you can substitute for something else - they have so many toppings you're bound to find something you like - carrots, edamame, artichoke, roasted red pepper, shredded cabbage, beets, ham, turkey, kidney beans, garbanzo beans, etc.
Cafe Intermezzo please reopen!

The very best cheap salads, sandwiches and the homemade bread. $5 worth of food feeds two people.
After a long spell of unhealthy food intake, I would visit this Pasadena "very little or no meat" CLEANSING SPA and gnaw on leaves of greens that would envy caterpillars and other creepy crawlies. This dietary sinner need a veggie fix for balance and all the supply of fibers and roughage. 

I love their freshly tossed Wonton Chicken Happiness and Joan Broccoli Madness salads. Fresh, sweet and savoury. Well mixed too.  I also enjoyed  masticating on their endless supply of raw cut vegetables. Their hot soups selections are fantastic but I would only go for the Big Chunk Chicken Noodle soup which alone is definitely worth the cost of the meal. This plain hot broth (go without chicken or noodles) is heartwarming. 

I do not care much about their bland pastas or their bakery selection or their desserts. No coffee or any other sweet beverages.Thanks! 
Enough carbo intake for me. My spare Michelin tire is already embarassing.  I would not want grandma arms too.

To complete my treatment, I would go for several helpings of their Vanilla Soft Serve yogurt with chopped nuts and chocolate sauce. Sweet!

Several hours later, I would be cleansed of my sins.
The word buffet brings to mind horrific images of stale food, possible food poisoning, dirty dishes, and creepy people. Soup plantation however, has changed my mind about buffets. First of all it's very clean and the staff is quick to take care of tables that people left messy. The next great thing about it is that the food isn't gross. You can actually see them making the salads so it's usually pretty safe and fresh. 

I think it's a great place for lunch because there's a little bit of this and that. I personally really like the salad bar and I am a fan of the tomato soup. Also, like every other buffet, they have ice cream! Yay! The only difference is that this one actually works and doesn't drip mystery juice into my plate.
My husband was craving their salads so we finally made a trip there.  I have heard him rave about this place of his college days for a long time and was curious to see what the hype was all about.  I ordered the small house salad for $4.50.  This salad was huge!  The size of normal salads elsewhere and the veggies tasted fresh.  My hubby ordered the larger size salad; it was a trough of veggies, beans, crouton, and egg.  He was smiling as he ate his salad.  I will definitely be back to try their sandwiches!!
Today I had lunch at the local Souplantation for the first time in many years. Now I know why I have stayed away - worst soup on the planet bar none. Better stuff in a nursing home. Honestly Campbells in the can is luxury compared to this bland, tasteless stuff. I tried 3 different ones and each was worse than the previous. The last one was the chicken noodle with see through water broth and uncooked noodles. I couldn't finish it, so bad. The pizza is equally bad. Maybe other things on the menu are better as per the reviews here but fer' cryin' out loud, it's their name!
Let's face it, if you go into Souplantation expecting to get a steak, you're kind of not doing your homework.  Souplantation is really a place where you can make a salad, get soup (from a variety of soups), have some bread and dessert, and call it your lunch or your dinner.  You ain't coming here to get a steak.  You're not coming here to get roasted chicken.  Soup, salad, bread.  There you go.

Now, knowing that (because you've done your homework), then you'll accept Souplantation for what it is. Now, compared to other Souplantation locations, this one is a bit lacking because it seems smaller and older than most, and the parking situation leaves much to be desired (you've got either metered street parking or underground structure parking, both cost something during the week).  But, if you count the positives -- convenient location to downtown Pasadena, fast service, clean (most of the time), and that there are always coupons online to save you at least a few dollars on your already cheap meal -- well, there you go.

I pay about $7 for a meal when I come here, and I think I get more than what I pay for.  I don't want a steak, I come here.  I don't want half a roasted chicken, I come here.  I don't need full-on, fine dining, I'll come here.  I need something fast, and sometimes I just really want a bowl of soup and a huge, huge salad, I'll come here.  But, do your research before you do, because you may be disappointed if you don't.
"This is where Stanley's used to be." - Says my inner Rhode Islander.

I was told that this place used to be a lot of places but I'm not too sure. All that really matters is that what's there now is a hit. 

There have been so many times where I wish there was and All-You-Can-Eat soup bar (ok let's be honest, I think there needs to be more All-You-Can-Eat places in Rhode Island.)

Ryan D. and I went here to test the waters with a half dozen order of clam cakes and chourico. AMAZING. They were crispy on the outside and tasty on the inside. You can really taste the different flavors. 

With the clam cake approval, we decided to come back for lunch for the all-you-can-eat soup bar. The best thing about this is that it only costs $7 and the soups are all very good. I ate about five cups total of soup and my favorite one has got to be the Southwestern Corn Chowder. It was creamy, spicy and you can even taste the fresh fire-roasted corn. This was probably one of the best soups I've had. I also tried their kale and chourico and chili. Both were admirable and fresh but nothing really could compare to the corn chowder.

The service here is really fantastic and even though the place was empty at times, everyone kept busy by constantly cleaning, adjusting and making OUR experience awesome. 

I hope people realize how great this place is. It's a nice addition to eatery options in Downcity.
Great fresh soups and the selection changes daily.  They have gazpacho (chilled fruit/veggie soups) in the warmer months.  I am partial to the Italian wedding soup (with mini meatballs!).  Very small but cute place for a quick meal, or you can take it to go.  Although if you dine in, you can get your soup in a bread bowl (always fun). Since it's run by a husband & wife couple with small child(ren), they sometimes have odd hours or take off on vacation.  I only take off one star because I think it's a bit pricey for soup, although it is homemade...  Oh, but this is the ONLY decent place to get bubble tea in Amherst, so that's one more reason why I like it.
Huge portions here!  I tried the grilled eggplant but didn't like how it was cold, and the focaccia wasn't toasted either.  I wasn't impressed with the lack of flavor either.
I had a one hour lunch break today. Not fully satisfied with the eating options at Haas (FIFO) I decided to venture out into the streets of Berkeley.

When I got there the line was out the door. The line goes by pretty fast though, they have a good setup. You order your salad first and they fix it up pretty quickly so by the time you get to the cash register you already have your food.

I got the veggie delight with poppy seed dressing. It had beans, avocado, sprouts, croutons, tomatoes and egg. The salad was crisp and refreshing. It also had lots of ingredients. All their salads come with a slice of pineapple and honey wheat bread. You can get Lunch here for under $5. Their most basic salad is around $4.50 and can easily feed two people.

The place is also really cute and would be a  good place to eat at on a sunny day. If I wasn't pressed for time I would have eaten there because I think the portions are bigger if you eat there instead of to-go (their bowls are huge)!
I used to eat the salads here, with the poppyseed dressing.  But my friend who worked here relished telling everyone about the rats and other nastiness that plagued this place.  I'm sure this isn't the only restaurant on Telegraph with a rat problem, but knowing what I know, I started getting my big salads down the street at Smart Alec's...until I hear about health hazards there.
Fresh, amazingly flavorful, and fast. Can't be beat.
This clam shack has been open less than a week. I have not been to their other outposts in Warren and other places.

The restaurant in Providence is awesome. They have only been open for a few days (3-4 at the time we went). Even though, we were supremely happy with the speed and attentiveness of the the staff. It was clear that the staff was still working out opening week jitters but if this is the worst of it then the restaurant is in for excellent reviews.

On top of the developing service the food was great. The seafood was fresh. The side dishes were great and the chowder was spot on.

I highly recommend the place.
I love their BLTA sandwich here! It is pretty huge and savory! The only downside is that they only take cash and so I always have to remember to carry some on me before coming here or else I have to walk a couple blocks to the ATM.
This is a fabulous little gem.  The soups are prepared lovingly by Jules, a CIA trained chef, and change on a daily basis.  There are layers and layers of flavors in these soups, prepared with wonderful, fresh ingredients.  Yes, there are some that are merely good, but there are some that have left me stunned with appreciation, craving another serving.

Le Dog is not fancy (it's the epitome of a "hole in the wall").  Grab a bowl of soup, a piece of bread, a lemonade, and enjoy.
I am devastated! I loved this place (what was not to love?)!!!
A moment of silence for the best salad and sandwich place in town. I truly hope they relocate. It's a Berkeley institution. Huge salads, delicious honey wheat bread, great windows for people watching, the list goes on. My taste buds are mourning. Please come back!!! We need you!
Bland.  Flavorless.  Inedible.

Took three bites of the chicken tortilla soup - no flavor at all.  Hubby had the flavorless mac and cheese.

Gross.
I have a huge appetite and have a tendency to demolish all my food, but the Chef's Salad here puts up a valiant fight -- as long as you get it "for here." They are very flexible with your order; I always ask for half chicken salad and half bacon (and they still put in around six strips!). If quantity is a concern, I would recommend ordering the Chef's Salads for eat-in and the Tossed Greens that come with the Half-half Combo to go. 

The sandwiches here are also delicious. My personal favorite is the BLTA, which comes with a whole avocado and something like twelve strips of bacon and is loaded with all the delicious fats you can dream of.

At around $8 a pop, this place is certainly not the cheapest option around but definitely the best bang for your buck.
This is a very chic little salad place in what will be become quite a popular block in Midtown once cionstruction is finished on the road, surrounding buildings, and new businesses.  Dressed is so stylish that they could take away the food and sell $300 designer jeans instead.  This concept fits in nicely to the modern and "new" Midtown.  To me a salad is a side item or an appetizer but I'm silly like that, I actually was pretty full after eating here.
Le Dog is amazing. For the price, it's my favorite lunch in Ann Arbor. Every ingredient is high quality, and like everyone says, the soups are fantastic. It's a must-have if you live in AA.
It's not closed! But, I do think it is owned by someone else. The name Intermezzo is no longer on the building, however the food is the same and more important the poppy seed dressing is still the best. Does anyone have the poppy seed dressing recipe? Maybe you know someone who worked there? I want it. It is hard to drive all the way to Berkeley for the Salad!
Well, had I known that there is an investigation going on for possible bacteria, I probably would not have gone. It is located right in front of my work building but have not tried all this time. I tried for the first time today. Well, the first plate that I picked was not clean and had yellow food residue...eeek. One of my colleagues told me something similar in the past and he told me he would never go back. I thought it can always happen in any restaurants but why is this happening as soon as I picked the first plate??? The food was OK and vegetables appeared to be fresh but I didn't eat any spinach or green leafs because of the caution to bacteria. Oh well, I guess I won't be going back to this place ever again.
Best. Salads. Ever. For like $5 I get a salad that fills me up for hours (which I thought was impossible for a salad). I get the tossed green with sliced turkey on top and herbal vinaigrette...oh man. Just even typing this is making my stomach rumble. Their sandwiches are freaking enormous...seriously. But the salads are where it's at. 

Super fresh ingredients, cute decor... and kinda bitchy employees but I don't even care. Thank you Intermezzo, for giving me a slight chance of being healthy.
So before I get to the food, I have to say that I was a bit confused about this cafe's little identity crisis.  Though I had eaten at "Cafe Mattina," I didn't realize it was the same place when I had "Cafe Intermezzo" bookmarked (I'd seen them on Yelp at different times, both with good reviews).  For any of you confused out there: YES, they are the same place.

Now, the food.  Caution: You may not be able to breathe after eating here.  The portions are HUGE.  I got a combination half sandwich with half tossed greens salad.  I was torn between roast beef and pastrami, but luckily, they allowed me to have both on the same sandwich!  The "half" sandwich was as big as many full sandwiches I've had and tasted pretty good!   The half salad was quite big too, and as much as I hate wasting food, I definitely could not finish it all after that full sandwich.

Some downsides: 1. One thing I didn't like about both the sandwich and salad was that they both had waaaay too many sprouts.  Maybe there are some super sprout lovers out there, but I can only take so many.  2. The salad could have used more dressing.  I asked for it mixed in, but I should've asked for it on the side so I could have more (otherwise, they charge you for more dressing!!).  3. When I specifically ask to have something taken off, I hate when they don't listen.. I asked for no tomatoes, and unfortunately, tomatoes were sprinkled over everything.

To drink, I ordered the strawberry lemonade, which was absolutely delicious, and they give you free refills!!  Actually, this was my favorite part of the meal (not in a bad way, it was just THAT good).

Overall,  Intermezzo is a well-priced and good place for lunch if you want big portions of cold sandwiches and/or salads.  As a hot sandwich girl myself, maybe I'll bring in something to eat and just come for multiple refills of strawberry lemonade heheh, mmmm.
An amazing place with the hugest salads I've seen.  One of the best places for a college student because of its spacious interior and homey food.  The salad I ordered was gigantic and came with half a bread loaf and a huge slice of pineapple.  The whole thing was wrapped in plastic wrap and I ate it for three meals.  Well worth it!
Looking at the menu I thought this was a restaurant for rabbits.

The first time I ate here I ordered a meat salad, which I don't recommend because they toss lunch meat on your salad and it's $2 more. I was expecting whole meats for such a steep surcharge.

Anyways, the second time I came here was on a date. Basically, we tried to go to a pizza buffet but it hadn't opened yet, so my date suggested this salad restaurant. It was really embarrassing for me as a guy, cause I couldn't finish my salad and had to pack it in a to-go box. I lost my sense of dignity and self respect for a while after this. I don't think I ever saw that girl again.

Cash only.
This place is great! It's like a nicer, cleaner version of your typical fried clam shack, but with amazing restaurant quality soups. You can do the all-you-can-eat soup bar for $5 or order all your fried seafood favorites. All of the soups can be purchased, in bulk, to take home too.
So sorry to hear about the fire. This was one of my favorite places to eat in Berkeley. The salads were amazing and the sandwiches were always on this really delicious home made bread. And it was just a fun place to be--part of the reason I wish I lived in Berkeley.

I don't know what the owner is planning...but please rebuild and open again
Its funny how there are guys out there that think there needs to be meat in their dinner for it to be a "meal" or they start to feel like rabbits. I'm pretty sure thats how you get gout. 

Anyways, I've only been here a handful of times but it's rare to find a restaurant that gives you so much value for your buck. They are known for their salads ($7) which are huge so if you can split one it's like you're paying 3.50 for a meal. Their sandwiches are alright but what is really cool is their free refills on the agua frescas (rare).
The organic southwestern corn chowder keeps me coming back despite the high prices (at $5 for a small bowl of soup and chunk of bread.) Thick soup with delicious chunks of potato, lots of corn, chock full of flavor... yum!

On the other hand, sandwiches are mediocre... wasn't really a fan of the other soups I tried either (clam chowder, chili).
Intermezzo is the standard by which all salads and sandwiches should be judged. Fresh ingredients, delicious dressings (poppy seed rocks!), enormous portions. You can eat here every day without breaking the bank or getting tired of the food.

I don't see why it only has four stars on Yelp. If I could give one place more stars, it would be this one.
Just finished my awesome, warm clam chowder soup. It was very yummy. The free piece of bread is also a nice touch.
Amazing Veggie Chop Salad....HUGE perfect bits of everything, I got it one day and left my Berkeley seminar early to get my fix the next day....Ill be dreaming of intermezzo......
This place is SO delicious and healthy. There's definitely a reason why the line is always long and outside the door. The foods are very light, inexpensive and health-conscious. I LOVE their THAI CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP. It has the right array of spices and I always get this soup every time. Their sandwiches are pretty yummy too. The only downside to this restaurant is that it's CASH ONLY. 

Watermelon juice is awesome too!
Great spot to get an awesome salad and a slab of home made bread.
I gotta say - this place used to be better.  Didn't it?  Anyone with me?  I missed their salads like crazy when I was living out of town, and now that I'm back I find them a little flat and bland.  Service also slower... but I am still a fan of this classic sandwich and salad spot.  Where else can you eat salad for half an hour and still not finish the bowl?  Their honey whole wheat bread is bomb, the poppyseed dressing is just right and they're generous with the beans.  Good sandwiches too!
How could I have lived in Berkeley for 25 years - worked on the campus for 10, no less - and never eaten at  Intermezzo?    I guess I was too satisfied with La Fiesta next door, plus the concern that a restaurant on Telegraph might not be sanitary ... at any rate, I had a terrific Chef Salad there, which was so big I had to take some home.     The woman who took my order was slightly rude, and I was put off by the loud Devo music, but the salad was great.
4/19/08 update:    I've been here twice and both times a really rude asshole prepared my food.      They can get away with it because the food is so great, there's lots of it, and the price is very reasonable.     I had a "BLTA" today - yummy, and saved the salad for tomorrow.     I am updating my rating to 5 stars based on value for the buck.
A minor complaint:  they only accept cash.    Why?
Their salads are good and nice sized...they have more low fat dressing variety than Smart Alec's...sometimes I want more then Low Fat Honey Mustard....and they take credit cards which is such a find in this part of town where it seems like most restaurant pretend that their credit card machine is broken or they do not have one at all....
I'll keep it short and sweet: I can think of few things more comforting and tasty during the winter than Le Dog's lobster bisque (Thurs & Fri) or cheesy chicken tortilla soups. Yum.
Cafe Intermezzo serves an excellent breakfast burrito -- cheap (starting at $4 for the basics), clean ingredients, and served really sloppy-like.  An excellent start to the day.

They don't take credit cards, unfortunately, and it took a while to get the burritos out of the kitchen even though there were few people there.
The summer slow down in Berkeley really attenuates lunch hour rush at most places.  The line at SF Soup Co, though, remains as strong and steadfast as Uzbekistani yak.  Is it just that the place is new, or are they on to something?  

I'm leaning towards the latter.  My spinach salad was massive enough to support both my lunch and dinner campaigns.  It had these great caramelized walnuts; it was like finding the toy in a cereal box each time I encountered one amongst the leafy greenery --- but don't be too overzealous about seeking them out, lest you have none at the end of the meal.  So if you're trying to teach a child the virtue of patience, this salad may do the trick.

While the beef barley soup didn't have the punctuated satisfaction of the salad, it's certainly the recommended choice on days when the cold fog is rolling in.

The glaring issue with SF Soup co.  is the lack of seating.  I think there's only four chairs in the whole place -- which unfortunately means that all the food has to be packaged -- not lending to the greenest of practices....
The best food in berkeley and definitely the hippest staff.

The best compliment i could ever imagine is someone saying, 'do you work at intermezzo?'
What is important to me is that at the end of my meal I am satisfied. Cafe intermezzo exceeds this basic expectation. For under ten bucks you get more food than you can finish in one sitting. Most cheap eats are pretty unhealthy however cafe intermezzo provides quantity and quality.  I style myself as a gourmand not a gourmet, and if you have an appetite like mine this place hits the spot.  Cafe intermezzo always passes the crowd test, so it's obvious they're doing something right.
simple goodness here, nothing too fancy or special. they make their own bread, and it's quite good. the salads are HUGE, you can probably fit your whole head in the salad bowl. they also have soups and they rotate them but the soup is only ok. definitely stop in for the sandwich and salad combo. coffee isn't so bad either. as a local independent lunch stop that can be somewhat healthy, this is about as good as they come
Intermezzo's is a must for lunch. Large salads and large sandwiches usually leave plenty of leftovers and make eating here worth every penny. Get the BLT and watch them grab a gy-normous bowl of bacon. It may be a heart attack waiting to happen but it looks freaking delicious. Be prepared to fight for a table or take your things to go, it's always busy, the tables are almost always full, and there's generally a pretty decent sized line. Again, one star off because like a lot of places around campus, it's cash only.
Want to test positive for heroine? 

Come to cafe intermezzo and try their delicious salad with poppy seed dressing.
 I also ordered the turkey sandwich on honey wheat and just ended up eating the bread. It was so dry ... and the turkey was that slimy over processed turkey meat you can find at the grocery store.  

All in all, $7 bucks for a half sandwich and HUGE salad is pretty good. I dont think i'll be back though.
not bad especially with the 2 for 1 coupon - under $15
i usually print out an extra coupon and leave it on a tray for an unsuspecting customer 

have you tried the breakfast buffet on sundays?  not too bad either if you need a quick fix
Rest in peace, Intermezzo. We hardly knew ye.
I don't like salads or order them. That being said damn is this place awesome. If you need to feed a small family or a horse just swing by and grab one, it's worth the wait. They are HUGE. Always cute girls in line.
My coworkers and I were craving soup one day and decided to trek up to the other side of campus to go to SF Soup Co.  Who can resist a place that offers 10-15 different soups DAILY???

I decided to try a regular clam chowder ($5.30) with a wheat roll.  The portions are really decent for the price.  The clam chowder was pretty thick and creamy - the downer for me was that occasionally I'd bite into a not-so-tasty clam that left this gross aftertaste in my mouth.  Won't be ordering that one again.  I hear the Mexican Chicken Tortilla soup is good...

There are negative two tables inside so don't expect to be eating in.  

I also am not a big fan of pre-made sandwiches.  Yes, they're good for convenience and people who really need to eat on the go - but I like to see my sandwich made fresh.

Prices are reasonable, especially for students.  My sister told me that there's usually someone out on the sidewalk handing out coupons but I didn't see anyone that day, rats!

Will I be back?  Probably to try a different soup (with no seafood in it).
Well, I guess most people know this to be "the salad place in Berkeley", to me, it's a coffee shop. I lived in the east bay for 14 years, 8 of those in Berkeley. I worked on campus for 6 1/2 years before discovering the true charm of Intermezzo. After years of mediocre salads, it was the "made to order" coffee that won me over. My morning ritual began with a generous selection of coffee choices (did I say "made to order" ?) and pleasant morning chit chat with the staff. It was truly the highlight of my mornings. 

As for the salads, , , , they're huge, they have plenty of topping options and offer great dressings, but I have always found the quality to leave some to be desired. It's cheap though so you're certainly getting your money's worth. 

3 *'s for food, 4 *'s for the coffee! 3.5 *'s

btw - the bread is excellent!
i love me my veggies.

enough said.
Big-Ass salads that are out of this world!!!!
Let's get this out of the way: The salads at Dressed are moderately expensive.  My favorite salad, the Five Star, clocks in at about ten dollars after tax, so this is not exactly frugal eating.  

The salads come in a container, however, sized somewhere between a softball and a volleyball.  The thing is big enough, therefore, to serve as two salads--split between two people or two mealtimes is entirely up to you.  The ingredients are generally fresh, and the pre-created salad options are always flavorful.  As I mentioned, amongst the various greens, my favorite Five Star contains steak, cherries, asparagus, and goat cheese, and has a nice balance of sweet and savory.
This place is the bomb! I get the Veggie Delight salad and if I don't bring 2 other friends, I don't finish it....and I'm pregnant!

Generous portions: check.

Sweet employees: check.

Delicious and healthy food: check.

Amazing prices: check. double check!!

I heart Intermezzo. Been coming here for 4 years but only knew the name last month....heehee.
You can't go by yourself--you need to have at least one friend with you to scope out the table situation and hover over lollygaggers who aren't leaving the instant they finish their meal. You order for both, they hover and wait for a table, it all works out in the end. The veggie delight salad with the pink poppy seed dressing is where it's at! Talk about most ginormous salad you will ever encounter! Packed with sliced hard-boiled eggs, tomato slices, alfalfa sprouts, kidney beans, garbanzo beans and generous heaps of sliced avocado, you won't be hungry for the rest of the day!  Try to come here starving if you can, otherwise, you will only take about three bites of your salad, before you fall into a deep salad-induced food coma. 

Back in the day, when we were in college--wow, I feel so old saying that--this was our favorite place. We'd sit on the bench/counter facing the window and watch life go by and the zoo that was Telegraph Street. We would laugh when people would rap on the window and harass us or try and hit on us. 

My friends like the sandwiches and do the salad/sandwich combo. I, personally, only have eyes for the salad and their strawberry lemonade.
what I love most about cafe intermezzo is the bread, the honey nutty wonder that soaks up the deliciousness (is that a word) of the marinated tofu..

I love their salad, their quick and easy preparation, fresh ingredients and the bohemian feel.  I miss you... wish I was close.. Chicago can't contend with Intermezzo...
After 3 hours of hiking (aka getting lost) in Tilden Park, Mr Yelp and I decided to keep up our healthy routine and get some healthy grub.  After what seemed like hours to find parking (there was a Cal game that weekend its our own damn fault) we stumbled upon this place.  Well not really stumbled he went to Cal and its one of his favorite spots...but I digress.
Mr Yelp:  Let's split a salad
ME: Are you sure that's enough

enter Mr. Yelp with enormous salad that should be showcased on a lazy Susan at a dimsum restaurant.

ME: You win again Mr. Yelp.  My stomach is full and my wallet is too!
I'm going against doctor's order here but we ran out of places to eat and wanted to have something "light" for dinner. Oxymoron right? having a "light" dinner at a buffet place??

I wanted soup and salad and couldn't decide on a entree salad at any other restaurants we frequent. Choices are good. We like options so we stuck with it. After checking my second favorite site (see my profile) and not finding them listed- what the hell take a chance! Live dangerously (in my case extreme)!- we dined.

Two days later I'm still alive (knock on wood) and not shitting bloody stools (shigella outbreak last year). I'm sure when the cravings hit you'll find me piling on the greens, laddling the soups, and putting vanilla ice cream over my chocolate muffin at souplantation.
Intermezzo is definitely one of Berkeley's treasures. I have loved everything I have ever tried from this cute little cafe! Their salads and sandwiches are huge and oh so tasty. Not only is the food extremely tasty AND healthy, but the low prices make your meal even more satisfying! You get a lot of bang for your buck, that's for sure. 

What I love about Intermezzo (What you should try):
Their fresh, soft, and hearty honey whole wheat bread
Their creamy, sweet poppyseed dressing
Their fresh chicken salad sandwich--AMAZING!!!
Best Soup in Michigan.  This may be a bit of an exaggeration but Le Dog has some of the best soups I've ever eaten.  I've never order hot dogs here and I don't care to, you come here for the soup.  And honestly I've never had a bad soup and I used to eat here once a week when I lived in Ann Arbor.  

The only bad thing about the place is their VERY limited hours.  Le Dog is only open 11:30PM-2:30PM, Monday-Friday (the main street location is open saturday same hours).  I could make a dinner out of their soup, but alas there were many times when I've had class or a prior engagement that prevented me from enjoy this culinary sensation.   That and there's no where to sit and eat in the winter when its snowing... 

I've even heard that the owner is gourmet chef that's worked in some pretty fancy restaurants. 

My favorite soup is the Peanut Udon, its thick, red, and delicious.  I also love the Chicken Tortilla, full of chicken, cheese, green and red pepppers and topped with crunchy tortilla strips, it's great!  I am not a fan of chorizo or sausage but I've even chowed down on their soups with sausage.   

The chef pairs each soup with a piece of bread or pretzel bread from Zingerman's, another quintessential Ann Arbor landmark known for its great taste and superior quality, to make your soup the pefect lunch.  

Go to Le Dog!  Try their soup and prepare to be stunned by culinary perfection!
Souplantation, the only place where I can serve myself and play with my food. I love how they have food set out much like a buffet and I can have however much of whatever I want. I must admit my favorites are the house Caesar salad, Asian chicken salad, and chicken noodle soup. It's always nice that they have new dishes every so often. I don't always end up liking it but at least I can say I've tried it. Generally I think I come here too often because the staff here is very excited and welcoming when they see me around. Soups and salads for lunch and dinner, but if you come on a Sunday between 11am and 12pm you can have both soups and salads and waffles and eggs :) My friend and I would plan it perfectly on a Sunday so she could have waffles and soups!
great salads and sandwiches for such a great price!!  HUGE portions.  never once did they disappoint me.  soups good too.

mMMMMmm the bread.

since their portions are huge, i normally do 1/2 sandwich with 1/2 salad or soup.  believe me, that's good enough.  their one full order of salad OR sandwich will be content for 2 people.
I used to get salads here so often, my blood-type was poppyseed dressing.
I love this place. Yeah, the line sucks, but the food is worth it and the prices are great.  The best thing to do is have one person stand in line to get the food while another person (or persons) hover as inconspicuously as possible near diners that appear to be finishing up so they can grab up their spot before someone else does.  Otherwise, you can stand around forever with your food and have no place to sit and eat it.
I suppose your expectations can only be so high when you go to an all-you-can-eat buffet-style chain/franchise restaurant.  basically, when i go to a place like this where the goal is value and volume, rather than a memorable dining experience, i basically just ask for a few things:

cleanliness
freshness
variety of options
decent flavor

now, above that... so long as i leave the place without getting the runs, i'm pretty happy.

so... given the criteria above, this Souplantation outpost did a servicable job.  the wife and i met another couple with our infant sons for sunday brunch with a 2 for 1 coupon in tow.  the place was clean and the food looked and tasted pretty fresh.  

the location was casual and baby-friendly.  overall the food was just average to pretty good, with only the waffles presenting a major disappointment (they tasted like the batter had freezer burn).

all-in-all this place is a servicable option if you are in the mood for a decent all-you-can-eat option for a sunday brunch (i mean, how bad can a place be if you filled a plate and a half and still went back for more, right?).  my only caviat is that i would definitely go again with another 2 for 1 offer, but not sure if i would see this place as that much of a "value" if we paid full price.

with coupon: 2.5 stars
without coupon: 2 stars
TIP #1: Try the breakfast burrito, even if you're not into soups, salads, and sandwiches. This is a whole 'nother breed of deliciousness! It comes piping hot and wrapped in foil. Served from 8am to 11am. 

Yes, this is my second update on Cafe Intermezzo. I frequent this cafe a lot, yet it was only this morning that I tried their breakfast burrito. 

Let me tell you--I was skeptical. How good can a breakfast burrito really be? Can't I just eat my normal bowl of oatmeal and call it a morning?

In short--no. If you all you've had at Intermezzo are the HUGE salads, hearty sandwiches, and tasty soups, then you must--absolutely MUST--give their breakfast burrito a chance! Take a break from your normal bagel/oats/cereal/toast/bacon and come here one day--because there's bacon in these burritos, if you so choose. 

You get a slip of paper and mark off as little or as much as you want, it's all $4.50. Choose from eggs, potatoes, beans (black or pinto), cheese, mushrooms, salsa, spinach, bell peppers, broccoli, sausage, shredded carrots, bacon.. oh I'm sure I'm forgetting something. Then you pay and wait for your name to be called. Then you dig in!

This burrito was perfect. There are some issues with the common burrito that Cafe Intermezzo's breakfast burrito doesn't have. 1) At Chipotle, the fillings are wayyyy too heavy/watery so they are starting to burst out of the tortilla. The burrito I had was well-constructed, the tortilla was a good thickness to prevent breakage, and there was just enough filling inside. 2) Salsas tend to be too cold, making half the burrito cold and making the other half start to turn lukewarm. The breakfast burrito came steaming hot--very satisfying and hard to get out of the foil! 3) Sometimes, the fillings start to mush together, and you can't tell exactly what you're eating anymore. Not so with this burrito--you can tell exactly what you're eating because the filling is chunkier. 4) The cheese in most burritos usually gets lost in the mix, but every bite of this burrito had some gooey melted cheese that you can actually taste. 

Okay. I might have ruined your experience by describing ALMOST everything about the breakfast burrito. But you must experience it for yourself!

(Also--they have another breakfast menu that said $3.25 for two pancakes, $4.75 for two pancakes and eggs. Must try some other day!)
Great white chowder and clam cakes.  Have not tried the red, but I will next time.

Good service at the counter.  Lunch special is a great deal, DO IT!
too healthy for me :(

i am not a major veggie eater.. that is why...

but their salad sizes are ginormous and basically has everything that you could ask for in a salad..

their sandwiches very healthy and good bread.  you will find lines outside of their place during lunchtimes/dinner though.. so beware of the craze of people trying to eat healthy in berkeley!

this place screams out HEALTHY HEALTHY to mee! and for freshmen, let's go loseee that freshmen 15!!
The concept of this place is a lot more exciting than it actually is. We went near the end of the night (around 8:30 pm) so maybe that was the problem, but nothing looked that appetizing. While the large variety of soups was somewhat exciting to sample in the little soup cups (of course we had to try every single one), in the end none of them were spectacular, and so we left feeling too full and not too satisfied. Very underwhelming experience--not worth it when there are so many better places in Pasadena to go (for cheap, such as Chipotle just down the street!)
I was told by a friend that this place was great for salads.  Unfortunately, my experience was not positive.  

The  vegetarian chili was not good.  It was very bland and didn't have the "chili" flavor, it was minestrone and luke warm.

I just got a regular salad with the vinaigrette dressing which was delicious and the portion was large.

Service:  Horrible
The lady who was preparing the salads didn't acknowledge my presence while I was looking at the menu.  She also allowed someone to come in and cut in front of me.  Thankfully, I still had no idea what I wanted to order.  She had no personality and  was there to do a job.  Absolutely, no love in preparing the salad. It such a sad sight.  I felt very rushed when she asked for my order.  Why is it so hard to find good customer service?

additional cons: ** no signs anywhere indicating "cash only"**  I had to go next door to use the atm.

The entire experience was awful and by the time I sat down to eat, I lost interest.  

I will not return based on customer service and so-so food.
I will miss this place.  Mostly I will miss the fun interactions with the staff as they took my order.  And after going there enough and getting to know the guys behind the counter it was like having a VIP pass in a club.  They always knew exactly what I wanted, and a few of them even created "off the menu" items at times.  One guy consistently made me a new coffee drink each time I got up to the counter and they were THE BOMB.  He had a great knack of toying with customers and calling them out on their shit if they weren't paying attention, which was entertaining since waiting in line behind slow people can become tedious.  He once made me his "super secret" sandwich, which I guess he wasn't technically allowed to make, but he may have just been having fun and being theatrical.  He called it "The Great Dane," and OMFG!  HUGE!  And one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, even better the next day when all the flavors mixed together.  I even had to write down the ingredients to see if I could replicate it, but without Intermezzo's hummus, I worry I never will.  It included: Hummus spread, avocado, cucumbers, roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, 4 cheeses, a slice of ham, one of turkey, a few pieces of salami, a hint of chicken salad, and a verrrrry light bit of blue cheese dressing, if you like that.  I suppose now that the place is gone I don't feel like a narc cause it was always exciting seeing him dramatically eye the place to make sure no one in charge was looking, even though he knew that everyone knew he was pushing the limit.  He'd have you stand at the back end of the counter and only give it to you after you paid.  It was also a fun order because you never knew how much you'd be charged for, considering the size, but also the minimal bits of each ingredient.  Typically I paid 8-9.50, depending on how crafty the cashier was.  I'll miss him and the stupid nicknames he called me each time.

And the staff in general, if you paid attention to their conversations (which I don't think they knew/cared you could easily hear) were absolutely hilarious.  Anywhere from deciding who was the most innocent coworker to loudly faux arguing with the kitchen staff in the morning to make "ONE MORE BURRITO PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND I PROMISE WE'RE DONE THEN" kind of stuff.  And the slightly older guy who was always laughing and throwing beans at everyone, he was hilarious.  Clearly had fun working there, and seemed to be there every time I went in.

Intermezzo, I will miss you and your delightfully irreverent ways.  I dearly hope there's a version 2.0 as soon as possible, you made Telegraph tolerable.

Love
Ask for noodles topped with tomato bisque and cheese(like pasta)! Chiselda who works there hooked it up. And its the same price!

I really like the chipotle chicken wrap, with extra sauce.

I cant give it a four star due to the price of the soup, which is in all fairness over priced.
4.5 stars.
food [5 stars]
cleanliness [-0.5 star]

This was the perfect go-to lunch when I was in healthy mode, and the perfect fatty breakfast when I was feeling pretty lazy. I'd run downstairs and walk about three stores down and voila!

MISC.TIPS:
1) If you come here to eat-in with a friend and decide to order the Chef Salad - SHARE. It's more than enough for the two of you. You'll also get a slice of wheat bread (sweet deliciousness) and pineapple.
2) Salad and Sandwich combo is better than the Salad and Soup combo. I've tried their Vegetarian Chili Chicken Udon soup; neither are that great.
3) I think I've tried all of their sandwiches except Tuna Salad and Egg Salad. I recommend the Chicken Salad, then BLTA, then Pastrami (not salty. YAYY!).
4) I'm not the biggest fan of tomatoes, but the baby tomatoes that they put in their salad is unusually fresh and delicious. I always get it. :D
5) Poppy-seed Dressing. It's super tasty. Make sure that you get dressing 'on-the-side' if you choose to get your meal to-go.
6) Strawberry Lemonade. Order a drink here. If not, bring your own water. I guarantee that the self-serve water cups are dirty.
7) Breakfast burrito is freaking BOMBBBB. Trust me. 
8) Cash only. But I understand. It's freaking cheap. They're running a business and don't want credit card transaction fees. OR maybe they're trying to evade taxes (They did change the name to Cafe Matinna at one point). 
9) Raleighs and Intermezzo are owned by the same people? There's a door that connects the two. Funny story: I saw my apt manager walking through that door munching on food. I had no idea he had connections here. 

In retrospect, I think I enjoyed the friendly vibe here almost as much as the cheap, yummy food. That's probably what kept me coming. Oh, and of course the close proximity.
I had the ultimate turkey sandwich made with a bread called soya. Which I had never heard of. So I asked almost everyone in the store if there was soy in "soya" bread. Everyone was really rude when answering and all assured me there was no soy in "soya" bread. When I got home and googled the bread I found out its made of soy hint the name "soya' bread. If I had an allergy to soy I would now be dead!! This is a big issue in the restaurant world. They could have really hurt someone.. The attitude when I ask was also a big issue. All the people working there had really bad attitudes. I will not be going back!
Man, give me some actual food!  So disappointed! Soup and Salad is great as an appetizer, but vegans and vegetarians eat real food too!!!  And some actual food like vegetarian lasagna, tofu stir fry (I couldn't believe it, but they charged almost 3 bucks to add tofu on your salad.  So ridiculous!  You don't charge extra for items at an all you can eat restaurant!!! SO RIDICULOUS.)  And some mash potatoes and gravy, some quiche, some hot veggies, cream spinach casserole.  Something hearty.  Not soup and salad!!!  So disappointed, I left so unsatisfied.  I WILL NOT BE RETURNING !!!!!  I think it may be fine for lunch, but not when you want and need a hearty meal.  RIDICULOUS
This place rocks.  The service, the food, the people watching!  Tops in all categories.  I find the seating to be a little dainty but i'm like 6'4" 200lbs so.....get the 1/2 sand, cup (which is really a bowl) of soup and a salad....you'll leave stuffed.  And the bread???  Its the best!!!!
if i lived within the vicinity of this cafe, i would be a regular fixture in their dining room.  the decor is soo cute, the food is good and not lacking in flavor or size, and they sell wine for  $5 a glass!  

I fell in love.  there's a tree in the middle of the dining room with a high ceiling and little lanterns hanging in the tree.  so whimsical and relaxing
Okay, okay, I've heard the horror stories about how they store their food downstairs and how dirty the counter area is but I DON'T CARE.   The food is tasty, healthy and cheap.  And although I'm a couple of decades past my college years, I still love a deal and still love to rub elbows with a bunch of smarty-pants debating the merits of existentialism and cramming for physics finals.

Oh and a tip?  Try the coffee, its one of the best cups you'll ever try, I promise.
My favorite sandwich place. I used to live on the same block as the cafe and would eat there a few times per week. Love the BLTA and chicken salad sandwiches. Their salads are also great and HUGE! Definitely a Berkeley institution.
This location is better than the one in Arcadia. I usually go for lunch and find the food pretty good and staff friendly.

Because I usually go for weekday lunches, those noisy out of control kids (always present at Souplantations on the weekends)are at home or at school ! (Cool !!!)
This little busy place will forever have a spot in my heart. I love ordering the half sandwich and salad with poppyseed dressing. Delicious! Plenty of food! It even comes with a slice of fruit and bread. Everything has just the right flavor. This is a super value.
I can't ask more for anything....
Amazing!

Even the most primal of carnivores will fall in love with chef salad.

I personally like to eat something off of the menu... ahaha
You cant ever go wrong.

If its your first time, try a half sandwich and half salad with poppysead dressing.
HUGE SALADS!!! Cheap and delicious. The eggplant a la mode sandwich is delicious too!
After all these years they still have the best sandwiches and salads.  Their bread is sooo good!  Definitely one of the places that I miss in Berkeley.
Grilled chicken chipotle salad = delish.

Do NOT let the person making your salad forget any of the ingredients. Happens far too often.
Dressed is one of my newest go-to spots (for lunch and dinner). From their pre-made options (seared tuna, asian, classic caesar, chef--all the classics you'd expect), to their custom options, I haven't had a bad meal here yet.

At my office, the chances of getting a real lunch break are slim to none. So, in my quest to find healthy, fulfilling lunches, a few of my coworkers steered me to Dressed. Delivery fees are doable at $1 per order. WAY better than Zifty's often-hefty fees.

The first time I ordered, I got the asian salad with added grilled chicken. It comes  with carrot, slivered almonds, mandarin oranges, snow peas, crispy chinese noodles, baby spinach and romaine with a light, sesame dressing (I'm a sucker for sesame). But you can add your choice of protein. 

All the salads I've had from here come chopped in bite-size pieces in huge plastic bowls. Just slather your dressing, top it, shake it to toss it, and lunch is served. Perfect. Healthy. Money for a quick lunch.

My second order a few days later was for dinner. Dressed Midtown stays open til 9, so it's also a great I-worked-late-and-I'm-too-damn-tired-to-cook-anything option. This time I ordered the Five Star--another salad packed with grilled steak, grilled asparagus, goat cheese, bacon, dried cherries, mesclun mix and baby spinach 
with a caramelized onion vinaigrette. SO solid. Crisp, fresh, tasty. This would cost $30 in almost any NY eatery. Here, it's $9.25. So, I'm not even going to start to complain about Dressed's prices. 

For me, the cherries kind of overpower the really good stuff going on in the Five Star, and I'd leave them out next time. But they're a pretty interesting addition. I think I'd add some walnuts or pinenuts instead. 


Bottom line: Dressed is fast, fresh, and healthy. If you're looking for more selection, you ain't going to find it anywhere else (sometimes Dressed's selection is a bit daunting). If you need a quick, healthy meal, and you're lucky enough to live within their delivery radius, Dressed is a great addition your go-to spots. It doesn't get much better.
Chef salad is HUGE!!! I always take to go.
The best place for a big-ass salad!  Special props to those who can finish a full salad in one sitting, they definitely have very healthy portions.  I like their dressings from the herbal vinaigrette to the poppy seed.

Sometimes I get a half chef salad with a half sandwich - like a BLT 

Or the big salad with their fresh homemade chicken salad or tuna salad. 

They always use fresh ingredients, their staff are quick but careful about putting the salads together. That honey wheat bread they make is very good, you can purchase it separately.. I've always wanted to bring some home.

Now and then I try to stop by Intermezzo when I feel like I've been slacking on my vegetable intake.
Tried their breakfast burrito today. $4.50 for such a yummy/filling breakfast. I love it love it love! :)

Something I learned, Cafe Intermezzo is CASH ONLY.
I really never thought I could crave tuna.  But I do now.  If I had to choose between the tuna and the bread, I would choose the tuna.  I've tried replicating it at home, but I don't think it's possible.
I normally wouldn't give a cafe 5 stars on the strength of a salad, but damn The Veggie Delight Salad was by far the hugest, freshest salad I've been served anywhere for $6 in . . . forever, I think. I can eat a lot, but there was no way I could finish this alone in one sitting. On top of that, the salad included a wide variety of greens, sprouts, beans, avocado, cherry tomatoes, etc ad infinitum. Had the vinaigrette dressing (recommended). The ingredients were all killer, no filler, which is kind of amazing for a salad of this size and price. I seriously doubt one could buy all the ingredients at the store and make their own matching salad for this price.  

All the dishes here appear to be served in huge portions.  The sandwiches looked roughly twice as big as similar offerings at other cafes in the category, and the salad & sandwich combo plates included what would pass as a full salad and full sandwich at other spots, instead of the usual 1/2 portions.  I usually avoid those combo plates because of the tiny 2 bite portions, but if you order the combo here you get pretty much a full, large salad and nearly a full-sized sandwich.  

Yeah you may need to shift a bit into your VegeHippie mode to fully appreciate this place, and if you don't know what I'm talking about, perhaps avoid. But if you yearn for a nostalgic retro fix from the California era of macrobiotics & sproutsforlife (the only evidence that its not 1967 = the many coffees they serve), go to this mecca, kneel down,  and taste the nectar of devotion.  Turn your mind off, and float downstream.
Customer service is lacking but the salads and sandwiches are great for the price.  Good selection of beers on tap.  Nice patio.
Pino, Pino, he's our man.

If he can't lunch it, no one can. 

With wraps so nice, they're already sliced. Feeling blue? Have a buffalo chicken wrap. Feeling like a vaquero? Try a Brazilian chicken wrap with raisins and curry mayo. Feeling primeval? Four different soups to pick from - chock full of flavor.

True, it may be a hole in the wall, but it doesn't leave a hole in your stomach. Or your heart. Pino knows all the regulars by name. Bet you can't do that, Mickey D.
I got the half BLTA & half salad. The sandwich was alright, I wasn't into the horseradish (??) spread that was in it, or how my sandwich was falling apart because the wheat bread was crumbling. Salad could have been mixed better. I never eat my salad with dressing because I don't like it when my food gets soggy, but you would think that they would have still MIXED my salad with the toppings. ALL of my croutons, carrots, etc were on the BOTTOM. I've never been served a salad where my croutons were on the bottom.

Big plus for their service though. They had nice people working. They seem to have an organizational problem though, because the way they're set up just lends themselves to long lines. You go to the counter and order and they make your food, then you walk another foot and pay. Obviously gonna have lag time which will create a huge line.

Cash only.
Well what about this place that hasn't already been said in the first 450 reviews? This used to be a staple of my college diet, eating here at least once a week. My one gripe is that the salads can be extremely inconsistent. Sometimes it's absolutely perfect, with just the right amount of dressing and sprouts and everything. Other times, I feel like I'm slogging through the Amazon of poppy seed or maybe the Death Valley of poppy seed with a jungle of sprouts to fight through. If you want a consistent (albeit with lower upside) salad, go up the street to Smart Alec's.

Now pay attention because I'm going to tell you my secret after eating here 200+ times: girls make better salads. I know that sounds like some absurd sexual innuendo but every time I go there I always try to get a girl to make my salad. OK, now that definitely sounded sexual. I can't explain it but they tend to have the better dressing to salad ratios and pick the fresher lettuce. Does it work? About 90% of the time. Am I superstitious? Yes. Am I completely insane? Probably.  

Either way, if you go to UC Berkeley, you have to have eaten here at least once or you don't deserve your diploma.
This is a great place for Providence..it needed a fish & chip place like this.  I have been twice as of this review and have gotten the fish & chips + soup.  They have a soup bar but i am a chili fiend so i have only helped myself to the chili, which was good.

The clam cakes are really good and you would be well served to get them.

The Fish & chips were very good and i recommend.    They also have a fridge full of prepacked soups ready for heating.  I am going to buy some soon and give those a try.
I think I need to make another trip back here and re-review because everyone always raves about how great this place is.

I've had both their salad and their sandwiches and I wasn't very impressed with either. The salad was kind of soggy and the dressing didn't taste like anything. It was rather expensive too. Same with the sandwiches. Hidden under those thick slices of bread is...I have no idea. 

I come out of here feeling like I did the right thing though, so I throw in a few stars for that.
Really fresh salads and really good sandwiches for very little coin and they have beer.  Good, yummy, great.
I'm surprised to see that this location was rated lower than the Arcadia one!

Even when the line seems long, this location does a good job of getting people seated quickly. There's plenty of  parking and they routinely send out BOGO coupons if you sign up for their email club. Plus, you get a BOGO meal on your birthday. Who doesn't love that?
My one source of vegetables just went up in flames. Intermezzo was hands-down the best sandwich shop in all of Berkeley. The BLTA sandwich along with a green salad with poppyseed dressing was the best lunch in all of Berkeley. If it ever comes back, be sure to check it out.
I'll admit-- it's a bit pricey for salad.  But they have some great "chef-designed" salads, solid soup, and you can custom order your salad too.  And really, the portions are big enough for two meals.  

I also like that lately they've swapped out the old boring, bland, flatbread (think tasteless tortilla) for a crusty hunk of bread.

One of the best Caesar salads I've had-- nice big pieces of shaved parmesan and a dressing that's just right--not too salty with just the right flavor.  

Good place to go for a quick, healthy (feeling) dinner.
Hell yes. I became a born-again vegetarian after coming here.

Marinated tofu never tasted this good. However, you're pretty safe with everything on this menu. Really.
This place is great for college budgets but warning: It gets old fast. I recommend it since the portions are large. Its a very popular place to eat so dont go during the rush hours if you want something quick. Food is pretty good but I had it day in and day out(since it is filling), and I noticed some days the food tastes really fresh and other days not so much.
Pretty good place to eat if you like to eat soup & salads. They have a nice mix of veggies and dressing. Can't eat this all the time though or you'll get sick of it. If your lazy to cut up your own veggies to make a salad come here.
We went here the other day. Very dissatisfied with the quality of food, service and cleanliness. My daughter has always loved this place, when she got blue cheese dressing, it was really watery and disgusting. When she went to drink her water, the glass was dirty, I went to the cashier since there was no waiter to be found. Well the cashier had an attitude. She asked me what I wanted her to do! A new glass would be nice and lose the attitude! Also, where we sat, the floor was disgusting! 
There is a new opening soon in Los Feliz, but not sure I would want to go because of my experience.
I love this place. Their sandwiches and salads are not only delicious, but they're huge!  I don't go to Berkeley too often, but when I do, this place is always on my list of places to eat.  It's worth it for the bread alone.
I ate here for the first time and it was nothing to rave about.  This mom & pop operation inside University Mall focuses on ground angus chuck from domestic ranches without antibiotics or growth hormones.  I ordered the "Farm Village Burger" for $7.50 which does not come with a side.  The burger has bacon, cheese and a fried egg.  The burger was over cooked and was not juicy.   I did also get the sweet potato fries and i saw the owner get a bag of frozen fries out of the freezer.  They were less than decent.  The burger would have been good if it was not overcooked.  This cafe does also sell salads & soups.  Many of the other burgers on the menu do sound interesting.  I'll give them another shot. 

Food C
Staff B
Decor C
Location A
Health Inspection Grade N/A
I don't really know why I stopped coming here...maybe I just felt the need to try new food places in Berkeley.  

Anyhow, at one point in my life, I ate here every day during one summer in Berkeley.

The portions here are GINORMOUS.  One salad can feed me for a day.  And their poppy seed dressing.  What is in it?  Crack?  I don't know, but it's really good.  Their sandwiches are huge and stuffed with meat and other stuff.  They will put what you want in it (like avocados and extra egg), and will not put what you don't want in it (like sprouts).  The people are friendly and very accommodating.  Prices are CHEAP.  This is probably the best place to eat on a "student budget" because the food is cheap and the portions are large.  I used to be addicted to the bread here.

The only downside is that there can be quite a line out the door, they only take cash, and it's kind of dirty.  But it's Berkeley, so what do you expect?
So so good everything was fresh service was friendly and fast. The serving sizes are huge in the salad category consider splitting a chef salad if you want tosave a little cash.
I've never tried the salads because the freshly baked bread is too much to resist!  Best tuna sandwich in the east bay.
I think I have a secret obsession with Souplantation.  Secret as in secret with my friends but widely known to my family.  I always make one of my brothers go with me.  

I have to go to Souplantation at least every other week to satisfy my craving for it.  I don't know what it is...maybe its the hot blueberry muffins?  Their mac and cheese that is somewhat bland but so addicting at the same time?! Their yummy clam chowder?  Thin crust pizza? Baked potatoes?? ALL comfort food to me--eating my way to satisfaction.

I always fill two plates at the salad bar everytime I'm there.  I love salads, especially when I get to pick the ingredients myself.  Even though it's not the best place for salads, it does satiate my craving for it.

See you next week..or maybe this weekend, Souplantation!
My chicken tikka masala soup was very good. But, there's not enough room to sit. And $5 a cup is pricey. And, I wish the bread were warm.
It seems to me that the Intermezzo frequenter's idea of a fresh salad is violently skewed.  The salad lettuce is consistently leathery and looks like a cave man writhes around in it each morning.  Their tomatoes are unripe and always sliced, unpalatable for a salad and obviously cut that way to make it convenient for the sandwich-making.  Props for the half avocado and boiled egg, but too many goddamned beans on the salad (Don't order salad to go unless you want to wear bean pants for the rest of the day).   Intermezzo's dressings are the pedialite of salad dressings: perfectly unoffensive for the newborn or almost dying, but lacking the tang and life university students need.  Just entirely uninteresting.  Sandwiches are decent because of the honey whole wheat bread.  But don't be suprised if they can't make the sandwich you want because they're 'out' of a certain ingredient.
On the final day of our trip together, our little group decided to stroll through Berkeley and check out the scene.  After cruising through campus and checking out the cool architecture, we decided to drop into Cafe Intermezzo for a bite to eat before setting off for the airport.

My friend and I shared a soy iced coffee and their massive pastrami sandwich.  The drink was really refreshing and really liked that it was sweetened with honey instead of sugar.  The sandwich was so damn big that I had to take the rest home, but it was pretty damn tasty.  It was a total steal at only $6.50 and was made with very high quality ingredients.

There are lots of unique places to get your healthy grub on in Berkeley and while I haven't given them all a try yet, Cafe Intermezzo would be a definite favorite.  If I were a CAL student, this would definitely be a place where you could find me.  Great food, great value, and great prices seem like a great combination to me!

Food: 8/10

Service: 7/10

Price: $

Atmosphere: 8/10
Wow, I'm surprised at how good the reviews are here. I went here for dinner, and I didn't think it was that good. The soup I got was way too salty, but then again, I guess people typically don't come here for the soup. The bread, however, was really tasty. It reminded me of the homemade bread that my grandpa makes. The sandwiches are also a good size and come packed with meat, so they definitely don't rip you off. 

The salads are a show-stopping size and seem to come packed with all sorts of goodies. Maybe I'll come in again and try the salad.
I dunno why people love Soup Plantation.  Have they never been to Vegas buffets?  What is so nice about this place?  I have no clue.  This place is clean just like any other Soup Plantation.  It has a nice salad selection.  The rest.... it could be better.  Well remember you can get coupons for this place if you look online.
Nothing like getting your weight in lettuce and bread for just about $5.oo.
Typical Berkeley student feeding ground- super fresh, super good and dirt cheap.
I love the food here (sometimes). The staff is alright. Some are really friendly and start conversations with you, and some are rude and don't seem to want to be there. Ok...we know working sucks, but you don't need to show it in front of customers. I know the basic drill: order quickly and pay quickly. When customers don't do that, the staff gets pretty annoyed, so make sure you know what you want. I come here several times a week to pick up a salad to go. I can't count how many times where I've come home and realized that I'm missing an avocado. I've once had a salad that were missing beans! And the beans are my favorite part of the salad. I've gotten cold bacon that looks like it's been sitting out on the counter too long on my chef's. No more chef salads for me. When they make your salads right, it's great. Wish this place were more consistent!
Came here yesterday and loved it.

The line inside looked intimidating and I thought I'd be there for at least ten minutes before they would get to my order. I was wrong. I was in there for at least two minutes and the kind man at the front asked me what I'd like. I saw the mini cups on the counter so I asked to sample their corn chowder. One sip and I became a fan. I got a regular bowl and snagged the biggest french roll I could find. The total was $5 even. My friend ordered their lobster bisque and after a while, the taste of seafood over powers the dish. Same with the sweetness of the corn chowder but it was so creamy I did not care. This place also serves sandwiches, salads, fruit cups, and parfaits. They have an awesome deal for half sandwich and salad for only $3.25! Next I'm around and it's a hot day I'm definitely going to take advantage of that deal.

The menu here rotates everyday which is why they post it online on their website. Variety is good but when a person is here for one day and they don't have their favorite, it sucks!

Do not come in here with a large group hoping to dine in since seating is VERY limited. Only bar like seating in front of the window which is enough for 5-6 people.
Tricky tricky!
Did you know that they charge you 2.50$ for getting chicken slices onto your salad? In addition, you are only allowed to get it ONE time? My friends and I didn't know about that, and they charged us extra for it and we weren't allowed to put it back. This can all be overlooked it if the service from the cashier lady was polite; however, that lady deserved an 'EPIC F-you!" Not a very nice cashier.

This souplantation is just like any other souplantation you will find. I always drink a ridiculous amount of chicken noodle soup, eat some of the muffins with honey butter, and grab a bite or two of macaroni and cheese or baked potatoes. I cannot say there's anything special about this location but that one bad apple just tainted my experience.
this place has a really grand reputation to uphold and i frankly was not impressed. they bake their bread daily and that seems to hit the soft spot in berkeleyans. 

i ordered the half sandwich/ half salad. the veggie sandwich was nothing special. i would have preferred the bread by itself. the salad was gigantic; i couldnt finish it, even though i picked at it throughout the rest of the night.
Been coming to this Souplantaion location only because its the closest one to my home. Parking is underground and shared with the LA Fitness as well as other corporate offices. 

Love their selection of pre-made salads and the clam chowder soup. Their pizzas are pretty light and not too greasy. Their pastas are just ok, I just wish there was a bit more flavor. Also love their blue berry muffins.

In comparison to other restaurants and other souplantations, I give this an ok rating.
I went here finally for actual food- usually it is a stop purely for their iced teas and chips for snacks on the go on my lunch break since it's so close. I decided that I would have soup for lunch a couple of days ago since it was a little overcast and not as hot. 

I had the tomato bisque with orzo and chicken. A regular size is 4.99 and it looked like so much but I was hungrier than I thought I was and I finished it- it was sooooo good! They serve so many soups- maybe like 6-7 a day? They also carry and serve hale and hearty soups, which i LOVED after tasting at a trade show earlier this year. 

Other than soups they have lots of sandwich and salad options and hot dogs. they also have smoothies and a wide selection of iced tea they pack in to-go cups (all sorts!) ready for you to grab and go from the case. 

The staff there is amazingly friendly and are always there to serve me with a smile and ready to suggest (got me to get the delicious soup I had!). They open fairly early, since I see one of the crew outside around 9 am. There is a bar/stool set up to eat inside and several tables outside.
YumYumYum

I brought my boyfriend here on his first trip to California and introduced him to the breakfast burrito. It has been three years and he still talks about it. 

Their coffee and tea selection is pretty basic, but they do use the pour-over brew method which makes for a more personalized cup!

Cafe Intermezzo is the perfect place to grab a bite after walking the streets of Berkeley, or nice just for a cup of coffee to start your day!
It burned down.  Hoping for another Phoenix performance.  I bet loyal customers would be willing to pre-buy food to help 'em rebuild.  I'd put in $100.

It's BACK!  I just clicked "Edit Business Info" and told Yelp they've reopened and their phone # works.  

A friend and I had big yummy salads there last night.  Same as I remember.  Only restaurant I've been to that serves a salad I consider a whole meal (I have a big appetite.)
I eat here at least once a week since I work on campus.  It's kind of expensive, but if you get a punch card your 10th salad is free - yes!  They have specific salads that have all of the toppings predetermined for you, but they are flexible in that they will substitute toppings with something else.  I usually create my own salad which is a little more expensive, but I get exactly what I want!  All salads come with a white or wheat roll which is almost always nice a toasty.  Saladworks also makes wraps, delicious smelling panini sandwiches, and soups.  The line is  r i d i c u l o u s l y  long during the lunch time rush, but they try their best to move the line along.
Yes, this is a bit pricey if you want a ton of toppings, but sooo delicious. I crave these big, sizable salads all the time! I love that they have tofu as a topping, and probably every other topping you can think of. I wish they still had Dressed in Buckhead where I live!
Huge salads, filling sandwiches.  That should be their slogan.  The salads are really where it's at.  I don't know if it's possible for one person to eat one of their salads alone in one sitting.  I have tried unsuccessfully many times.
Great food, and open late (By Berkeley standards).  If you're out wandering on Telegraph, after all other stores have closed, Cafe Intermezzo still draws a crowd for its cheap, filling and undeniably tasty food.  However, owing to the fact that its often one of the only things worthwhile open late, the lines can be nearly unbearable.  Its easy for the chefs to get swamped, and the lines to back up out the door.  Even with this backlog of service, the person making my drink took the time to experiment, try to improve it.  I appreciate the effort, but its cold outside and people want their food.
I hate everything about this place. Every time I'm forced to go, I feel like bolting and going home to shower after the experience.
1.) The food is not that great, yes it's cheap, but it's thrown together as if it was slop in the most unappealing way. 
2.) It's always packed and LOUD and has that pushy Berkeley atmosphere.
3.) The employees, though understandably are in a hurry, are ALWAYS, ALWAYS rude. 
4.) There is always a strong smell of B.O which is at the top of my list of appetite ruiners. Gross.
It's overated and has a cult like following which I'll never understand.
The thing with Intermezzo is that they're not consistent in service or quality.

Sometimes you'll get a nice person who makes a good sandwich that tastes fresh and great. Sometimes you'll get a person who is utterly bored with their job (or absorbed in conversation with one of their coworkers), messes up the order, and is working with subpar ingredients.

On the whole, the food is usually pretty good and the service is usually decent. Intermezzo is the best sandwich place near campus, but when you're choosing between Intermezzo and Subway, it's kind of hard to lose that contest.

The long wait is usually worth it. Except when it's not.
Decent. Not the best souplantation around, but will do.
For the folks all about the "healthy", Dressed is a great option.  KInda in the same vein as a Doc Greens, but not as commercial/mainstream.  However with the quality of service, and overall look, I am sure it will be on the road to "franchisement" (you like that huh?) very soon.

The service is relatively quick and efficient.  Not that Id expect less from a place that basically only served salad, but still, I appreciated it.

Pretty interesting pricing option that can get a little bit ridiculous if you like to have a bunch of stuff on your salad, but from a business perspective it make since....basically they give you a few items for "free" on your salad and then charge you "a-la-carte" style for additional items.  

They have a number of signature salads including the "Po Boy" (fried chicken & Chipotle),  Southwest ( cajun chicken, ranch dressing,etc).  We stuck with the basics, Spinach, Feta, Grilled Chicken, and an absolutely amazing Lemon Lime Vinagarette (reason enough to go back to dressed, just to get a hook up on the dressing!)

Everything was fresh, the place was had a great Saturday afternoon lunch "buzz" and the manager was friendly.  Good food, good service, if you go crazy with your salad a little pricey (ie $14 bucks for a salad is pricey period, specifically at this type of spot).

But for sure, if its Dressed v. Doc Greens, Ill be getting "dressed" everytime...
Remember in Seinfeld when all Elaine wanted was "a Big Salad"?

Well Intermezzo has it. I mean it. It's gigantic. It has everything in it, it's delicious and it's cheap! Surely Elaine would approve!

Also, they have peanut butter; banana and honey sandwiches on fresh baked, thick sliced bread.

I love this place.
My heart is broken ... this is a very sad day... sniff sniff ((cuddles)) Please come back again!
Easily one of my favorite places to eat at when visiting Berkeley.  Their bread is fresh, their sandwiches tasty, and their salads (try the poppy seed dressing) are fresh and delicious.  Prices are very affordable and the portions are generous.  Just be prepared to wait in line during peak hours.
BEST BIG-&-CHEAP HEALTHY SANDWICHES--anywhere. Good for post-hippie palettes & pocketbooks. Nice texture wheat bread. Crunchy alfalfa sprouts. Huge salads.
LONG LINES--expected but not too slow. A counter-cultural gem on Telegraph Avenue.
BOMB!! Well at least the specials usually are. As a vegetarian, the regular corn chowder, tomato bisque and smokey split pea aren't too exciting. But they have awesome specials of the day. I suggest the lentil soup or minestrone if they have it. I also love the fact that for a regular size cup of soup with bread is only $5 even.
I just ate the biggest salad of my life! I ordered a chef salad with salami and poppy seed dressing, and it was very reasonably priced. It came with a piece of delicious bread and a slice of pineapple. Anyone who can finish the whole thing deserves a fat girl award.

I was craving a big salad today, and this place totally hit the spot. I came around 11:45, so the line wasn't too bad at all; it moves quick. I got the salad to go, and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. 

I haven't tried the sandwiches, but they look delicious. I'm sure I'll be back.
UPDATE: Intermezzo is BACK with its old name and is just as delicious as ever!!

Monstrous and delicious salads and the best honey wheat bread ever. I'll miss this place a lot when I graduate.
Shit, this place made me feel uber granola!! I LOVED it!!

Big fat pieces of homemade bread reminded me of my tie dye wearing hippy mom back in the day making bread and leaving it on the table to cool....of music and beards and wonderful attitudes.

It's so nice to be able to stop for a super cheap lunch and feel like you are actually eating well. Huge salads, amazingly simple yummy sandwiches-the line-up out the door is worth it. It actually goes much faster than you'd think, so don't let it intimidate you-the girls behind the counter whip it up as fast as you can say boo!

Yes yes...I'd go there again...nothing about this place turned me off...and there's something about eating fresh in the heart of wonderful Berkeley, and feelin a little hippy...

Let the sunshine.... harhar.

Meh.
I ate at Intermezzo every other day while attending college until my graduation in 2005. I would get the tofu madness chef salad for lunch and halfway through my meal, I'd look down at my food and realize the bowl still looked uneaten. These salads were filled beyond the brim! Since I was NEVER able to finish it alone in or inone sitting, I would often take that huge portion of leftovers and eat that for dinner or share it with my roommates.

I live in LA now, but I go back up to the bay area to visit my best friend in SF every couple of months, and I would always make sure to hit up to Berkeley to eat there. On my last trip in November, I ate there on a Friday afternoon after the 5 hour drive before crossing the Bay Bridge. Delicious, per usual, with plenty of leftovers to take into the city for dinner. I stayed in SF for a week, then went back only to discover that the previous week's meal was the final time I would dine at my favorite restaurant, my epicurean heaven.

Though I often ate till I got disgustingly full to the brink of puking my guts, swearing I'd take it easy next time, it's really sad to know that there won't be a next time.

Had I known I would never be able to indulge in that sweet and spicy tofu and delicious salad dressing (poppyseed & herbal vinaigrette), I would have gobbled that salad in it's entirety... and I probably would have thrown up.... happily. 

As it turns out, when I arrived in Berkeley, the building was still steaming from the fire that raged the night before. It was surreal. I literally saw right through the building and into the backyard of the apt behind it. Now realizing the building would be condemned, it hit me that Intermezzo would only be a memory.

Berkeley has lost many great eateries over my time there, but none will be met with more heartache than Intermezzo. 

PLEASE COME BACK from the ashes. The city needs you. 

Does anyone know if their are any plans to re-open?
healthy and grainy are sooooooo not my thing. which is why i hate admitting that i almost love this place. (and yes, i do feel an identity crisis coming). there is just something about the sandwiches that drives me nuts; it could be the bread, the proportions, the sprouts maybe?

the variety of sandwiches is pretty good. you have vegan and vegetarian options, plus carnivore galore (my only anti-health nut solace). i loooove the salami sandwich. and yes i'd recommend the vegetarian chili as well.
don't mind the line tooo much as long as it is not raining.
Great place overall with free garage parking and $2 off facebook check-in.  The Asian and Tuscan salads are as good as it gets but the iced tea is iceless and tastes like dishwater.
Pino's is part of my daily morning routine:
Avena (a cup of oatmeal w/cinnamon) and a medium coffee. Or on Sundays the breakfast platter with home fries and bacon, talking about healthy eating ;)
But I also frequently get food from him in the afternoon. Honestly, the Salad was not as dysmal as described, but it's definitely not his strongest suit. The smoothies are pretty good, and I do like his soups.
Plus, Pino must be the friendliest shop-owner this side of the western hemisphere, and even the two guys he hired recently to take over Friday mornings for him are doing a good job with friendly service.

Thank you Pino :)
i never graduated from college.  but in the three-plus semesters of being there, i became very familiar with the dorm cafeterias.  definitely way more than any library or classroom on campus, that's fer sure.  when you walk into souplantation, it'll give you flashbacks of a time of innocence and naivete.
upon walking in, we were greeted by stacks of trays and a long salad bar with as many veggies as a grocery produce department.  at the end of the bar sits the register where you pay for the buffet.  i almost went looking for my i.d. card to be swiped before drifting back into reality.  the lunch buffet runs around nine bucks for an adult (less for children), while dinner costs a buck more.  after paying, you can head over to the soup bar, which contains around a half dozen soups, and also pick up breads, pasta and dessert (cakes, frozen yogurt).
the food was okay, albeit pretty processed.  there really isn't much meat to speak of, save your random chicken chunks.  for ayce soup and salad, it was a good buy.  the gf didn't feel like eating meat for lunch that day, so it worked out well.  i don't really ever see myself picking this spot for a meal.  just not much of a salad guy.  although for vegeterians, this place is a decent option....
Star breakdown (starting at 3 stars)

+1: Very efficient, even if there's a line you'll get in and out in under 10 mins 
+1: Pretty large salad selection - you can even make your own! They follow instructions to the T. I hate overdressed salads, SFSC makes it so that a little dressing goes a long way. 
+1: HUGE salads
-1: $10 for their salad!? They are good - but not worth the $10 IMHO. 
-1: No seating (Except by the window, but then you risk getting bumped by the constant line of students). This would be okay if Cal was sunny 24/7, but when it rains - it sucks to get your soup and have to lug it back on campus to find a place to eat. 


Overall it's a very convenient place for lunch. If you go at an off-time it's even better because there's basically no wait.
I'm a big fan of salads and I guess this place does a decent job with some of their salad creations....other then the salads I don't really eat anything else....there's only 3 choices for the soup...usually the same thing ...the chunky chicken soup..which i admit does have a load of white meat chicken breast and the flavor is pretty good...and the veggie medley which is not my favorite and chili. That's about all the soups they offer...at least the time that I've been here.

Oh the cold pasta isn't a good choice either...but the hot pastas are good. they also have a variety of breads and muffins and fruits. 

Good choice of lunch if you're feeling extra healthy =D
Caffe Intermezzo has a ridiculously big BLTA (the A is for Avocado) sandwich that can feed 2 people for $5. More importantly, it's delish.

I recommend getting the half sandwich, half salad deal and getting that with salad with their signature poppyseed dressing.
The best salads around. Now that I live in So-Cal I forgot how hard it is to get a good salad down here. 

My usual: Chef Salad w/ Pastrami & Turkey, Onions & Poppy Seed Dressing.
This place was pretty awesome. I had seen it under construction and I thought it had just closed down. I'm glad that wasn't the case!

I, like everyone else, got one of the $2 off coupons that they were so aggressively handing out. We all know the point of these coupons: to get us hooked and keep coming back paying full price and whatnot. Like a sucker, it worked for me. 

I just came back and my roommate looks at me and asks me where I got all the food. I told him that I got it at SF Soup Company; he has never heard of it and I told him it was new. I then told him that I got all the food for under $6; he was impressed. I picked up a side Caesar salad, the huge bread chunk that came with my soup, and a large-size (yes I'm a fatty) New England clam chowder. Oh man, it was quite legit. It was a bit slow given that it's spring break right now but they were all so nice even though it must be boring with the lack of customers. We started chatting up about what I had done with spring break, how I liked Cal, and the future of his store. I think I was talking to the manager or something; he was asking me, a random customer, what I thought about store operations! He was real friendly and caring about it too. It's crazy good!
I'm not a soup guy. I don't think I have ever in my life said, "Dude, I really want some SOUP!"

Keeping that in mind, I have been really pleased since this place opened up a few weeks ago. They have a wide variety of soups, salads made to order, and some pretty good pre-made half sandwiches.

The soups are GREAT! They have organic options and vegetarian options. Thus far the split pea has been my fave-o.

The prices are really nice. They sell a 12-ounce "regular" for about $4, a 16-ounce "large" for $5 or $6, or a quart, probably $9 or more. With their $2 Off Coupon, SF Soup Co has become a mandatory daily stop for me. (DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE INFERIOR $1 OFF COUPON THEY ARE CIRCULATING NOW!)

Plus, sourdough bread (or a wheat roll) comes by the chunk with your meal.
A fave for a rainy day:  a large Southwestern Corn Chowder and a (huge) Rainbow Salad. (Plus like 4 pieces of bread.) The corn chowder here is a veritable alphabet soup of awesomeness:  Vegetarian, Lowfat, Spicy, Dairy Free, & Organic. Perfect for when I'm feeling a bit under the weather, and too lazy to cook for myself.

Kudos for also using biodegradable packaging, locally sourced ingredients, and always having a few organic and vegetarian options. 
 
-1 star because, honestly, the prices are a *bit* steep for what they should be... and parking sucks in these parts.
Can't understand the massive popularity of this place.  The basic salads without protein are cheap, sure, but you really do get what you pay for.  There have also been issues with the cleanliness of this place.  In fact, when I was there, the servers were making salads in already used & uncleaned mixing bowls.  I suppose that doesn't bother some but it just seemed unkosher.
fantastic energizer salads that just keep going and going and going...

oh, and the sandwiches are delicious too.  but, back to the salads.  cafe intermezzo puts garbanzo and kidney beans in its salads, lending the salads texture and rich flavor.  you can't really go wrong with any of the combos.  i always think "there won't be enough food", but i swear that i eat and eat and eat, and still have enough for another meal.

the line can get ridiculously long tho.

oh, and they make a 6-shot in drip coffee.  for dirt cheap.  just ask.
Echoing everyone else, the salads are HUGE (and CHEAP!).  I tried to finish mine and it took 3 meals to do it.  The tuna fish sandwich is delicious (though I could only finish half because of the size).  Their homemade bread, which is slightly sweet and has sunflower seeds, is great.
"Well, I know you cannot tow my car with me in it".

Is the statement I heard from a middle-aged women stomping to her car on Bancroft as the traffic cop obviously caught her in some big trouble, they don't just tow your car for nothing.

The SFSC occupies a spot next to the line out the door smoothie shop. Even though there were a few people in line before me, it went very quickly. I ordered their clam chowder in a bread bowl (yes, the only full fat, non vegetarian, vegan, or low salt option) and a corn chowder for the hubby. I told them I was driving them back home for supper so they wrapped them in cellophane for me and bagged them up along with the spinach salad I bought with a gift card from their PR guy (Thanks Tom).

Walking back to my car, middle-aged lady is still in her car, the traffic cop has blocked her in and I can't help but chuckle. Returning to my car, the attendant could not give me change for a tenner so he gave me parking for free. Only in Berkeley could all of this happen in less than a city block.

When I got home, the soups were still warm and we ate them without having to heat them up. My clam chowder was mmm mmm good and I thought hubby was going to lick his bowl clean.

Great place for soup. Great place for bread bowls. Be careful where you park.
I was totally excited about what these guys have to offer. It is real food, not processed in some other state and shipped in. They bake their own breads daily and make some killer hot sauce. I am a huge fan of the fresh hand cut fries and would rather wait for good food than be duped by processed trash. I realize that today's population wants things now but good food should take some time and come with some love. They also roast their own coffee beans and grind themselves. Customer services is geared toward the customer so do not be afraid to ask. If they can do it, they will. Keep doing what you are doing guys, the haters will come around. They always do!
oh man...i love this place. their soups are great, salads HUGE and sandwiches very, very tastey.  Not too expensive for the amount you get. and its right across from amoeba!  food + record shopping = always a good time
I am a soup fanatic and for $6 I can satisfy my cravings with some of the best soups I've ever had! 

I also love how efficient this hole-in-the-wall is. It is a model for what it takes to be a  successful business. There is always a line at lunch, but the two workers inside the small red box keep waiting to a minimum. 

My only complaint is the hours. They are only open week days for lunch. If you share a similar love for soup, you are extremely limited to this experience if you can't try it out between 11:30am-2pm.
I don't know why I'm bothering with this review, because as you can tell from the litany of others, this is about the best place to get sandwiches, salads, and baked goods in all of the world. 

My typical meal is half a sandwich (try the BLTA - tons of bacon), along with a cup of their vegan chili. My fiancee always gets the Chef Salad, and it's huge, so she takes half of it home with her. Today was the first time I got the strawberry lemonade, and I noticed strawberry seeds floating in it, and the taste confirmed it was made from scratch (and totally delicious), just like everything else.

I eat out for lunch several times a week, as I work from home, and more often than not I end up here with friends. There's absolutely nothing I can say that's negative about Cafe Intermezzo, so let me just give a list of some of the more awesome points:

 * all of the bread and pastries are made from scratch, and made well

 * the food is delicious, fresh, organic, and unlike other restaurants that can make those claims, Intermezzo's also gives you plenty of food

 * the prices are unbelievably cheap

 * the place is always busy, but you get through the line in 2 minutes every time

 * I have never once had anyone make any sort of mistake preparing my food, even though I change the stock offering every time (I like to get hummus instead of the mustard an mayo - no charge for this)

 * the coffee is great, the meats and cheese are top shelf, and all the veggies are fresh

What else is there to say? If you are looking for lunch on Telegraph Ave., this is where you want to go.
I go there...a lot.  They have huge salads.  With that said, this place is definitely about quantity over quality.  Go to Cafe Gratitude on Shattuck if you want something special, fresh and organic.  But it is quick and cheap (ideal graduate student budget eats).
Don't complain about the price hike - the cost of food has gone up, too. Or haven't you been to a grocery store in the last year? The cost of oil has gone up, and the cost of labor has gone  up. 

Yes, it's nice that many Berkeley establishments are "about the community" and not "about profit," but seriously. This is not an after school project. This is a business, and they have employees, and those employees have rent to pay. 

If you whiny cheapasses were the people working there, not getting your cost of living raises because the restaurant wasn't making enough money, you wouldn't complain about the 50 cent increase on the salads. 

Get. Real.
It's one of my all-time favorites in Berkeley. The staff is good at their jobs and the ingredients are very fresh. I love the vibe of the place; there are students relaxing here in between classes, GSI's having office hours, and local Berkeley folks who have been patrons for years.

I love the half-sandwich and salad combo. They toss the salads very well and the poppyseed dressing is something special, to say the least. The pastrami is my favorite sandwich meat.

For less than $7 you'll get a meal that will fill you to the brink, but it's quite healthy relative to everything else along Telegraph Avenue. This is a must-visit if you're in Berkeley.
Been going here for as long as I can remember with the fambam

The food quality? It's ok
The food quantity? Unparalleled 

As a growing boy, that's really all I care about. Anyways, this has always been a place of comfort for me and the service has always been kind and responsive. B+
I hate salads, but I love the Chef Salad at Intermezzo's.  The poppy seed dressing is perfect, and the Tofu Madness and Chicken salad are the perfect meats to choose for the salad.  I once split this salad with 2 others and spent less than $3 to feel stuffed.  Amazing!
This is inside the Carnegie Art Museum but outside the paid area.  Although very crowded it was surprisingly quick.  Order at a counter, pick up your drink, pay, and they bring the meal to your table.  Small menu, light stuff, but fast and good.  I had a cajun shrimp salad (the daily special that day), crunchy lettuce decorated with the medium-sized well-spiced shrimp.  Definitely a satisfying light meal.
Cafe Intermezzo burned down, and that sucks. Sadly, it was the fault of the business owners themselves, who were the same slumlords who owned the old tenement it was attached to.  Like many old Berkeley building owners, they had let the building fall into such disrepair that a basement fire managed to total the entire structure, leaving yet another gaping hole on Telegraph Avenue.

Nevertheless, I'm posting this long-overdue review as some sort of magical spell, hoping that Cafe Intermezzo will be magically resurrected, if only enough Berkeleyites simply wish for it in a grand harmonic convergence.     

This sandwich-and-salad place was awesome: they made their enormous sandwiches with fresh, thick-cut, honey wheat bread, sprouts, and god knows what, setting the standard for what a Berkeley sandwich should really be about.  And yes, I don't give many 5 stars, but this place rocked a sandwich like no other.  I know people who leave Berkeley for years at a time, and they have to come back to eat at this place.

And the salads were freakishly enormous.  It was hard to say whether such a massive salad doused in so much dressing was actually a healthy object, or had gone so far to the extreme that it had wrapped around infinity and become unhealthy again, but it was a glory.  Even a definitive carnivore like myself could gorge on a salad and emerge sated.

So let's all join our hands and say it: Cafe Intermezzo -- life, return to thee.  Life, bestow to thee.  Life, from all to thee.

Did it work yet?  That was the best spell I could find on teh interwebs!!!
one of the BEST salad i've had on earth... reminds of those FRESH FRESH FRESH salad in greece and italy .. very generous portion and the veggie delight w/ poppyseed dressing is just heaven - i love salad and i can eat salad all day - if you crave for salad around cal - this is the place to come - and oh gosh the fresh orange juice ~ i love this place
Very good salads and sandwiches, always busy and nice atmosphere.
Huge portions!  Best salad I have ever had.  This is one of the main reasons that I don't want to move away from Berkeley.  I come here at least once a week and sometimes 3-4 times a week!
Freshly prepared salads and sandwiches loaded with sprouts for mere pennies.  My knees get weak and my salivary glands work overtime for Intermezzo!
Get in and get out, or try to get a seat! I love it. Huuuuuge portions that feel healthy and are v yummy. I usually get the salad with poppyseed on the side and then get the tuna on honey wheat with one of the many fab fresh juices!
This is a small and colorful restaurant where you can get a tasty cup, bowl, or breadbowl full of soup (ranging from $3-$6 - breadbowls being the most expensive).  The also have a pretty tasty bubble tea, although a little pricey at $3.  The soup, wrap, and salad menu rotates daily, so call ahead if you're curious (I wish they told you on their website).  The curry lentil with vegetables is very good.  I grabbed one of their menus on the way out, and it lists about 40 possible soups (10 of which are chowders) - so you could eat here often and not repeat your soup choice.  They're closed on Sundays, and don't take credit cards.

Edit:

They have a new location, just 2 doors down from the old place.  Much larger space, but the homey atmosphere is gone replaced by modern tables and chairs (and suprisingly a wine/beer bar).  The hours on the door now read 11am-11pm M-Sat, and they might be accepting credit cards now, but don't hold me to that.  The soup is still good (try the turkey chili) - they've added some more sandwiches, wraps, and dessert  - and bubble tea now cost $3.50.  Here's hoping they make the new space more inviting over time.
Dressed is tasty but, I gotta say, do I really need to spend $10 on a salad? It just seems so overpriced for what you get.

I would just prefer to head over to MetroFresh for something truly delightful and not a lunch that I feel like I could have thrown together at home before I left for work.
The veggie delight and a cup of vegan chili keeps me fed for 2 days! And together less $9. The line can be sloow and service inconsistent, but for this cheap and delish.... worth it.
I never in my life thought a salad would best me but it's hard to even describe how large the salads are here. I ordered the veggie salad and it was full of all kinds of great things, avocado, egg, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, num num num (I probably am even leaving something out here). All that for only $6.50, seriously a great deal. The bread is mighty tasty as well.
I am so sad to learn Imtermezzo is closed!  I am craving for a huge, healthy, delicious sandwich and salad and was planning to tell my husband we are taking a trip to Telegraph this weekend!   So sad, it was absolutely delicious and a staple of my teenage years.
Huge portions for a small price, I had the 1/2 sandwich and salad and was full for hours afterwards.  I heartily the turkey and avocado on their own french roll, delicous!
Oh my god, their half sandwich and salad is my favorite thing in the world.

I lived in Berkeley for two weeks and I miss this place so hard.
I really have no idea why anyone would give this place less than 4 stars.  I make regular trips all the way from Boston because their buffalo chicken chowder is exceptional.

They often have special soups based on the season using local produce.  Their pumpkin and butternut squash soups are incredible.  It's very clear as you start eating there how much care the family who owns it puts into it.  Even the beer they serve is local.  

There's no place I've found that can give you a bowl of soup that's as memorable and not just an appetizer.
Intermezzo is the place to be if you're craving large portions of fresh veggies. Your can literally drown in their salads. When I was a starving college student at Cal I would have an order of their salad for lunch, dinner, and then save the piece of bread that comes with the salad as my mid-night snack... all for 6 bucks a day!
Club Veg woot woot!! Two people for 13 and some change sounds purdy good to me. I enjoy salads so signed up for their free club membership. I like their chicken wonton salad and brocoli madness mmmmm!! Yam bisque soup is also yummy. I know its a buffet but its mostly salads and veggies and news flash peeps if the veggies are frozen they actually contain MORE vitamins ;-) look it up. Although their pastas are super bland :-/ cherry cobbler ala mode mmmm.
Lobster Bisque Review: SAVOR IT.  I know, I know, this is on a list for Boston.  But I have to give a shout out to the hot dog/gourmet soup stand in Ann Arbor that makes some amazing lobster bisque on Thursdays and Fridays.  They also serve a great bread with it.  The lobster isn't as fresh as Boston, but the broth is the perfect combination of creamy and light and the flavors are out of this world.  There's so much sherry you should have to show ID!  But not in an overpowering way.  It is a unique broth I haven't tasted in Boston.  Yet.
So I was REALLY craving some good clam chowder on a cold bay day.  I had heard that this place had AMAZING clam chowder so I decided to give it a try.  Sadly disappointed.  I had to add salt and pepper just to make it somewhat less bland.  The staff was not extremely friendly, and there was a wait, even though there weren't that many people ahead of me (the staff was just slow, having side convo's, etc.).  Overall, bad experience.  Perhaps the one in SF is better...
Contrary to Suchie B.'s review...Cafe Intermezzo's poppy seed is fantastic.  I would eat here everyday if I still lived in Berkeley.
I miss this place so much now that I'm not in Berkeley. The salads are BIG!!!! And the poppy seed dressing is to die for. =)

The only thing I don't like is the bread. But its a really healthy type of bread. Just not for me. =)
This is such a great spot to stop by for a quick lunch. 

My friend brought me here a few years ago, and I recently revisited. Their signature bread is just as delicious as I remembered it.

When I came yesterday, I opted for the 1/2 sandwich 1/2 soup combo. I decided on the pastrami sandwich and the minestrone. Both were delicious. I wish my pastrami sandwich hadn't completely fallen apart, but still it was amazing.

The salads looked so damn good and everyone was ordering em. I think the Chef's salad might be the best bet, probably the best salad you can get outside of a Pluto's one.
this location is right across the street from my jobplace. whenever i am craving the warmth of homemade soup, i head over. 2 bucks and i get my fill of some delicious vegetarian soup. 

their blueberry muffins are heavenly. the cornbread is perfect with the santa fe chili which is my favorite thing ever. the chili has a kick!
Oh so delicious and fresh, and oh so fast. Don't let the line out the door deter you, generally it moves along nice and fast. Their salads are tasty and reasonably priced, and their sandwiches are delicious.

I love the peanutbutter/honey/banana 1/2 sandwich with a poppyseed dressing salad + eggs. 

I will only make one complaint and that is that their salad dressing is in dire need of salt. Fortunately, there are salt shakers.
Very Cheap. Very delicious.

My friend's salad was huge. I got a roast beef sandwich for $5.35 with tax. It was jam packed with roast beef. 

Best sandwich I've had in a while---excluding those of my own creation.
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! I love their poppyseed dressing.

The are known for their salads, but their sandwiches are bomb too. Their famous bacon lettuce tomato and avocado (BLTA) is delicious, but their pastrami is actually quite tasty as well. I love that I can get a tossed green salad with their amazing dressing + a slice of pineapple + a slice of honey whole wheat bread for only $4.50! It's such a good deal. Their honey whole wheat is without a doubt my favorite bread, they make their own bread fresh everyday without preservatives!
Oh, Intermezzo, how I have missed your sweet poppyseed nectar'd, garbanzo and kidney bean'd, avocado chunk'd, cucumber'd, and chicken saladed chef salads. After over a year of serious withdrawal, I returned to your hallowed halls and indulged myself in one of my most favorite meals from college, and it was good. 

I can't say that I've ever had a better salad anywhere else. The amount of food alone is enough to stretch into at least two meals, the bread is divine, and the combination of flavors is both refreshing and filling. I've also tried many of the sandwiches and soups here over the years, and each one is deceivingly hearty. A great, inexpensive place to come for a full meal. The service here is a little... hipster-y, but that's honestly part of its charm. Bring your fedora and be prepared to fill up on lettuce, man.
I love this place.  Their big salads taste so healthy and fresh and delicious.  I get the veggie delight with vinaigrette and sometimes with chicken salad.  It comes with an egg, avocado, kidney beans, garbonzo beans, cucumbers, great croutons, tomato, sprouts, all on a huge pile of crisp crunchy lettuce with a piece of moist wheat bread and a slice of sweet pineapple on the side.  It's great to share with someone and it's pretty cheap (around 7 bucks).  

Sometimes when we study a long time we get a big salad and eat it over a couple hours while we study.  SO GOOD.  This will forever be my favorite salad place.  You leave feeling satisfied, very full, and refreshingly healthy.  

The only thing about this place is that it is so popular that there's always always a line out the door during lunch.  Sometimes it's hard to find a seat and it gets a little stuffy in there during summer but then they open up the door wide open and it has the great open cafe feel.
When I moved to Oakland from SF I realized I was so much closer to Intermezzo and it made me smile for the first time since I decide to move to Oakland from SF.
Holy crap--That's a lot of salad for $5.85!  Dinner and lunch the next day.

Lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, avocado, hard boiled egg, kidney beans, garbanzos, sprouts, cucumbers, croutons and dressing all served in a huge bowl that can certainly feed two.  And the bread, the yeasty, molasses-y bread!  I love its dense, sweet, bready goodness!

Minus one star for the slow slow slow service even though it is friendly.  I waited ten minutes at 9:15 at night!  Come on, people, just take my order.  Once my order was taken I received my food very quickly.

Best place to go when you are craving a salad.

Tip:  Order dressing on the side if you want to save part of the salad for the next day.  Soggy salads are sad.
They make the best salads in the whole world!
All I have to say is - where is your doppelganger in New York?

This has been a staple in my food repertoire for years, and I search, search, search endlessly for something like it in Manhattan.  It doesn't exist. :(
I know all souplantations are all the same, but I like the atmosphere here and the taste of the foods are better well at least I don't see little flies flying around and in my salad! * bad experience at the one on huntington drive*
I used to really like Souplantation.. It's a great alternative to McDonald's when you want a quick meal, but the recent price increases are getting a bit out of control for serve yourself. Usually I'm happy with my experiences there but this last time blew. It seemed really expensive (nearly $40!) to feed me, my husband, and our 9 year old for dinner. And that was with a coupon! I mostly ate the same salad, chicken noodle soup, and bread that I usually do but decided to try the cream of broccoli too. Big mistake. The broccoli was practically raw. It was crunchy and I didn't feel so well after eating it. Not feeling to thrilled about Souplantation anymore. Maybe for lunch, but I'd have to think hard about it first.
If you're really hungry but want something cheap and wholesome, this is the place to go. I like the simple menu structure: pick a soup, salad or sandwich, or a combo of any two. There's usually a decent sized line and you will be hurried along the counter, but you will get a big plate/bowl of healthy food at a great price. People aren't kidding about the portions: I think the salad bowls are gallon size.
Is it just me or did the soup bowls get smaller here? Their yogurt also tastes different. It tastes like... nothing. Bring back the fatty yogurt!

Their mac n cheese is bland. Their wonton chicken happiness salad does not make me happy it makes me frown. It is too vinegary.  This place makes me feel all warm and fuzzy thought because when I was poor as a college student I would stuff my fat ass here and steal muffins that would last me for 4 days. Also reminds me of mediocre dorm food.

Soup is good when you mix chicken noodle with vegetable. Also their honey butter is tasty. mmm butter. fat. lard. Not to mention the chocolate chip cookies.

The weirdest thing is that most people come here to eat "healthy" ... well sista, I aint the one to burst your bubble but when your cheese portion, 4 ladels of  salad dressing and croutons outweigh the actual vegetable portion.. you might have a problem. Don't scream to me "I try to eat healthy but it's not working".  I will smack you.  Not to mention 8 trips to the pasta bar.

ITS NOT CARBPLANTATION. PEOPLE.

Plus I heard that e Coli broke out here and someone died.. well I like to live on the edge. Bring it on.

still not as bad as Vanguard.
Meh. I came with a friend who really loves it here, but just wasn't impressed.

I had the combo with half a turkey sandwich and thai chicken noodle soup. I may be alone in this, but I didn't like the bread. The slices were too thick and really sweet. It really detracted from the sandwich, all I really tasted was the bread. Plus there was a whole lotta mayo and I had to scrape a lot off.

The soup tasted good but the noodles had soaked up all the liquid in it so there were really mushy noodles and not much "soup." I think a salad may have been a better choice, but regardless I doubt I'll be back. There are plenty of other similar options on Telegraph that I like more.

I'm not factoring this in, but worth mentioning is that I got about 5 mosquito bites in the half hour I spent here.
I finally got to try the very famous and popular Cafe Intermezzo. Even before I got there, I could not choose between a whole salad or half salad, half sandwich. I wanted to try the best of both worlds so I decided on the half salad, half Berkeley special. 
I wish I didn't see this, but the person making my salad dumped a huge soup ladle of poppy seed dressing into my bowl of salad, which made me cringe. Anyways, the food was really good! I loved the hummus and dijon mustard in my sandwich, but I kind of wish I got the sandwich in honey wheat bread. The salad was AWESOME! There were loads of carrots, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes and croutons, unlike most salad places where they give you one of each. The dressing was sweet, but savory. I wish they sold the dressing! 
The service was nothing commendable. I wish the girl who made my food could smile or be a little happy to be there..

Everything about the food was as fresh as can be! It was a steal for $7! Most people probably eat half and save it for the next meal. This filled my salad capacity, and will probably last a good month or two.
SO so good. 
Chicken salad sandwich was delicious
Roast beef and salami was good. 
The bread slices are huge - get honey wheat.
$6.50 a sandwich, well worth it.
Tomato bisque: described by cashier 'it's like drinking a pizza.' Well not really, but it was Yummy plus came with loaf of honey wheat to dip in.
Free refills for strawberry lemonade.
Get the blta on the honey wheat bread!
Yes, Berkeley is one big hippie ass commune. We braid flowers in our hair, eat granola, raise our kids in psychic churches and our hobos jump in and bare their ass and balls when tourists try to take pictures. OK, I'm overreacting/joking (except for the psychic church part, and the picture.... it's in a frame), but Cafe Intermezzo is a place that will kind of make you feel like that.

Case in point:
Thing's I've recently bartered for my big box of a leftover  salad/sandwich combo ($5.50):
item a) a song with my name, the words unicorn and shiva, written for me by a 15 year old runaway
item b) an "aura reading". WTF?
items c &d) 2 almost mint records: Getz/Gilberto, Ellington- Indigos, 2 of my favorite records of ALL TIME... for FREE. 
item e) a couple hits from this hobo's blunt... and I didn't get the O.Herps! 
I am bullet proof!!!!

Oh. And true story, the hobo balls incident happened in front of this spot a few years ago, so bring out your camera kiddies.
Predictably delicious soup and an unpredictable daily menu keep me coming back for more.  In the summer, when usually it's too hot for me to appreciate soup, I think of rainy days as LeDog days.  In the winter, I happily don the full suite of winter gear so I can trudge across campus to stand in line for my soup and bread.  
 
I have tried about 10 different soups here, and have loved them all. I'm sure the hot dogs are well and good, but I wouldn't know because I'm so addicted to the offerings of Ann Arbor's own soup Nazi.  Flavorful broths, generous inclusion of meat and vegetables, and always a little texture or flavor across the top.  So well done.  The lobster bisque is yummy, yeah it is.  Pay attention for when he's making cassoulet (you'll see next week's specials on the west side of the shack) because, let me tell you, this is a dish to be reckoned with.  It's on my top five foods in town list.

Caveat: His descriptions of the chili dishes should come with a heads up about the bean to other stuff ratio, because yowzers they are beany.
This place used to be better in the early 90s, but they've been in a constant decline ever since.  The last time I came here, I got bad stomach cramps and diarrhea.  The cream of broccoli looks appetizing, but it smells like urine.  The only thing that was actually tasty here was the baked goods.

When I called to complain, I was offered coupons to entice me to come back.  So they send me 35% off coupons.  REALLY?  Not even a credit for a repeat visit?  I ended up bitching enough to get gift cards for a free visit.  And let me tell you, the 3 homeless guys who got those cards were happy as could be (you thought I was going to eat here again)?
The restaurant is gorgeous. This Soup Plantation is less crowded and cleaner than the Alhambra one. The soups and salads are always fresh and the servers are polite enough to ask if you're done with your plate. It gets pretty chilly there, but if you ask, they will gladly turn off the AC for a while. I really love this Soup Plantation.
I think I'm in love....with this place.

Salad salad salad. What more can I say. For $7 I get a salad fit for 3 people with everything I could have ever wanted in it. And some fresh baked bread. This place is a wonderful Berkeley staple and makes me feel better about my eating habits. 

Cash only...but who cares. Completely worth it. Service is friendly too.
YUMMY! I really love their salads here. Their portions are HUGE, definitely enough for 1.5 to 2 meals. With a regular sized salad, you tend to get more if you eat in whereas with the tossed green salad, you get more if you get it togo.

You can't go wrong with a Veggie Delight (I get it with no beans and extra tomatoes instead). However, their half sandwich and tossed green salad combo is good, too. Each salad comes with a slice of pineapple and honey wheat bread. You should definitely get the poppyseed dressing for your salad. Noms. You can add meat to any salad for just a couple bucks and they're pretty generous with the amount of meat they give you.

Yay for healthy, refreshing meals! :)
I love this place. Fast, hot, tasty soup for $6-9 per person. The lobster bisque has huge chunks of lobster in it. I'm told they make other soups too but who cares when lobster bisque is an option? :P
Cafe Intermezzo only serves three items: sandwiches, soup, and salad which fails to reason why there is always an extremely long wait to get food. Nothing is cooked in a true restaurant sense. This is one of those restaurants where I feel like everything is controlled by hippies and I feel bad for ordering meat and anything non-soy/wheat/organic. 

Flashback to the Davis co-op: If at dinner you so much as mentioned a penchant for the taste of animal flesh they would flash you the condescending look of disgust. I was once demonstrated how instead of silverware we can use two fingers as the ultimate utensil since it is more dynamic and doesn.t need washing!

I'll cut to the chase, the sandwiches and salads are top-notch although they are massive, dare I say Dan-sized. Dan-sized is actually a misnomer since I eat like bird. I can only imagine that if I had my stomach stapled and took the limit my apetite would approach 0. 
The negative aspect of such large portions is that I feel bad leaving sizable portions on my plate left uneaten. The feeling is doubled by the palpable feeling of hippies looking over my back.

My paranoia of hippies is probably largely unfounded; I mean they've probably got better things to do than waiting to tell me how I'm ruining the earth. Wait, who am I kidding?
I got the combo with the half pastrami sandwich. I'm a big eater and still I had to take some of the salad home as I couldn't finish it. The poppyseed dressing is da bomb!!!!

I love the ambiance, quality of food, and PRICE. I wish there was a similar cafe near my neck of woods
Berkeley has always been one of THE most fascinating cities to me. Although I've been been visiting since I was five, I never tire of strolling through it's streets because I seem to stumble across something new at every corner.

Enter Cafe Intermezzo: I love it!

Should you miss out on a lunch invitation from one of Berkeley's many green-conscious denizens, Intermezzo would definitely be one of the closest consolation prizes.

There is absolutely NOTHING petite about the salads here. The salads are ridiculously GINORMOUS and are chockfull with enough fresh greens to satisfy even the most devout Tree Hugger. The kicker? I had only ordered the HALF salad. If that's not worth $5 of your hard earned cash I don't know what is.

I'm just as red blooded about my steaks, chops, and ribs as the next guy, but eating here, I could almost stomach the thought of going vegetarian....

...ALMOST....
It's ok. I mean, if you're living in a dorm and don't have a car to load up on groceries and no kitchen to make it in but you've just GOT to have soup, not calzone, pizza or fried things, this place is better than canned. It's too salty for my taste and wicked expensive, but sometimes soup is all you want, and this is the only place to get it. (same thing with the bubble tea)
The portions here are large enough to last me at least 3-4 meals but good enough to keep me going back for more. The salads here make for a guiltless yet filling meal destination. I always get the Chef Salad with Herbal Vinaigrette which comes with a thick slice of honey wheat bread (Delicious!) and a slice of pineapple. 

The staff is very accommodating to how you want to build your salad and if you ask for a little extra of something, they load it up for you. The only thing that I don't like about the place is that it is cash only which is sometimes a pain.
the price is very reasonable and the salad is delicious.  i like getting the combo because the 1/2 sandwhich is huge.
I really don't understand the hype of this place. I've been here twice, and each time I'm left unsatisfied. I distinctly remember ordering a pastrami sandwich once, and walked out with a roast beef sandwich. How the hell could they screw that up? It's a simple sandwich, and they should know what kind of meat pastrami looks like. Their salads look incredibly huge, and I probably will never be able to finish it, so I'd rather stick with the salads at GBC. 

All in all, I've experienced better places.
Sad to hear that this place is changing management and names. I really hope the food doesn't change because Intermezzo has some of the best salad choices and sandwich combos. Their poppy seed dressing is out of this world! Its light and has a tart kick that is mellowed out with a hint of a sweet after taste. I enjoy their big portions and choice of sandwich + salad combos. Although there is usually a line, it goes by fast because the workers know their shizzz and give it to you right but quick.
It's all about the W Liberty St. location, and the daily specials. If you are REALLY lucky they might have the salmon salad in the summer. Trust the signs and be adventurous, we are lucky to have this place in Ann Arbor. Cassoulet to go?
I'd prefer to give the place 2.5 stars but 3's ok.

I have been eating here since it first opened-when it was a tiny quaint little eatery. At the time I thought it was a treat to help a mom/pop place to pay a little more for the food but now, like a lot have mentioned, it's bigger and I don't feel so comfortable shelling out even MORE money for a place that I think was a bad business move. They want ME to keep them from going under by nickel and dime-ing because they don't know how to make savvy business decisions?? Eh. That's how it goes. Anyway. That IS a concern. They seem to account for EVERY single penny so devoutly it takes away from the experience. It has gotten that bad.

As for the actual food.  I really liked the VEGGIE CHILI over the turkey chili which tasted like floating pieces of cardboard in my soup.
The CAESAR SALADS are good even though they skimp majorly on the romaine.

The CHOCOLATE CAKE is AMAZING. I bought a whole one for my birthday one year.

The TOMATO BASIL is really good and I'll take souper bowl's version over Judies any day (which just tastes like canned tomato sauce with pizza spices thrown in).

Another comment is their bathrooms suck. It's an aspect of their business they also overlooked.  It really irks me when restaurants that aren't that busy have unmaintained facilities. Again, I've visited several times over the years and 98% of the time I've been disappointed by the lack of paper towels or soap or mirror or comfort. The only reason I have been satisfied is because I actually got to use the bathroom. 

I think that despite the decent soups if they were to stop being so overly and dramatically ambitious they'd get somewhere with their business. It's just too unbalanced for comfort.
everyone loves options and Princeton Soup and Sandwich Co has 'em!  my recommendations: the multi-grain roll (delicious) and definitely get a pickle (which sadly isn't included in the cost of your sandwich) (lame). 

seating is extremely limited and be careful not to sit in the chair that tore a hole in some ladies' pants while we were waiting for our carefully crafted sandwiches.  the lady was atrocious, but the super sweet staff handled it like cotton balls handling bubble wrap.  way to go, sandwich-a-teers!
After the fifth person told me about this place, I had to try it. This soup is.... amazing. I haven't tried the lobster one yet, which is what they are aparently famous for (our GEO meeting was side tracked by a 20 minute discussion on how awesome the lobster bisque is and what people would do to obtain it). The mushroom soup was fabulous, fresh and just what you want on  cold day. The dogs on the other hand, not so great. A bit rubbery, a cold bun. But really, why get a polish sausage when you can have amazing soup?  Really, why bother?
It's your run-of-the mill college lunch stop: all quantity, all bang-for-the-buck, and little much else.

Though they'll throw together a 'fresh' salad right in front of your eyes, the assembly is about as fresh as you're gonna get.  Nine times out of ten, my lettuce is wilting, browned on the edges, and in general, not too green.  Add-ins aren't noteworthy and the dressings don't impress.  However, servings are large--one saran-wrapped container that bursts open when you remove it usually lasts me a few days.

I will put in a vote for their bread--not the kind that comes with the sandwiches, but the slice they serve with your salad.
I was in town briefly to pick up my brother-in-law and bring him home for the holidays.  I've eaten a bunch of great food over the years in Ann Arbor, and figured as cosmopolitan of a small town as it is, I could trust the Yelp 4.5 stars.  4.5 stars!?!

This place was a real disappointment.  The only reason I am not giving it 1 star is because I've only been once, and I suppose it's possible something horrible happened before I got there and I like to give people the benefit of the doubt.  That said...

I am disappointed in you, Ann Arbor Yelpers!  I can imagine the stars are mostly a function of drunken stumblers, but I assumed plenty of the inebriated would be from a city with a decent enough hot dog base line to know that these hot dogs are terrible. And yes, I saw all the reviews about the lobster bisque, but I was there on a Wednesday and just figured the hot dogs had to be ok.

And were that to be it, I suppose I would be only so disappointed.  Except as a back up to the fact I didn't see anything about the dogs when quickly skimming on my phone, I asked the guy at the shack about the dogs: were they good, were they all beef, were they Vienna or some other well known high quality brand?  "Yeah, they're good" with the dismissiveness that I clearly mistook for the arrogance of one who is disappointed in a doubter (4.5 stars!?!).  I guess it was just the laziness of someone who wants to go home for the holidays.  That's cool dude, but I definitely should have chosen the noodle shop across the street.

I rarely do a review like this, but seriously Le Dog and Ann Arbor people - step your game up.  The hot dog is nearly flavorless - I'd say a 2 out of 10.  There has to be a better dog for the same cost out there for you to use, unless you are actively choosing the cheapest hot dog possible (which very well may be the case, and given that people keep reviewing you well, I guess you may be run by a MBA who got an A+ in capitalism class).

Oh, and the polish sausage, which I also ordered, is awful as well.
I wish this place accepted credit cards and had parking available because I would come here more often. I love their salads, I also love the hummus sandwich (never had hummus with mustard) so I first for me, but their salad beat anything else they sell. I love how everything is healthy and the atmosphere is so homely. This place is great to take out. I dont know why, but every time I've been there its been so dirty. People leave food on their tables and dont clean up. This is BERKELEY people, clean up your mess because .. no one else will! I'm from SoCal and I've gotten used to this ... so should you! 

Anyway, apart from that I think their food is above average and I dont have to worry about how many calories or fat their stuff has! Yaay! I've also tried their Italian sodas and they are delish :) Definitely one of my top 10 places in Berkeley :)
I LOVE THIS PLACE. You can order your salad online and they deliver it to you using an adorable little scooter. The delivery guy is pretty cute, too.

The concept is simple - pick your greens, toppings, and dressing, and they chop it up, stuff it into a container with a couple of pieces of flatbread, and voila - healthy lunch. I generally order some variation of their specialty California salad with the delicious, garlicky balsamic vinaigrette that stinks up my office. I have tried a few of their soups as well, which have been uniformly excellent - especially the Maryland crab, YUM.

Make no mistake - this place can get pricey, especially when there is delivery involved. I generally spend @$14 including delivery fee and tip when I order in. But when I get off my butt and head over to pick up my own salad, I can usually get out the door spending under $10 - you just have to watch which ingredients you put in (and avoid ordering a drink). 

Overall, it makes a great lunch option when I can't escape the office and can't bear to eat a frozen meal. The salads are HUGE and will keep you filled up until dinner time - or you can save some for later. There are a wide variety of delicious ingredients (although I suggest that they add fresh BASIL - how awesome would that be?) and interesting dressings.  Love love love.
HUGE SALADS!!

I had the chefs special, with chicken salad as the meat. Tons of lettuce, garbonzo & kidney beans, sprouts, cherry tomatoes, a huge chunk of avocado, boiled egg.. And meat! I think the salad was about $8, but it also comes with a piece of bread and a small slice of pineapple. I couldn't finish even half of it before I was full, so it's definitely filling. I didn't know about the beans though, so I'll probably take them out next time. Additionally, their chicken salad is different from what I usually think chicken salad should taste like, but I'll definitely be back to try others.
Its funny I never knew the name of this place but always use to go to get the chicken salad sandwich and salad half and half. My boyfriend and I talked about going here to eat for weeks on November 19, 2011 we drove up to Berkeley searched around for a while for a parking space and notice that the street was blocked off. We were told it was a fire in one of the buildings. So we walked around thinking that the sandwich place must be on the next block so I asked one of the officers how do we get around to the sandwich place and then that's when we found out that it was part of the building that caught fire. I was hoping that this place would just relocate to a different location by now, by no. I am sad and I miss coming here for my meals.
Intermezzo offers giant salads with a variety of toppings and dressings to choose from; similarly, they also offer sandwiches with a variety of toppings to choose from. Meat, vegetarian, and vegan are all possible. Ingrediants are fresh and tasty. What's not to love? 

The basics are done fabulously well here, hence the long lines and packed tables.

I recommend: humums sandwich, vegan sandwich, and really, any salad. 

The best part?: the wheat bread they bake! It can come on your sandwich or as a side with your salad, and it is so thick, fluffy, moist, and robust, and probably one of the best things about Intermezzo. 

My only complaint is the awkward sandwich and salad makers, who are a bit moody. Also, it can be _so_ busy sometimes,  that I just don't want to deal. It would be great if more space on Telegraph would magically appear so as to accomodate more eaters here!
Despite the fact that I'm a vegetarian and a student at Cal, I've only been here once.  The food was actually quite good, but not good enough for me to once again brave the long lines that you will find at this cafe.

I think the other reason that I've only been here once is that as a student, I'm fairly cheap, and don't eat out that often.  When I do, I'm usually aiming for something a little less healthy, and the fare at Cafe Intermezzo is bound to be healthy, all natural, and a little bit bland.  If the super healthy organic thing is what you're into though, Cafe Intermezzo is a great place.
HUGEEE chef salad with your choice of meat for only $8!! I love how they package it to-go so perfectly for you - with a slice of their honey wheat bread & a slice of pineapple. 

CASH ONLY!!!
For a museum cafe, I am incredibly impressed by the food of this place.  It has a great atmosphere and the food is always pretty good.  

My friend absolutely loves the meatloaf here and she is always wanting to get it when it's the daily special.  

I love their quick service.  If you're a museum member, you get a 10% off discount.  =)  It's nice, especially if you want a nicer place to have lunch with a friend.
Because the portions are so huge, I get a half sandwich and salad.  I get the sandwich to go and eat the salad there, then I have leftovers for another meal.

Everything that I have eaten there tastes very fresh.  The price is reasonable, considering that I am able to split my meal into two.  Definitely a Berkeley staple.
Cheap - $3.85 for a salad the size of your head. Fresh - greens, sprouts, tomatoes, cucumbers, all of it crisp and deliciously fresh. Did I mention  cheap? I forgot how great some places around campus were. Are. Continue to be. I shall return.
Finally got around to trying this place. They did NOT have the Matzo ball soup that Esther Y recommended, but maybe it's a seasonal thing. I forgot to sample the soups too, and ended up with the Green chile chicken soup and an egg salad sandwich. 

My first impression of both the soup and the sandwich was SALTY. It seems like they sprinkled extra salt on the sandwich, and the soup was quite salty too. On the other hand, it was filling and the sourdough bread was fresh and yummy.

It is really ODD that the utensils are compostable, but the lids are polypropylene. What's the point?? And with everyone taking stuff to go anyway, no one is going to compost those things because it's not like there's compost collection everywhere.

I'd give it another try, but I am strongly tempted to go to smart alec's instead, because they have CORNBREAD and plenty of seating.
i love intermezzo! HUGE salads that are fresh and filling. Highly reccommened: french onion soup, poppyseed dressing, and the God of all that is green and tasty, the Chef's Salad. It has your standard mix of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, etc, along with sprouts, avocado, garbanzo and kidney beans, hardboiled egg, croutons, your choice of meat (tuna salad, ::drool!::) and dressing. Also comes with a hunk of their dense, sweet, honey-wheat bread. Am I missing anything? I dunno..whatever. Fact is, it's the yums. And for under $7, it's a steal too.

Minus points for long lines (which I guess they can't really help..), perpetual (and inevitable) lack of seating, and the inconsistency of salad-creation between workers.
the original review below still applies but i just wanted to add a little more food for thought:

i was watching top chef DC the other day.. and tom colicchio was talking about how the worst thing you could do to a salad is to serve it in a bowl bc when you put toppings like croutons, salad dressing, nuts, fruits, whatever on it in a bowl it gets weighed down and the leaves get wilted and oversaturated with gunk.  putting it on a plate allows you to refresh the salad, move it around, throughout the meal~

and that's when i thought.. i need to add an update to my dressed review.
six bucks for a sandwich is not unbelievably affordable, believe it or not. but it's worth every cent! they make you very generous portions of food. you could probably feed your family with one sandwich. i had a blt and it was pretty good.
I like Dressed a lot.  Yes, it's relatively expensive compared to some other options.  However, I love the ability to customize my salad or wrap.  I've never gotten anything that was not top quality.  I love a delicious salad that I didn't have to make!  The online ordering is a big plus for lunch time.
Huge salads and very cheap prices mean some of the biggest bang for your buck you can get for lunch.

The Veggie Delight salad is the famous one, and it never ceases to amaze me just how big it is! Really incredible. But it's pretty good. Even though I was never able to completely finish one, I still always leave feeling completely satisfied and guilt-free.
First of all... if you're ANYWHERE in the neighborhood, it's completely worth stopping by...

You will NOT leave this place hungry.... HUGE salads (and I understand that I'm using a lot of caps in this review... it's because the portions are HUGE...)

I have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed... excellent sandwiches... great salads... fresh ingredients... low cost... the best food deal in the Bay Area. 

How do they do it?... I'm not sure but my guess: VOLUME.
The marinated tofu is incredible (and I'm not vegetarian), try it on the chef salad for a $7.20 lunch for two.
I love the chef style salad they have here. It is big, fresh and perfect. Normally when I order a chef salad from a restaurant, I need to order a sandwich on the side to fill me up. The chef salad here is actually a meal itself. The hard boiled egg that was in the salad was pretty tasty too, and I don't even like eggs. The first time I came here it was with a friend, but when I'm back in Berkeley this will be on my list of places to visit.
Great places usually always stay great.  But since the last time I went to Intermezzo, it has only gotten better.  This has been my go to spot throughout high school and college.  I haven't been here since I went to Cal, but my excursion here yesterday showed me how much I missed the place.

The unbeatable chef's salad is large enough for two people at $6.75.  Only the freshest, highest quality ingredients are in the salad.  Piles of chicken/tuna, avocado, and hard boiled egg always top off the large pile of greens, beans, and alfalfa sprouts.  Where else do you come for JUST for the salad? The sandwiches and soups are also unbeatable.  And their house bread is just something you can't get anywhere else.
I feel like this place is overpriced for just a tiny cup of soup. I got the tomato bisque the last time I went (only because I had a coupon) and it wasn't anything special - just straight up tomato-flavored soup with nothing else. 

I've also heard from my friends that the clam chowder, southwestern corn chowder, chicken noodle soup, or any other kind of soup they have there just tastes like the soups you can get at the dining commons or the golden bear cafe on campus - so again, nothing special.

But I guess the only good part is that the service is quick and you get a free piece of bread with your purchase of soup! But the pieces usually aren't even that big though.. whatever. Well overall it's not very filling for a meal... but then again maybe my appetite is just too huge....
for food, this place is great.  fresh salads that are huge, great sandwiches and nice soups.  the agua fresca is, as one of the cashiers put it, the bomb.

for service, this place is horrid.  who the hell gave this people the license to be crabby!  they all have the same look of dread on their faces and their attitude stinks as badly as all the crazy homeless people wandering telegraph ave...
Souplantion is well... Souplantation. You get what you expect and that's not a bad thing in this case.

Souplantation essentially houses a massive salad bar, a number of soups, a couple different types of pizza and pasta, and a soft serve ice cream bar with fixings... within this you have some seasonal selections that come and go each year as they infuse some asian, latin, or european recipe into their buffet menu.

I personally love their asian chicken salad and the other stuff is decent too. It's a good value for the money only if you can score a 2 for 1 coupon from their website in my opinion.

Tables are semi-waited upon once your seated. By that I mean someone will usually come by to bus your used plates. Their often quite friendly and willing to be helpful.

Bonus: Go for dinner and they usually offer fresh baked chocolate chip cookies. Yummy.
Quite simply, the best soups I've consistently had from anywhere. Jules and Mickey remember their customers, have superior quality all the time, and are real-deal local people. That soup would be 15$ at a nice sit-down restaurant.
If you had any allergy avoid this place, since it will had all kinds of vegetable and nuts.

The quality of soup and pasta is worse than the Alhambra one.  The soup contain MSG ! and most of the soup isn't good made look like more from the cans.  


Just let you know that his restaurant has Samollia bacteria outbreak few year ago, over 100 of customer got sick.
Price is good with coupon and this area.  best is the buy 1 get 1 coupon, which is about $14 and some cents for 2 people with 2 drink.  

Salad is good and is variety of them.
can they make up their mind about what their name is? i mean it was intermezzo, then cafe mattina, and after a few months it's intermezzo again. what in the world is up with that?!

anyhow. i *heart* intermezzo. everything is super fresh and super yummy. the boy and i like to stop here for a quick lunch when we are wanting something super fresh and quick (we like to take it to go and eat it at the park or something though, since it tends to get kind of crowded in here with cal kids during the lunch rush).

he likes the green salad with the herbal vinaigrette. i love the roast beef sandwich (ask them to go easy on the horseradish though, they sometimes put an insane amount on your sandwich), and will sometimes get a half sandwich/half soup depending on what soup they have that day. i used to get some kick-ass tomato bisque here, but i haven't seen them serve it in a really, REALLY long time. what happened to it? that stuff was BOMB. i tend to get french onion if they have it - it comes with a little piece of toast with melted cheese that you can dunk in your soup. yum :)

the best part about intermezzo though - the bread!!! so, so delicious. it's perfectly sweet and wheaty and just delicious. loooooooove.

i'd give this place 5 stars but there is one girl who ALWAYS seems to get something about our orders wrong, which is kinda annoying.
Didn't know this many people paid for bird food: salads. 

I personally liked the set up of the place, but also felt like 3/4 of the restaurant was missing. The actual food buffet. 

It's really hard for me to review places like these because what am I going to compare to? The leaves at Souplantation were greener than the salad bar at Sizzlers? 

Honestly, the only thing I remember was the Dreyer's ice cream. Now, that was on point!
this place is quality with a capital k. this week i finished one of their  veggie delight salads for the first time. i have started them many times, but i actually finished it this time and boy did i need it!  its a great salad in both size, taste, and quality. also, they mix it all up for you and they don't put too much dressing in. 

i know lots of people love the sandwiches, but come on...that bread was not meant for sandwiches.  a lot of people have told me that i have a big mouth and i can barely fit the sandwiches in because the bread is so freakin' thick. bread on the side of the salad, ok... but the sandwiches are ridiculous. and don't tell me to take the sandwich apart to eat it...that's not a sandwich.
There's hardly been a salad bar that hasn't been my friend. Perhaps until now. 

Dressed offers a million options for combination, which I appreciate. The toppings looked fresh, the dressings were copious and varied, and the atmosphere was perhaps a little sterile, but, hey; what do you really need with your salad? It's a little pricey, but apparently there's some standard in play. Try going to Doc Greens or the salad bar at Whole Foods for under $9 or $10.

All that said, I'm not sure what happened. I ordered some spinach, some chick-peas, some roasted pepper, mushrooms, a nondescript vinaigrette...all seemed well. Until I started eating. About halfway through, I could tell something was very wrong. Three minutes in, it just stopped tasting good. Three minutes later, an unsettling fullness rumbled through me. Three hours later, I was praying to the porcelain god. My lunch companions had no adverse affects, but none of them ordered the spinach (that's the only thing I can glean). Regardless, something was definitely up with my salad. 

I love make-your-own salad places SO much, I want to give this place another go. But, you know how it is. A place makes you sick, and it's just hard to go back. We'll see.
I love Intermezzo. 

I love their Veggie Delight salad. It's absolutely ginormous, so I recommend splitting it (or getting it to go). Very fresh veggies-- it always makes me feel good after I eat one. (I sometimes wish it came with onions, but I think it's pretty perfect in itself)

I also like getting the half salad/half sandwich (or soup) deal. Yum.

Their salads come with a pretty big hunk of their homemade honey wheat bread. It is to die for. So dense and so delicious.
You can get a whole loaf for $5.75! I buy them, freeze half, and enjoy several week's worth of great homemade sandwiches.
I'm usually not a big fan of clamcakes, but I really like these here. They even offer chourico clamcakes. They also offer three kinds of "chowder" but we all know the only kind of chowder is the white, thick kind. Everything else is merely "soup". 

The food here is really good and a good value for a clamshack. I've been to Blount's three times now for lunch. The first time was an utter horror show. 35 minutes to get the special, 3 clamcakes and chowder. No excuse for that. We were told they were shorthanded that day. C'mon, 11% unemployment, you should have staff waiting for a call-in. The second time I went, I ordered the same thing and had my order in less than 5 minutes. Outstanding. The third time I went, it took about 10 minutes. When you are a CLAM SHACK and your lunch special is 3 clamcakes and chowder, it shouldn't take 10 minutes to get these things out the door. C'mon Blount's. I give them at least a 4 for food but a 2 for service. Average a 3. Pick up the pace.
My favorite lunch place in Berkeley.  Awesomely fresh salads with huge sandwiches.  The absolute best part?  The honey wheat bread.  Never have I had sandwich bread bring me to my knees as this place has.

Highly recommend the roast beef sandwich!
Yeah, yeah it's a chain.

Yeah, yeah it's a friggen Souplantation for goodness sake.

Yeah, yeah it shut down last summer due to a Shigella outbreak and 30 cases of people getting sick.

Shigella shmigella! 

I double checked with the City of Pasadena's site before I went here last week and they've cleaned up their act. I have to say that I really enjoyed my lunch here. I hadn't been here in a couple years and I just remember it not being that great and just blah. I was actually dragged here against my will due to a co-worker's birthday pick but I'm glad he picked this place because everything I tried was a pleasant surprise. 

They've got some mighty tasty pre-made salads and all the fixins you could want to go with. The pastas and cream based soups can be a bit tasteless and bland, but stick to the salads and breads and you'll be a happy piggy like I was.

My favorites:  

a broccoli-bacon concoction that had me making yummy noises the whole time I was there
Wonton Chicken Happiness salad - crunchy and delish
cornbread muffins smothered with the honey whip! (I would come here just for this.)
chocolate muffins that taste like brownies
homemade chocolate chip cookies (a baker's dozen for $1.99)
and of course the frozen yogurt station!

I really wanted to try the Cherry Chipotle Spinach salad but they were out at the time and in the process of making some more. I didn't get a chance to head back because I was with my co-workers aka on my best AYCE behavior. Lunch was nine bucks. I think dinner is a few more. I think it's worth it.

I'm going to need to go back with a Yelper so I can pig out in a more satisfactory fashion and get my money's worth.

.
While I'm not a big salad eater, I do get one every now and then and this is the place I go for them.  They're huge.  I mean really huge, personally I think that when someone orders one, they should put half into a to go container before it gets brought out to save time.  I'm not sure if I've ever seen anyone actually finish a salad from here on their own.
They have a great selection of salads, soups, and sandwiches. You walk up to the counter and you can either order a simple serving or can do half orders. The best part is that a salad (which comes with a large side of bread) will last you 2-3 meals. I recommend going for lunch and storing the remainder for dinner and lunch the following day. The poppyseed dressing rocks!

WARNING: The 4 stars were given because this place is a cash only establishment!
Not as good as some, the muffins were hard, the dressing on the Chinese chicken salad not mixed in that well.  It is big compared to many of their stores, but not run as well as most locations.
So very, very sad.  This was my go-to salad place on the east bay.  Anyone have any suggestions for vegan friendly salads (I know that sounds weird but can be hard to find).  I shall miss you Intermezzo!!
Absolutely horrible. My boyfriend and I went to Dressed for the first time. First of all it took 20 minutes for the girl to make a salad, a smoothie, and a sandwich. She was very rude and there wasn't any other customers there. (There never seems to be.) I got my pb&j smoothie and it tasted like watery peanut butter. As soon as we got back to our condo we opened the sandwich. It was the wrong one. We surely will never be going back here despite how close we live.
I've been coming here since I was a pizza-faced goth snot in highchool.  It was the perfect food to grab and smuggled into Cafe Milano when we were studying for finals.  And if you get the Veggie Delight salad for takeout, you've got food for a couple days, easily.

I've never found the salads to be imbalanced, really.  For some reason I always have the great luck of the avocado half being just fine, there being enough kidney and garbanzo beans, there being enough carrot and cuke and tomato and sprouts and let's not forget the croutons.

Sound advice though, commit it to memory: get the dressing on the side.  I always get the bleu cheese dressing.  Good stuff, Maynard.  But get it on the side, otherwise the dread-locked guy or gal who is carrying on a conversation w/ his or her best friend in line behind you is going to drown the salad, and the croutons will be doing the backstroke and spitting dressing up at you, when you unravel the miles of plastic wrap and crack open the takeout container.
Salad lovers take note: Dressed is NO Mixt Greens*, not even close.

The interior is classed up and a sign near the entrance says there's free wifi so Dressed has a few things going for it.

I ordered the Southwest Chicken salad and it lacked flavor. Considering that it included corn, jalapenos, avocado and fresh mozzarella this is a bit hard to believe. The "flat bread" served with the salad was more like a whole wheat tortilla. Fine, if you're into that, and I guess technically "flat" bread, but I think I'd rather have bread bread.

Dressed uses a rather violent chopping implement to "mix" the ingredients of your salad together on top of a cutting board. I might recommend they try a bowl and some spring tongs.

All in all, Dressed is a place worth checking out if you're in Midtown and in the mood for a salad but it's not a spot I'd come rushing over for.

*Mixt Greens, http://www.yelp.com/biz/mixt-greens-san-francisco
I went there for lunch for the first time today and had the Southwest Chicken Salad, which was delicious.  The round shaped egg white balls were interesting.  Huge bowl portion, which I had to take the rest home.  

Love the decor (chairs and lighting), plenty of seating inside.  Very fresh ingredients!  Lots of custom salad choices, many different combinations you can create.

The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is b/c I didn't know they bring the salad to your table when they are done making it, and I was standing in line waiting for mine, and it turned out that it was already ready and sitting on the counter by itself.

I would definitely go again.
This place FUCKIN ROCKS!  Im not even a vegan or a hippy and its still down right awesome!  They have the BIGGEST salads ever full of all types of good shit!!  The sandwiches are absolutely to die for, so huge, so much meat, so much goodness. 

ANYWAY go here.  I dont care who you are you'll love it!!
The Turkey Reuben sandwich is excellent.  I like most of the soups, especially the lentil, seafood and stew types.
Good amount of green salads, dressings, and toppings. +1 star

Great variety of soup. My favorite was the cream potato soup. Yum!  +1 star

The chocolate muffin looked oh so tasty. I stopped myself from having a bite because I knew it would go straight to my hips. +1 star

Parking was free too. Maybe that's because we arrived at 11am. +1 star

The sun room was cold! AC was on full blast and I'm surprised I didn't get a cold from it -1 star
Keeping rating at 4 stars, although tempted to lower it to 3.

The salads here are absolutely huge; definitely the biggest salads I've ever seen at a restaurant. My friend told me an interesting tip last night, so I thought I'd share it with everyone:

1. The salads are so big you can share it comfortably between two, or even three, people. "Cheapest meal in Berkeley," as he put it.
2. You can skip the line and put a quarter in their tip jar, and they'll give you bread ends, which come from their daily batch of fresh home-made bread.
Intermezzo sells one of my all time favorite tofu sandwiches, and I love their half sandwich/soup or half sandwich/salad combos (I have decision making problems and always opt for samplers/tasters/combos rather than full portions - meaning i'd prefer tapas-style for almost anything). The tofu's slightly over-marinated by itself but with the thick honey wheat bread, sprouts, tomatoes, etc, it makes for a delicious and satisfying meal. 

I also like the variety of soups they have. Recently tried the thai chicken noodle soup with udon noodles - interesting since the udon seemed to have stewed for a long time and gotten mushy, but was still surprisingly satisfying. 

As a final note, I knew someone who used to hang outside Intermezzo and swoop in on unfinished sandwiches or mondo salads when they were short on cash. I have no opinion. I'm just saying. Oh college.
So this is a veggie lovers dream, and a neat freak's nightmare. The food is large in quantity, decent for salad (then again how does one mess up a salad?!) and not  too bad in terms of service, they do get you your food quickly. HOWEVER, sometimes the method of prep is suspect I cannot lie. My suggestion? Don't look and you'll be in ignorant bliss.
Blounts is a great addition to the Providence eating scene.  Good food, reasonably priced. Until now, the only place to get fried clams was Horton's over in East Providence and you know how you Rhode Islander's don'tlike to travel! Horton;s still has a better clam roll. Blount's was a bit tough and I actually had to spit a few pieces out but the place is so neat and clean and the service is so great that I keep coming back. Great soups and the soup bar is perfect.  And to the reviewer  who commented that only minor changes had been made in the space since it was the late lamented Stanley's- are  you nuts? This place has had a complete renovation and it looks sparkling new!
Intermezzo used to be my favorite salad place, however since they changed ownership a few years ago it has been ok... They seem to never put enough dressing in my salad and them make me pay extra for it. 

Ok, I guess it sounds like I don't like them now, but I really do! I have been eating here for over 5 years and their food is great. They have huge salads that will fill up even the biggest manly man! The first time I took my husband here, he said to me "a salad place, no way are we going there for dinner!"  He no goes there without me all the time when he is in Berkeley!  Their poppy seed dressing is the best in my opinion! I also love their bread which is usually fresh and whole wheat. Try them out!

The Vegi Delight Salad is great!!!
I know everyone else has posted about the lobster bisque, but I'm eating it as I type and it's BLOWING MY MIND. Especially good with the 1/2 loaf of Zingerman's bread you can buy for $1. The soup is a good size - 16oz., and it has actual, succulent lobster meat in it! I died and went to heaven. My turkey frank was pretty "meh," but this soup has changed my life. I'll be going back and checking out their other soups!
The freshest, most generous salad I've ever had, at very good prices. Usually, you're still hungry after eating a salad. Not here, you'll be filled to the brim. The Chef Salad with a choice of sandwich meat is excellent, loaded with kidney beans, chickpeas, half avocado, and fresh cherry tomatoes are the highlights. Unfortunately, I rake out the croutons and avoid the bread to keep carbs low.

A great meal to get lots of protein after a tough workout.

Update 16-Dec-2011: Very sad that it's closed from the fire. Damage to the building was extensive as it's impossible to walk by it. Hope they re-open.
I love this place. I doubt that once I move away from the area, I could find another place that serves greater salads. The portions are extremely large, the prices are cheap and everything tastes so fresh :). Their POPPY SEED dressing is sooooo good. Their BLT's on the honey wheat bread is tasty too!
Public Health Department is investigating an outbreak of a bacteria called Shigellosis that has been linked to this location from July 22 through July 24.

Shigella is a bacteria that causes severe runs. Like running in circles, but leaving a bad ass smell behind you. It can also cause fever and abdominal cramps. This bacteria can pass from one infected person to the next, often through stool or soiled fingers. For more info, call the City of Pasadena PHD @ (626) 744-6012.

It's best to always wash your hands, otherwise, you'll get the shits. Or you can avoid Shitgella Plantation all together.
I love grabbing lunch there. Only been twice, but the summer is young and I hope to be there more often! I always get whatever that turkey sando is, but on the fresh loafs they make. So delicious. I never feel over stuffed or hungry, very content. 

It's slightly overcrowded, but its not to hard to find a seat, may I suggest the window, perfect for the most amusing people watching session of your life!

If you get the sando on a loaf, get lots of napkins and wipe your face often, lots of baking flower left on them so you might look like a cocaine fiend otherwise. ha!

1 star docked:
-cash only. (who carries cash?)

-don't get the fresh pineapple punch. my boyfriend had it and the way he described it was that he needed a spoon not a straw to enjoy it.
CASH ONLY. I really wanted to love Cafe Intermezzo because the ingredients seem fresh, and they have a lot of vegetarian options, BUT:

- It seems dirty. If your restaurant is dirty, who knows about the cleanliness/sanitation of food prep. . . .
- There was a roach crawling up the wall right next to our table. Ew.

As for the food itself, the salads are HUGE & have lots of great fresh ingredients.

Their housemade Honey Wheat bread isn't that great (not very flavorful, sweet, or distinctive) - I'd suggest getting your sandwich on a different bread option, like Ciabatta.

My BLTA (BLT with avocado) was tasty - bacon was nice and crunchy.

At 12pm on a Sunday, there was a line out the door, but it moves decently fast & they make the food right away, so once you order, you should be shoving food in your mouth within 2 minutes.

Next time I come here, I might just do take-out... IF I decide to return. Parking is horrible in this area & I can still picture that gross little roach crawling up the wall. Shudder.
I stop by Pino's a few times a week because I work at a nearby High School. Pino is the sweetest, most hardworking guy. Somehow even at the busiest times he gets your order filled quickly, smoothly, and with a smile. Definitely try the hot lunch (Pino makes killer crab cakes and bbq chicken) or the salad bar! Great prices to boot!
I'm super disappointed that I moved a distance away from this place right after it opened. Always a few vegan/vegetarian options, and you can check out their rotating selection on their website. Their bread options are nice too. Haven't tried the salads yet.
Ehh. I was super stoked to come here since it's been a long long time and I was let down! The portions were huge, but the taste was bland. I got a pastrami sandwich, maybe that was a bad choice, and it didn't taste like much, but the bread was super delicious. The salad was also okay. I got the poppyseed dressing but it didn't have a lot of flavor. I will come back here again though. I've got hope for this place.
I especially like their Thai coconut curry soup and choices of vegetarian sandwiches. Humongous slices of honey wheat bread, almost certainly a full meal whatever sandwich you choose. Always a long line at lunchtime.
I needed a place in Midtown to grab a bite and do some work.  Dressed has signs in the window saying "free wifi" but doesn't have any outlets.  For that reason alone, I doubt I'll be back.  This might be a little petty of me, but I figure it's useful information for others like me...
I loooooove salad! So of course I love all souplantations. But i especially like this one on Lake Ave. It's much nicer and has way better service. The parking isn't too bad depending on what time you go but then again it is Pasadena you'll always have to search for parking. The theme of April is pucker up so their specialty items of the month are all lemon-e the sunny lemon salad is delicious! The lemon pasta is also very good for the few first bites but the after taste becomes a little too much after awhile. But overall it was satisfying and I'll defintely be back! =]
Can you say value?!!! Monster salads for about $5, great sandwiches, and delicious fresh bread too. This is what all college towns should have...top notch eats for little green...Palo Alto are you listening?
Why don't we have salads and sandwiches like this is San Francisco? There's a lot of other yummy food in Berkeley too, but I what I always miss most is Intermezzo.  I love getting greens with poppy seed dressing and then hanging out on campus, pretending I'm skipping some class or another.  Just like the good ole days.  

Maybe if Intermezzo didn't exist, I wouldn't have had as much reason to just hang out and eat.  Maybe I would've gone to more of my classes.  Maybe my grades would've been better.  Maybe I'd be a millionaire by now because of the awesome job I would've gotten due to those stellar grades.  Damn you, Intermezzo!  Damn you.
One of the best cafes in Berkeley, and sad to learn this placed is not closed.  I will miss the large salads with the house poppy seed dressing.
if you're in the mood to eat like a rabbit, go to cafe intermezzo for their gargantuan salads and uber healthy sandwiches.

consider sharing the salad.  seriously.  it's A LOT of green.
Escaped work for a quick lunch at this place a few weeks back.  I had the fish and chip and my co-worker had the soup bar.  The fish was fresh and cooked to order with a nice batter.  The soup bar had a combo of 5-6 soups for a reasonable price.  All in all, a nice addition to the 'hood.
So I live in LA.  But I used to live in Davis.  And I used to go to 924 Gilman and shop at Amoeba and such because of the lack of stuff in Davis.  Which is how I found Intermezzo.

Every time I am near Berkeley in any capacity I go to Intermezzo.  It has the best, cheapest, bottomless salads.  It has the best bread.  It has the best soups.  It has some employees who are grumpy.  But that's okay because it has the best, cheapest, bottomless salads.  And you get to watch the sometimes grumpies make the salads so they can't spit in yours if you piss them off by asking for extra kidney beans.
It's really new and everyone there is trying to make their food better. It's so adorable. The manager tells everyone about their "beef" and gives you a sample of chili... which is really good btw! My bf got the fire roasted chicken panini which he really enjoyed and I got a turkey club wrap w/ a spinach tortilla. That was good also. 

But they ran out of sweet potato fries! Boo The bar fries were fine, kinda meh, but they're baked and not oily at all, which is a plus. 

One of the guys working had us try his broccoli and cheese soup which he was working on and wanted our opinion. Awwww how cuteeee. I like how they're trying to hear what ppl think about their food so they can constantly improve. 

Wait here is probably a little longer than you would expect for a fast-er food place like this, so if you don't have at least 15 minutes I'd go somewhere else.
You'll get sick of it after your third time but if you want bottomless soup, salad, and meatless everything this is where you wanna be.

Remember back in college you'd make like a gallon of spaghetti for $4 to last you the week? Yeah, that's how their pasta tastes.

I think it's funny how their buffet salad has additional chicken for an additional price. But the rest of the salad is good and their baked goods aren't half bad: brownies, sourdough, squaw bread, muffins, etc.
Be aware of moldy breads! I'm a regular here, but not anymore. I'm afraid to come back. 

Souplantation prides itself on fresh food, so why was there mold on their oat wheat bread? When we told the supervisor/manager, there was no sense of urgency on resolving the situation. 

I'm not complaining for a free meal or anything. I think I make enough money to afford a $10 salad buffet, but I was worried about the well-being of all the customers who are mislead by their "ALL YOU CAN EAT HEALTHY  FRESH ALTERNATIVE" 

Are you kidding me? I see people stuff their faces with the breads, soups, and pasta... I've done that myself, I don't walk out of the place feeling better about myself that I ate healthy, I walk out of there without the ability to breathe normally and I can't suck in my gut anymore. 

Also, if you don't trust my review, look at how some of the coworkers recycle the pasta when its been under the heat lamp for awhile. They put the left overs into pot and tried to mask it with additional sauces... YUCK! 

Try your luck at the Alhambra one, but definitely not the Lake one!
I had high hopes for this place because there just aren't many heatlhy lunch options in this neighborhood, but after giving Pino's a shot I'm pretty disappointed. My salad is wilted, the croutons are soggy, and the cup of gazpacho I bought is overwhelmingly salty and kinda reminds me of really thick V-8. Bleh. I guess I'll have to keep looking around for a better lunch deal.

I do agree with Tiffani that Pino is really nice, though. I'm sorry that his food is not better because I would love to keep giving him my business.
No. 
The place is way over priced. The bubble tea sucks- the tapioca wasn't cooked right and the taste was off. I came in during a really slow time and they didn't bother to wipe down the tables. There were employees watching TV when I came in, and all the tables and seats were covered in crumbs and litter.
Ordered a chicken panini, and I got this uncut, super thin sandwich made from circular flatbread- like pita but much tougher.  It came out too hot to touch so I let it sit for a minute. The top piece of bread was rock hard, but when I lifted it up, all the chicken and cheese fell out through the bottom because it was so soggy. Ate the whole thing with a fork. I didn't care too much that it didn't come out cut, or that it wasn't really panini looking, or that it was hot- but I shouldn't eat sandwiches with a fork.

I'll come back here (maybe) for the red velvet cake, because I find it hard to resist red velvet cake, and perhaps I'll grab a bowl of soup, but I'm probably setting myself up for disappointment.
There are a lot of things I like about Dressed. The ease of ordering online. Their quick delivery. The many possible ingredients for your salad. However, the most recent time I was in, I was made to feel like a bad customer, even though I'd done nothing wrong. It was very unpleasant, and definitely didn't make me want to return anytime soon...

I'd had their salads several times before to-go, and had always enjoyed them. This time I decided to eat in, and got a cup of coconut soup as well. It tasted off to me, and I complained. They gave me a different soup instead, which was mediocre. Then I realized I'd been charged for a bowl of soup rather than a cup, so I had to complain again. The manager did not seem pleased...in those situations I feel the management should definitely try to make the customer feel they are justified and admit their mistake, but they did no such thing.

So anyway. Good salads, iffy service.
huge salads, filling sandwiches.  I like their poppyseed dressing a lot.  The bread they use for their sandwiches is great...so soft and moist.  It's funny how they wrap everything up in saran wrap.  It makes me laugh. I don't know why.
Mmm New England Clam Chowder and bread bowl... I must say, San Francisco Soup Company has disappointed me a few times by running out of the bread bowl. Though they're clam chowder is consistently gooood, I am oftentimes sad when all they have is one piece of stale sourdough left, or only wheat bread, which very much ruins the meal for me. Three stars for satisfying my clammy cravings, an extra .5 stars for doing it better than anyone else in Berkeley, but not nearly four stars for all the times I suffered for their lack of decent bread. And kudos to the super friendly servers/cashiers!
This place is a Berkeley institution and I hope it always will be. I love, love, love their Veggie Delight salad and I'm pretty sure this is the largest salad that I've ever seen in my life! Filled with garbanzo & kidney beans, avocado, sprouts, carrots, cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and croutons, this is a great way to get your daily fill of veggies and barely leave a dent in your wallet because it's super cheap. My favorite dressings are herbal vinaigrette and poppyseed but I'd probably recommend getting the dressing on the side because they tend to give you a ton of dressing and on my last visit, my salad was practically swimming in it.  If you wanted to split this salad, that would be a good idea too because it is way more than one person could eat and I always have lots of leftovers. I heart Cafe Intermezzo!
I avoided this place for a year after hearing they were allegedly temporarily shut down due to a mass outbreak of foodborne illnesses. But a student I was tutoring insisted he treat him there so I said, "what the heck!" 

It was no greater or no worse than the other soup plantations I've visited. Nothing to really write home about. Great salads, though no organic. Great soups, though they contain hardly any meats. Lukewarm muffins and brownies. Mediocre frozen yogurt and the worst fruit and pudding you'll ever encounter. 

Still, it forces many people to eat their veggies and they do a fair few things right. So I continue to go there from time to time. 

I'm dying to try their Sunday Brunch!
The red and black bean chili was spicy, and rich but not too salty.  I liked it.
 
The side salad was too leafy for my taste (I prefer more 'other stuff,' like nuts and cheese, mixed in).  But the serving was enormous, the vinaigrette was evenly distributed, and the croutons packed an intense, well-seasoned punch. 
 
They get extra points for playing Radiohead.
Went here for the third time in my four years in Berkeley this week; had the salad and half sandwich combo, $6.25 inc. tax. My green salad was indeed huge; I finished it but I'd prefer something more sensibly sized with slightly yuppier lettuce. For what it was, it was pretty good: vinaigrette was refreshing if one-dimensional (that dimension being vinegar), croutons were distractingly stocky. The turkey in my sandwich was undistinguished. The honey wheat was fresh and better than the bread at any other sandwich place around here I can think of, and not nearly as good as the bread at any number of local bakeries. Where's the closest sandwich place that uses Acme or similar?
I definitely need to come back here!  Jennifer recommended that I get the salads.  Awesome, awesome choice!  Lewis and I grabbed a table here around 1 on a Saturday.  Once I started to order my food, a line started to form out the door.  

We tried the veggie delight salad with poppy seed dressing and a tuna salad sandwich.  Very hearty and super fresh!  Paid about $15 for lunch.  The portions are huge!  Sharing is caring :).

CASH ONLY!
If you eat here, get either the Mandarin Chicken Salad with Oriental Sesame dressing, or get the Autumn Harvest Salad (Turkey, craisins, sunflower seeds, corn, carrots, apple chip) with the Lite Raspberry VInaigrette.
Very friendly staff, though the prices for a salad (7.49-8.49) can be pricey for college students
I'm glad that I had a chance to revisit Intermezzo during my last trip to the Bay Area.  As Cal alums, my childhood friend and I were doing our annual walk down memory lane.  She figured this was an appropriate place to reminisce and I'm glad she chose it.

Everything was as fresh and flavorful as I remember.  My strawberry lemonade had the perfect balance of sweetness and acidity.  The turkey in my sandwich did not taste processed at all.  There was just enough mayonnaise on the thick slices of bread.  My only complaint was that the bread was a little too crunchy for it not having been toasted.

I didn't have a salad this time, but had a taste of my friend's ranch dressing concoction.  It was good, but I still think they need to dry their veggies a little bit more so that the dressing can adhere to the lettuce.

Now I regret that I didn't frequent Intermezzo that often.
I never wrote a review of Intermezzo, but I loved it so since I first went in 1995.  Nothing ever changed, just the way I liked it.  The veggie delight was always a delight, as a Mills student, years ago, and as a great excuse to return to Berkeley ever since.  The poppyseed dressing was like no other.  The honey wheat bread was delicious.  It was relatively healthy food that I could afford on work study as a college student, as a poor ex-student paying off loans, and always comfort food.  

I will hope there is an opportunity for Intermezzo to return, to rebuild the business somewhere nearby.  When it does, I will happily join you all in a really long line for crack dressing on salad.
This place boasts long lines and my husband and I have been meaning to try it so we decided to tonight.

As expected there was a bit of a line and while browsing the menu, we noticed there weren't too many salad options. I was expecting a better list of toppings on the few salads they did have, however, several of the ingredients consisted of beans and basic salad entries. So we decided to forgo the salad and got a half cup of soup with a sandwich. I got an egg salad sandwich (OK but nothing special) and a cup of the thai chicken soup (really, there was nothing "Thai" about it.) I was expecting some lemongrass broth but it seemed like regular chicken vegetable with a lime thrown in. My hubby got tomato soup and a roast beef half sandwich, again, not too impressive. We both had the agua fresca's which would have been good if they were colder but seemed only luke warm.

I'm sorry guys, I love that the place is natural and uses mostly organic ingredients but as far as salads go, I prefer a wider choice, to include BEETS and Bell Peppers at the very least and NO beans. That's why I still love going to Pluto's in the city for salads or Sweet Tomatoes in Fremont. 

For me, Cafe Intermezzo was just OK and I may even try it again sometime, however, I just wasn't feelin' it as much.
Man OH MAN! Biggest lobster roll I've ever SEEN! the GIANT is no joke!

A friend and I went to Rhode Island, just for this place. Only this place. We traveled here for their infamous lobster roll. In all brutal honesty, it was a bit dry. Might needed a bit more butter. But! If you wanted lobster in its natural steamed state, bare and free of condiments, THIS is pretty close. As I quote from the menu, "1/2 pound of lobster chunks lightly tossed in our homemade dill sauce, served on an extra-long grilled roll with fries & cole slaw. Lobster as pure as you can get." They're just on POINT. For $19.95, it was awesome. If it was sold in NYC, the price would be offensive.  

We added a side of fried scallops, 3 clam cakes and a small order of lobster bisque. Delicious. Pure fried goodness. 

After all that, my friend decided on entering their Clam Cake contest which was happening the same day of our visit. These clam cakes are delicious, buttery savory cakes to slowly nibble on as you watch the waves of the RI water. This contest which was to eat as many as you can in 10 minutes and it was hard to watch. I'm sure it was also hard to swallow. My friend managed to gulf down 5 glorious cakes and came in last place.

The people in Blount Clam Shack were such sweethearts! Very hospitable. Very family oriented. We loved that the children, were actually playing and not glued to an iphone. We left with so much Blount swag including t-shirts, baseball caps, insulated tote bag, beer coolers and a book to celebrate the contest - it was like we were walking Blount ADs. 

Blount Clam Shack is definitely a place to return to.
I love the idea of this place (nice big salads, veg food, good prices) which is why I have eaten here many times even though I get VIOLENTLY ILL each time I do.  The salads look good but I swear they put something in the food that makes me really sick.

I used to work near this place and just the smell by would send me into a nauseous tailspin.  I am surprised it's always so busy because I know a lot of other people who have experienced this unpleasant phenomenon with Intermezzo.  I swore the place off some time ago.

Incidentally, I believe the staff is on a bi-monthly bathing schedule.  Not clean.
Pluses:  
*Huge portions.
*Decent prices.
Cons:  
*Over-rated.  The food is average.  The focaccia is passable.  The honey wheat bread looked good but my bf said my homemade honey molasses wheat bread is better.
*My bf had to tell them how to make a vegetarian sandwich vegan!  This is Berkeley...are you kidding me?
*The tofu marinated sandwich was WAY too salty.  I thought I was going to die of thirst later that evening.
*They only take cash.
*The line is long.
Soup has to be the most underrated comfort food. Think about it, it's food enrobed in a warm velvety liquid richness that can be sipped or slowly eaten.

"Why hasn't anyone done this before?," was the first thought I had when I got here. A bar with 5 rotating varieties of soup is the centerpiece of this operation. All you can eat, with stuffies or anything else. Or pair up the soup with a sandwich or salad.
Trying to sample all the varieties of soup can be fun itself. I tried the bacon and scallop, corn chowder, shrimp and black bean and chicken tortilla just in one sitting. No soup Nazis here. Eat as much as you want to.

The seafood evokes the greasy saltiness (the good kind) of the beach in summer. My clam strip roll was delicately breaded and lightly fried as were the accompanying fries. The food tastes great and paired with the soup, you can't leave here unsatisfied.

Some minor quibbles: Although I love the soup bar, getting a mug can be a little dicy. It's unclear where you're supposed to put the lid and the sneezeguard prevents proper maneuvering of the spoon to get the soup into your mug.

Although I enjoyed my fried seafood sandwich, it felt a little batter heavy. Despite being able to taste the clam, it was the batter that made its presence felt.

Despite all that, this is a good time and I can see many occasions to return.
Disappointing. Lobster roll mostly shreds of lobster meat not many chunks. Watery and not much taste. Soup good but over priced. It was our first time and will be our last.
HUGE SALAD ALERT. Seriously, thanks for stuffing salad stuffs in both sides of the to go container and saran wrapping it closed. Talk about paying what you get for!

I'd also recommend the Veggie Delight, and the PBHB. My fondest memory of this place is eating both while playing racquet ball on the UCB campus, then trying to sneak into the clock tower... 

Is it still called Intermezzo? One day it is, the next it isn't. Then it is again. I don't care, I'll come back till my debt collecter finds me there.
First of all, any restaurant in Westwood that offers Kaplan students but not UCLA students a discount is not going to make lots of friends.

That said, the food was okay, but underwhelming. More like 2.5 stars than 2, but NOT 3. Nothing was really wrong, but it was hard to be excited about it. Tough to come back to a place like that when there are so many other tastier choices in the village.

I had the Waldorf Salad - it arrived promptly and looked pretty tasty, filling a large metal bowl. But disappointment set in when I saw it was really, noticeably short on chicken. Big bummer. Plenty of greens, walnuts (PLEASE toast them, caramelize them, something -- they were sooo bland...), apples, cranberries, cucumber, bleu cheese, and celery, but the combination of fairly unexciting ingredients coupled with a sincere lack of dressing left the salad cold and crunchy on the plus side, but largely lifeless on the minus side.

The young staff are very outgoing/friendly/helpful, although the server/busser really pushed us to post positive comments here on Yelp. Sorry, Skippy...I'd have loved to, if the food had any taste, and three times as much chicken.

My lunch partner had a southwest wrap and sweet potato fries. Her first comment about the wrap was "They sure use some grisly chicken here!" Not a good sign. 

She shrugged and pronounced it "acceptable," but not worthy of a second trip. The sweet potato fries were fine, and were a decent-sized portion. Nothing more to say. Everyone has 'em now and they really do seem to taste the same everywhere.

Maybe I'll give them another shot, but *shrug* I dunno. 

So, uh, yeah. Meh. I've experienced better.
Best sandwiches around! They used to be bigger but they are still the best and probably  still the biggest too. The salads are very good (BRAVO!); probably enough for 3 people comfortably. I dont know why they have to put a whole boiled egg in them salads. I hate eggs! Whose bright idea was that??

The atmosphere is great and the service is pretty good too, just one time I asked on guy who was making the sandwiches if he would change his gloves cause I am a vegetarian and he got all prissy with me. But he doesnt work there anymore, so alls good.

Thumbs up for this place ,... there is always a line out the door and their reputation speaks for itself!
Seven-fifty for a fresh, wholesome salad that could easily satisfy six normal-sized adults is a deal.  And I know I'm prone to hyperbole, but I'm completely serious about the six-normal-sized-adults thing.  (If I weren't, I wouldn't have added the normal-sized part, or I would have made them huge, or I would have made it 6 million.)

The sandwiches are also good.  The tables and the place in general aren't the cleanest, but with the crowds this place gets, I'm sure this has much more to do with extreme wear and tear and the lack of enough dedicated bussers than it does to carelessness or mismanagement.

Places like this make me want to spend more time on Telegraph.  But there are so few places like this left on Telegraph, so I'm usually disappointed--or in a rut.  One of the advantages of not having been to Telegraph recently is that the short half-life of businesses in Berkeley guarantees that there are all kinds of places I've never been to or seen.  Of course, most of them aren't like Cafe Intermezzo, so it's all one big cosmic disappointment.  Kind of like the early seventies were to the '68 generation.  Or like People's Park is to me.
The three S's: Soup, Salad, and Sandwiches...served by super friendly people, who hand out samples of soup on request.

I tried the clam chowder--solid, but it was really too hot a day for soup. I can imagine that the SF Soup Company would be the perfect place for Cal students on a cold, wintery day though. In those times, nothing hits the spot more than clam chowder in a bread bowl, except maybe ramen or something. But this place has got the location down--it is literally right next to campus.

I grabbed a pre-packaged Caesar salad and half tuna sandwich to go, which ended up over $7. I wouldn't have been full from the meal if I hadn't finished a smoothie thirty minutes earlier.

There's not much to say about SF soup company. It's good food at an okay price, and super convenient. It is next to campus, and semi-fast food, yet still healthy. 

I ate my tuna sandwich while walking home because I was overly excited. It was really fresh (tuna, wheat bread, romaine, and cucumbers) and not full of mayo which I appreciated.

I didn't like the Caesar salad that much because although it was fresh, the dressing was kind of weird--clear and oily (rather than creamy) with unidentified stuff inside. The spinach bacon salad looks good though--I'll probably give that a shot next time.

Honestly, I think I'd rather have soft tacos at the nearby Chipotle than spend a bit more here for a Plain Jane meal.
Generally, I'm a fan of soup.   So I was excited to see a place called "Soup" (the SF/Company part is pretty small) open on Bancroft.  

I decided to go and check it out several days ago and got handed a flier for $2 off a soup or salad (serendipitous!).  It was bustling during the lunch hour, but surprisingly efficient.  All the staff were incredibly personable and talkative.  Each soup order (I got the Corn Chowder) came with a piece of bread, and that day they were GIGANTIC pieces.  I was stuffed (and very satisfied) by the end of lunch!!!  I wonder if these these aspects will last, though, like the customer service and the large portions.   I was there again yesterday, and the bread was definitely smaller.  (BTW, Tortilla soup is also delicious.)

The only reason for the -1 star is the price.  With $2 off, my 12 ounce soup came out to just over $3, which is a great price for a filling meal!  But I just won't pay $5 for soup.  Since 12 ounces of soup and bread is almost too much for me, I would be happy if they offered an 8 ounce option at a lower price.  I'd definitely go for that.
when i was first here at this location ....i thought i was great to have so many selections of pasta and salad......this was when i was eating white flour....now i shun it. 

 i recall the large selection which was appealing and the soups were great too.  maybe i am the only one who would say there is too much food here?   the only thing is, its hard to go back and get additional of something you enjoyed.  the line seems to go one way??  

the rating reflects this location.....although more recently i went to the la cienega one and it was very disappointing......everything was too sweet for me and ended up leaving not satisfied.  

maybe it has to do with location or maybe now they are making it on the sweeter side.....kind of fearful going back to encounter this again....
Still the best place to eat whenever I go back to Berkeley.  When I was a student 15+ years ago I always got the tossed green salad because that's all I could afford.

Now I always get the veggie delight.  It's awesome!  I never finish it so I just share it with my wife.  

Veggie Delight + Poppy seed dressing + strawberry lemonade = AWESOME!  

I wish there was a place like this in LA.
Lots of students come here to eat, yes. Huge groups after playing soccer or other sports, families, and lots of happy people in general. How can you not be happy with a huge bowl of healthy greens in front of you? And I agree- poppy seed ftw. my friend loves the herbal vinaigrette which is almost just as good. 

Okay so everyone already wrote about the crazy huge portions that'll last you more than a meal, fresh bread & dressings, and the variety of toppings so I'm just going to tell you why I keep coming back to Intermezzo... 

It's become a regular for my friends and I became the servers are always so friendly and smiley. It seriously just gives you a good vibe!

-EDIT
Came again on march14th. SO GOOOOOD
I assumed that a place called "Le Dog" would have outstanding hot dogs.  Unfortunately, that isn't the case, as their hot dogs are not good and sub-par to what you expect to get from any hot dog stand in NYC (or anywhere else perhaps).  I also had their cherry lemonade, which had a strange aftertaste.  

I was able to sample some of their soups, though, and their cucumber soup was thick, more like a sauce than a soup.  Their regular lemonade was decent.
ok yes you get a lot of salad. but  my dressing which was supposed to be herbal vinagrette was basically just oil. it is nice that you get half an avocado, an egg and some beans but the rest is mostly just lettuce. ok you get two slices of carrot, like two slices of cucumber and the equivalent of a couple cherry tomatoes. the price isn't too steep but i just don't get what all the hype is for?
for the price, their portions and quality are wonderful! 
$7 for a chef salad that can feed two adults, COME ON. 
i could barely finish half a sandwich. that is why they are always filled with people

2 complaints though: the soup sucks--they give you so little and it is watery, not good soup. 
secondly, the sanitary/hygene of the kitchen is questionable. if you've been there u know what i mean. u see them treat the ingredients more like materials in a factory manufacture line. kinda sloppy.

but they deserve a soild 4 stars for their cheap, tasty food!
There doesn't seem to be too much of a difference between this souplantation and other locations. The clam chowder was great as usual but everything from the salad bar seemed very bland and not so great. But I suppose you sacrifice taste for healthiness as I noticed this location consisted of mostly an older crowd.

Overall, if you're looking for soup, this would be a pretty good place. If you're looking for something new and exciting to try with your friends on a night out... not so much.
Ok. Everyone's said it but I'll say it again - the salads are huge. Like, you could feed a farm consisting of two horses and three cows with one of these salads. (Ok maybe not... but close. Sort of). So if you love salads you'll LOVE this place. The ingredients are fresh and high quality. They wrap it nicely so it's easy to take it to go. I daresay they have achieved the perfect salad.

But if you're like me, and salads are o.k. but you're more of a sandwich place then it doesn't stand out quite as much. The sandwiches are not proportioned as hugely, and if you get the half sandwich half soup you won't get quite as full as you might hope. They're pretty good, but not outlandishly memorable like the salads are.

The atmosphere is pretty nice. I especially love the handwritten menus, the cassette "molding" around the door frame, and the easy going atmosphere. It gets a bit dim at night but it would definitely be a nice place to study in the afternoon. 

I was tempted to give it a 3/5 (as I am biased against salad only meals), but it's a classy place with a nice atmosphere that's fun to go to with friends, so it got pushed over to 4/5.
Yup, I'm one of those creatures of habit... the once-a-quarter trip I take to the Westfield Shopping Center ALWAYS includes soup or salad at the SF Soup Co. and dessert from Beard Papa. Yeah, once a quarter. Hey, I'm a full-time working mommy/wife AND grad student. I don't get out much...

So, imagine my delight when SF Soup Co. opened up a place JUST OFF CAMPUS (and, better yet, it's MY campus!) I'm in class only twice a week, but I'm always looking for an alternative to burritos and Asian food. 

I am a HUGE FAN of the salads here. They make them to order and toss 'em up right there so you have the chance to give 'em a thumbs up on great ingredients (like croutons, artichoke hearts, feta, calamata olives), or leave out undesirables (of which there really aren't any, I just don't always want beets.) You can also have them slather on the dressing (and yum, their dressings are DELISH) or go lightly.

Soups are great, too. The Chicken Tortilla is so awesome, I have some friends who know this place as the Chicken Tortilla Soup Place, no lie. 

(Haven't tried the sandwiches yet, but they looked good, too.)

ADVICE: All you undergrads looking for a healthy alternative to Blondie's (hey, you know who you are) check out SF Soup Co (it's right next to Jamba Juice- another healthy alternative.) Take it from me, a gal who definitely packed on the Freshman 10. And all you grad students on the North Side who are too busy/lazy to get something FRESH to eat, it's worth a hoof across campus to get lunch. Hey, get out more... take it from someone who knows.
I felt very lucky to be living right above this restaurant! Love their poppy seed dressing on their humongous salads! I also really loved their tofu and chicken salad sandwiches. The bread is baked fresh every day, and filled with nuts and grains to give it that healthy taste. The soups are very good as well. Don't forget to try their strawberry lemonade with your meal.
I'm definitely taken aback by the enormous salads.  They are actually a little bit difficult to take back to my desk at work because stuff falls all over the place.  However, all the food I've had there has been delicious and I'll be going back a lot.  Love the huge chunk of honey wheat bread.  The staff makes the line move fairly quickly.
Hearty and healthy sandwiches at a good deal. My favorite is pastrami and cheddar on their awesome honey wheat bread. Sometimes I contemplate buying a loaf there. I love how they put a piece of fruit in the wrapping around your sandwich. The half sandwich, half salad (which is really good), will fill you up like an entire meal and a half. Don't mind the line out the door, it should move quickly. And for space, just take it to Memorial Glade on a sunny day to people-playing-frisbee watch and maybe take a snoozer before class. -Matt
If you get the half sandwich, salad combo the portions are huge and able to fill two people for lunch. I like how much meat they give you for your sandwich. It's usually well made, but sometimes the lines are too long, if you're getting it to go, might as well just call them. their salads are awesome and i like the garbanzo beans. not a big fan of the sprouts though.
HUGE salads.  Great deals.  Awesome ingredients.  Sandwiches are so-so, but only an idiot would order anything other than a salad.  Been here 20+ times.  Enough has been said, go here.
Eat here. Big salads, poppyseed dressing, fresh honey wheat bread. I also get the strawberry lemonade (free refills!). All for around 7, 8 bucks? This was on weekly rotation during the college days. Oh yeah, don't forget the thick crunchy bacon.
1 * For the Food
4* For Antron!!  

5* Total.  Antron, the guy who picks up your plates is the reason why I go to Souplantation.  Friendly, Kind, Considerate, not to mention Hilarious, this dude deserves a hugh raise, because Souplantation is making $ from my repeat business.

Antron also loves the Lakers, so he is pretty much The Man.
With the salad, get the poppy seed dressing. 

For a sandwich, get the BLTA. 

For the bloated and full feeling that inevitably follows, get TUMS. 

God I love this place.
Look, I hate to rain on the Intermezzo parade, but the food there is not great. Hell, it's ok, but come on, their bread?!? What is that? Probably good for tiling a roof or building a hearth but not for a sandwich or as a "light" salad accompaniment. And the salads? The same package lettuce mix with the same tired dressings. It get's three stars for the coed eye candy only.
I was here the other day because I saw it as I was coming out of the Kitchen Works store. They caught my attention since I was incredibly hungry and I have never seen them before. I asked, and they apparently opened about 2 weeks ago. I was drawn to the idea of a brioche bun and meat at the doneness that you want. I was also about to go make dinner, though, so I just tried a Village mini with feta. 

The burger itself was pretty decent, especially with the Dijon mustard added on. The bun is pretty much the most delicious part of the burger. It was soft and buttery, like how it's supposed to be. The meat, I specified to be medium-rare, and was told it's automatically cooked to medium-rare. But when it came out, it was actually almost well-done. I understand that it was a small patty, but they did give me high expectations when they said their burgers are like that by default. The patty was unseasoned, which is normal for a lot of places, but I think I kinda prefer seasoned patties like the ones at Buns. I would try it again...maybe with one of their specialty burgers. They definitely intrigued me and the bun is definitely a pull for me. 

The decor is great, in my opinion, and the tall wood-top tables and metal stools reminded me of Vapiano's and like places if you've ever been there.
This is a pretty standard soup place. The soups come in huge vats. You want some, they pour you some. Then you get to pick a bread roll! 

I'm a HUGE soup fan, mostly because I get stomachaches rather easily and soup is the only thing that really soothes my stomach. I came here once when I was feeling a little under the weather, hoping to get some good ol' fashion chicken soup remedy, and instead was presented with a cup of SALTY SLOP. It must've been an off day.

I've gotten the clam chowder, too, and it wasn't too bad. It wasn't too good, either, though, especially for the price. 

It is really convenient, though - pretty fast service for rush meals between classes.
It's all about the enormity of the salads that creates value for this place.  I bought two salads for $10, where three friends and I split the two, and we still had leftovers for me to eat the next day.
Delicious sandwiches! Great service, lovely atmosphere. This is the place I decided to take a friend, because I knew it could not possibly disappoint. I like the marinated tofu sandwich, but everything else looks great too. I love how they put alfalfa sprouts in it - you don't see that very often. Even guys would like this place because they give giant amounts of meat in the sandwiches. If you're a vegetarian, they have great veggie sandwiches too. Fast service, decent prices (especially for the quality of food). I would highly recommend this for anyone who is hungry. Go alone or go with a friend, or go with a group! It's great for everyone. The line can get pretty long but it clears up around 7:00
If you are like me and can wolf down Whoppers like potato chips, Cafe Intermezzo is a great place to visit for some greener, healthier options!

I definitely recommend the Chef's Salad or any of the sandwiches as they are all tasty and cheap.

It is advised however that you come before 12PM because it will be busy. No surprise considering the gratuitous amount of salad in every meal. I seriously cannot finish a salad bowl by myself. It's so much.

And it's really fresh too! I think I found a baby rabbit at the bottom of the bowl the last time I ate here. :)

All in all, a must-visit place on Telegraph Avenue.
He. he..he.. funny thing LA fitness is below this restaurant.. I'm a member of LA Fitness, so not knowing Souplantation validated, I proceded to the Gym to get a stamp to get parking free.. felt so guilty not going in...Souplantation.. sounds like this restaurant should be in the south...I get in during lunch time 4pm das my lunch and you have to line up either on the left or the right side of this cafeteria looking island. then at the end you pay. I like this joint when you wanna fill up with American food.. Made Salad, You Make Your Own Salad, Chicken Noodle, Clam Chowder, Tortilla Soup, Strawberry Lemonade, Chili, Bake Potato with real bacon bits, Corn Bread, then hot chocolate cake with melting chocolate inside. Then I proceeded to the ice-cream maker and it had a Baskin Robin trademark on it so I proceeded to pump away. The trick to just sit get all the food at once.. is to bring your tray with you.. when you go for seconds.. and fill that up with 5 kinds of soup.. 5 kinds of bread.. and 5 kinds of pasta.. then when you sit.. its all very accessable.. Ok so whiile I was writing this.. I look to my right and read bc.'s comment.. I proceeded to look up what she is talking about.. so here it is..
On Aug. 2 Pasadena Public Health Department narrowed down the site of the outbreak to customers who ate at the Souplantation at 201 S. Lake Ave. in Pasadena between July 22 and July 25.
Oh shtsue I am doomed.. I can't wait for the result when I wake up.. hopefully I dont have diarriah for 10 days straight! o well.. we just have to find out tomorrow wont we? Funny thing.. I was about to give this place a 4 stars out of 5.. now it went down to 1! I knew it! Those workers there looked too suspicious.. I looked at them like they were telling me with a grin.."eat up...i just wiped my ass with my hand right after i poopie" ahhaaaa.. but you know what? maybe they cleaned up.. Well when I was there today.. it seemed the food was amazing.. maybe cuz they gave me that extra special sauce!!!
Low key healthy options at great prices.

Huge salads. Delicious bread. Great prices.

+ Poppyseed dressing

+ Vegetarian friendly

+ Sweet whole wheat bread

+ Super Casual

- Cash only

- Dining room a bit on the grungy side

I have yet to try the apple pie which always looks so tempting.
Yes, the salad I had was very large and could feed many people.  I was not impressed with the poppyseed dressing everyone seems to rave about.  Something else I wasn't impressed with: the loud raucous employees.  I just wanted a salad and then to be on my way.  Yes, it is dirty there as everyone else has said.  I don't think I would get a salad again, but I did like their honey bread and the looks of the hummus veggie sandwich.  This place always seems pretty crowded too, but I guess the line went kind of fasy.  Overall, mediocre.
If one day, you feel like you just had enough with all that fatty meat and oil and grease all over your food, then you must be dreaming.  But lets pretend that you want to cut back on unhealthy food and detoxicate your body with Soupy ,Salady goodness.  Then Souplantation is the place for you.

When people here about Souplantation at first, they are a little intimidated by the selection that they hear about.  They think its just a plate of lettuce and a bowl of chicken broth.  WRONG!

Souplantation offers a wide variety  of different kinds of salads that you can start off with multiple toppings, dressings, and side dishes you can include in it like potato salad, macaroni salad.  I mean they are all salad in some way, but don't be discouraged.  

After you are done getting your salad and have paid for your meal (which when I went around lunch time with an auto club card, I got 10 percent off, and my meal with a soda was only like 7 dollars.  Not bad for an all you can eat buffet.),  you can get lots of other foods to go along with it.

They have like 10 different kinds of soups, like 4 kinds of pastas, Some extrememely tasty wannabe mini pizzas and facoccias or however you spell it,  Baked potatoes, tasty blue berry muffins, and many other kinds of desserts.  Occasionally they will have limited time dishes that only last like a few weeks or something.  Those are the foods that you want to try and get your hands on.

I personally go here for the Clam Chowder!!  Or should I say Chowda as I have begun to call it.  I put a perfect blend of oyster crackers, bacon, sourcream, cheese, and green onions in it.  That is a soup to die for!  Seriously, this one guy fell over and actually died after eating it...

This place also has this little fruit and desert bar where you can get some tasty frozen yogurt.  I like to make a brownie dessert out of their brownies, the vanilla yogurt, and chocolate sauce.  YUMMIE!!


Afer about 5 plates of food, 3 bowls of the clam chowder, and a tasty dessert, I was ready to head home.  I had fulfilled my quota for the day and felt as though I did some good for my body rather than eating Burgers and Fries for one day.

Just don't judge this place before you try it for yourself, you really have nothing to lose, except maybe a little protein.
Intermezzo is the only salad that I have ever craved.

I knew everything that I had to say to order without the employees asking another question: "Veggie Delight. Poppy Seed. Mixed In. To-go." After that I allowed myself to enjoy this legendary salad in the comforts of my own apartment with a ridiculously sized bowl because its the only one that fits a salad of Intermezzo's proportions. Their salads are so good that I can overlook the fact that their establishment is incredibly dirty and that their service isn't super-friendly. 

Their sandwiches are good as well with their fresh wheat bread.
Whats with all the haters? 

If it wasn't for the thin cheese pizza and parmesan slices, hearty clam chowder, chili soup, and turkey & herb soup topped with thanksgiving stuffing, I would actually think everything is completely healthy. To make matters even more complicated.. it's ALL YOU CAN EAT! YESSS! 

Don't get me wrong though, majority of the options are still healthy.. you just have to watch your portion control. For a place that's known for soup and salad... this place can't be beat! Great soup selection and I just can't get enough of their Asian Chicken Salad.
I'm not too big on sandwiches but this place has some of the best. They have decent pricing and great food but the line was long (and they only took cash.. lame), it was really crowded and I almost had to sit separate from my friend. The next time I do decide to eat here, I'll take it to go.
Stopped by here while looking for a quick, cheap bite to eat during my lunch break. I was blown away by the chili. It was so chunky and tasted surprisingly fresh, and best of all, the guy at the counter loaded it with cheese. Prices were pretty fair -- $3.50 for a small cup, which was just enough for me.
This is chain-dining at its finest. 

The buffet begins with 55 feet of salad bar stretching down the neck of the restaurant. On a Saturday night at dinner-time, a line weaves down both sides and out the door of the Lake Street location. There are mixed salads available at the start of the line as a foundation for less creative folk--cranberry chipotle spinach salad with walnuts was one such mix. A plethora of dressings are set out with calorie-counting labels and tiny sample cups. The creamy cucumber was refreshingly light and I opted to get some on the side to dip veggies into. 


After paying the absurdly reasonable price of $8.99 for all-you-can-eat, we moved on to the soups. Here, sampling is also a possibility--pour yourself some soup and if it's not what you want, just get something else! The Spanish Albondigas meatball soup with cilantro sounded tasty, but it turned out I was more in the mood for chili. I bypassed the pasta options, though it was tough to not swoon over the warm glow of the mac 'n' cheese. A fruit salad bar and a bakery corner battled for my attention until the baby apple bran muffins finally swayed me with their oatmeal topping. These sat nestled between baskets of baked potatoes wrapped in foil and other muffins, rolls and brownies. A giant pan of apple crisp beckoned to me, but manners told me to wait for dessert. 

A multitude of juice options jumped out in bright colors from clear plastic containers and the vivid pineapple slices and strawberries sat dangerously close to the frozen yogurt machine. My tray was full. It was time to sit down. 

After promising not to go back up, I began round two by snagging six muffins to wrap up and put in my purse. My dining companion and I felt like old ladies, and I joked about stealing some sugar packets as well. After our brief period of kleptomania subsided, it was really time for dessert. The frozen yogurt machine was accompanied by all the sundae accoutrements you could think of, including granola and Oreo crumbles.  The frozen yogurt also paired well with the apple crisp, though it was divine on its own as I kept going up for seconds...and thirds...and fourths. 

The cornbread was the best we'd ever tasted, with bits of corn baked right in and it went especially well with the honey-whipped light butter they offer. The line had shrunken since we arrived, so if you are headed here on a weekend, it might be best to go later. You could also wait until Sunday morning, when they have a breakfast buffet.
Ok...So this would start with 5 stars for just their BREAKFAST BURRITOS!!! Little-known secret...only till 11am less than 4 bucks...pretty much the shit.

However...they're only gettin 2 stars because the place is so damn dirty. I hope the rumors are true and that a new management team really is coming in because it was disgusting. I used to love it there when I was a freshmen, but by my sophomore year I couldn't stand it anymore...definitely not the salads. 

Too dirty for me, and I'm not even a germ-a-phobe. 

But if you can handle it go for the burrittos...YUM
UPDATE: I lowered the rating by 2 stars because the lady who works here was extremely rude. I'm shocked. The other employees here are all so nice and helpful, I am rather offended.
I used to be a frequent customer, no more of that. I will avoid this place from now on, and definitely not go here again if I see said rude lady working.

EDIT: they made their breads bigger again so I raised the rating. 

Ok, this place is not that great. I am giving it two stars because although it is RIDICULOUSLY overpriced, I still went here every day for months because one soup tastes pretty good and I lived right above it. I only get the tomato bisque, it is the only soup I can tolerate there. I tried one soup that tasted SO bad I almost threw up upon spooning it into my mouth. It was called avocado cucumber. It sounded good, but upon tasting it I gagged. Seriously, try it... and you will see what I mean.

The soup is very very expensive as well. For a simple little tiny tinnnny cup of soup, you pay 5 dollars. For a decent size (The one that fills me up) you need to pay 10 dollars! And of course more for extra bread..

I would have given them 3 stars... HOWEVER... they have recently cut their bread even smaller than before. Like, half the size!... this makes me very angry. I am a big fan of bread, and I like to get several pieces with my soup (But they charge you for extra bread) now I have to get double the number of pieces of bread, and pay double for bread than I did before for the same amount! Horrible.
This place really validates the saying "best bang for your buck." My Berkeley friend and I came here a while ago but I can still recall my pleasant experience:

1. HEALTHY. I love salads. Lots of variety and options for salad lovers. Have it however you like! Don't settle for those boxed containers of yucky Caesar salads.
2. HUGE PORTION. I shared this huge bowl with a friend. We were both full.
3. GREAT PRICE. Such an ideal place for a college student. I think it came out to be $7-8, which you can split with another person
Paulie B.'s review says it [almost] all. I've wondered what the hell people line up for, halfway down the block sometimes, for [let's just say a very, very long time]: for 10+ of those years, they had to walk right by Coffee Source, near the corner at Channing, where an educated staff of real live upright bipeds carefully noted your monumental-sweet-yet-savory-more-than-enough-food-for-the-day salad order [with a half sandwich, if you were sharing with friends] and executed it amazingly using fresh baked artisan breads and homemade tahini, etc. If they'd peeked, they'd have seen what real fresh greens looked like.   They were standing right in front of Mario's La Fiesta, steeping in the aroma of steamy tortillas, and chicken cilantro soup, yet they kept on waiting for their turn to taste the phlegm, hair, and random bits found between the toes of Intermezzo's hellaciously disgruntled dirtbag drop-out counter-imps.  
I'm not kidding about the creative additions to the menu.  You can find a handful of ex-Intermezzo-inmates tending bar, around town; ask and you may hear the stuff of stomach turning legend.  
This is not for the squeamish.  
I miss Coffee Source.
So I graduated from Berkeley already, and you'd think I'd be nostalgic about the classes, Sproul, the GBC, etc.  But no, I'm nostalgic about Intermezzo.  This place saved me for 4 straight years.  Whether I was having a veggie day, a fat day, a carb day, a juice day, a tuna salad day, whatever.  It satisfied me 100% always.  The salads went up in price last year (they used to be $3.29 for those huge things), but when it was cheap, it was more than worth the money.  Omg, that huge slab of wheat bread (although it was soaked in honey and probably weighed a pound) with the mountain of veggies tossed in the amazing balsamic dressing??  Seriously, I miss it.  And you can't forget the fresh cantelope and watermelon juice waiting down by the register.  When is this place ever going to become a chain??
Yay for Cafe Intermezzo! I'm glad you reclaimed your name. The whole Cafe Mattina nonsense is over.

Just kidding, the salads were still great. This place could have any old name it wants, as long as it keep serving the food with present consistency! 

I always get the Veggie Delight, because you get mounds of various vegetables and grains with a thick slice of their honey wheat bread. 

It fills you up and you feel good about eating your greens afterwards. Just do it!
5 stars for hearty, homemade bread, cozy soups, generous (HUGE) but cheap sammies/salads.

-2 stars for lines out the door and not taking credit/ATM cards.
Large portions are exciting until you're eating wilted lettuce, soggy croutons, and stale bread the next day.  I got my dressing on the side, so they didn't toss everything together which was kind of terrible because every time I tried to mix my salad, something would fall out. Still, nothinggg compared to Pluto's. The bread was delicious though! 

In a nutshell: only go if you're really craving salad and have a friend to share with.
I have lived in Berkeley for four years and have come to Intermezzo countless numbers of times, and only now am I finally reviewing it as I am about to leave.  Intermezzo is definitely one of those places that I am afraid I can only find in Berkeley and will miss dearly as it has been one of the staple foods of my college career.  So eat here often and appreciate it while you can!

I always order their chef salad with poppy seed dressing and turkey, and I am always amazed at how delicious their dressing is.  Plus, their salads are ABSOLUTELY HUGE, and I almost always split it with someone, but I still feel completely stuffed afterward.  The honey wheat baguette that comes with it is also amazing.  On the good days, it's crunchy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside and completely fulfills my craving for carbs.  Plus, if you want more baguette, you can get the end reject pieces (which are deliciously crunchy) for 25 cents!

If it's so perfect, why only four stars??  The service is inconsistent here, and the salad is sometimes off depending on who makes it.  My orders can be a bit picky when sharing with people (no croutons, beans on the side, light on the dressing).  Sometimes it comes out perfect and impressively HUGE, and sometimes it comes out with the wrong meat, drowning in dressing, beans and croutons all in there, and disappointingly small for the famous Intermezzo salad.  No matter what though, the meal is always more than satisfying, and I leave feeling good about what I just ate without burning a whole in my already suffering wallet.

Oh Intermezzo, how I will miss you.

P.S. They accept card now!
wait a minute! before you roll your crooked eyes...let me explain!
the ONLY reason why they get a good review from me is because i LOVE, LOVE love salads and i pretty much live off of them now so to be able to go in here and pay about 7 bucks to make myself a MONSTER salad and be able to put all the red onions, cheese, egg and mumbo jumbo on there is just great! 
and you get free desert =]
i personally dont dig their soups. i know the name is a little misleading yadda yadda yadda
Simply fabulous soups. I had the cheesy chicken tortilla and it was SO tasty, it was just perfect. I've had their lobster bisque which is also fantastic, and their pozole which comes as close to the real thing that I have had outside of mexico (where it's perfect). I only wish they had a bigger locale, because even though their low-key setup is cute, if they had somewhere to eat their soup, I think I would get it more often. 

One of Ann Arbor's best things is this place's soups.
Chef's salad with chicken salad and the poppy seed dressing. DONE. Basically all I order other than a soup or sandwich every once in a while.

HUGE as eff, this salad gets the job done....and more. I can never finish it in one sitting, partly from the frustration that it is possibly too big of a meal. 8 dollars, cash only! I've never tried a better place devoted mainly to salads!

Great atmosphere and the interior decoration is cute. Only negative thing is the wait.
I didn't HATE Spudnicks, but I didn't really enjoy it, and I don't think I'll come back. There's nothing wrong with the food, it's just very heavy and the menu is SO overwhelming. There are a lot of options, and very quick, so I guess that's a + for some.
I love salads the size of my head with good ingredients for less than $10.

The breads and sandwiches are just as oversized and just as good.

The half Bacon/Avocado sandwich comes with 6 slices of bacon, no joke.

You can pretend to eat healthy, get way too much food, not spend a lot of money.  Outside of having to deal with a long line, there's no reason not to go here.

The Poppy Seed dressing is awesome.
I love this place! Not only will you feel full, but you will also feel healthy and guilt free. The Chef Salad is huge and can easily be shared between two people and it's only $8, definitely a bargain.  

This is a place I like to visit often and always has good service! I'm usually the type the likes big hearty meals, but I always leave full and satisfied. Definitely a good place to try if you're in Berkeley! 

 I didn't give it  5 stars because it can be a little bit more clean. I just think that college students should start being less lazy and bus their own tables or the staff needs to be quicker in cleaning the tables.
We thought of trying this place one day because of a Yelp email I got. But today we visited The Fickle Bag on Solano Ave and the owner is a huge fan of this restaurant. So with her added recommendation, we were excited to check it out.

The food was everything she said as well as the reviews I've read. We had a pastrami sandwich and the Chef Salad.

OMG - the Chef Salad should be renamed....I'm not sure to what but the name doesn't seem to give it enough justice. My first thought was the Kitchen Sink Salad or something. It was huge........ and delicious. You get a big wooden bowl filled with the salad that has chopped greens, a whole sliced hard boiled egg, half an avocado, garbanzo and kidney beans (must've been a pound of them), cherry tomatoes (so many I couldn't count), sprouts and a meat choice which we had their chicken salad. The chicken salad was very tasty with pecans and apples chopped into it. This was definitely worth the price. We couldn't finish it so I went and got a to go container to take it home. We had so much leftover, it wouldn't fit into one container......I had to go get another one. So if you are going to a pot luck....I suggest you order one (to eat there), take a couple of bites and then pack up the rest for your pot luck. It'll be enough for a group of people to eat along with the other pot luck items. If you order it to go I don't think you'll get as much because they wouldn't be able to fit it all in the one container - no way....it's that much.

The pastrami sandwich was also very good and huge. We had a third container to bring home half of this sandwich. They give you a lot of pastrami that you could make another sandwich if you're like my mom; she doesn't like alot of meat in her sandwich. 

For the food, I would have rated this place with 4 stars but the downside to this restaurant is that it's not the cleanest place. I like the way it's painted inside with the mural giving you the feeling of being outside. But it could use a good cleaning/dusting. Plus they have this tree (again to add to the outside feeling) that looks like it's been there since they opened.....don't look too closely because you'll see the dust bunnies. The salt and pepper shakers could also use a cleaning; our's were sticky to touch. When you walk in, you get the feeling of old and not a fresh feeling (I don't mind the old tables and chairs or the rustic feeling) but like my mom said.....old is okay but it could still be clean.

Oh - and make sure you have cash. That's the only form of payment they take.
Why is this called Souplantation?  They don't have 58,387 kinds of soup. At most, I've seen 4 kinds of soup in one day.

It should be called Saladplantation, or Lettuceplantation, or YouThinkYou'reBeingHealthyButYouWillGetFatEatingHerePlantation.

This is a place I like and hate all at the same time.  When I want a huge ass salad and cornbread and macaroni and cheese and a baked potato and soup all at the same time, this is my choice.

When I want any of those things apart from each other, this is not my top choice.
They should have never moved. Another example of bigger is not always better. When they concentrated on just making soup, I liked it more. Now they have these other things on the menu and things just don't seem the same. 
They went from a small soup shop to selling burgers, fries and beer for a lunch special.
Intermezzo (n.) 

1.full, juicy, tomato-containing, sprout-exploding, cheese and meat packed-to-the-brim sandwiches on succulent honey wheat buns.  
2. fresh, mountainous, possibly illegal in 48 states salads that will make you late for work, class, yoga, wake-boarding, etc.  

And they've got a cool indoor tree.  This place is a Berkeley institution.
Pino's is great! It's super tiny inside, but until a month ago, I'd never actually been inside it. 

A friend of mine discovered they delivered and I've been ordering from there ever since. They have fantastic oatmeal & make great smoothies. And, they have super fast delivery. Like lightning, baby!
So much better than going to Panera.  The turkey reuben is probably my favorite sandwich, and it is usually big enough to last me for lunch and dinner if I also get a bowl of the famous crab bisque.  Prices are great (~$6-8/sandwich) and portions are generous.  Definitely recommend of you're looking for a sandwich for lunch.
Students and faculty at colleges and universities aren't solely connected via academic, social, nor sporting events. We are connected by some things more powerful; that being, the subconscious sensorial interactions retained while cultivating newly stretched gray matter. Tactility, smells, sights and sounds that surround campuses (ergo: neighborhoods, streets, buildings, etc) producing a geographically and culturally unique memory recall.

So I can't believe the place I ate at for over 10 years of my life, is alas, no more.
I was so looking forward to eating here on my next trip down to Berkeley. It just won't be the same. Berkeley in general will not be the same.

Apart from a personal loss in hopes of reliving a portion of what I strongly recall of my academic past, what I am more disappointed in is that future generations will no longer experience the same poppy seed dressing elation as I have. One may laugh, but these salads added greatly to the overall Cal experience. Fine greenery, which I have no preponderance of doubt, many an ode has been authored surrounding.

I'd feel less anguish had it been the Greek Theater or Campanile that had been destroyed. What a crying shame that no one has plans to phoenix the Intermezzo for future generations. 

No sir. I will not collect wood for your burning Viking vessel, nor offer an "RIP". Get your act together and rebuild. It's your duty. 

If not for the alumni, then for the sake of Harry, Mary and Grace's offspring.
Giant chef's salad with poppyseed dressing and their honey wheat bread is what my roommates and I used to always get.  In true Berkeley style, the vegetables are always super fresh.  Their portions are huge.  

As for sandwiches, I don't even like tofu, but the marinated tofu is so flavorful and satisfying for something vegetarian.  They have lots of interesting combinations on the board and are good about custom making it the way you want it.

Everyone who works here is super nice.  Whether you sit in or get it to go, it's one of my favorite salad/sandwich places.
I completely agree with Miriam W.'s review here. I went with high expectations on a hot day when all I could fathom eating was a delicious, refreshing salad. I guess it's a good deal when you're paying around $5 for a salad that could feed a family of 4, but it could have been so much better. Too much lettuce, too little zest. And what up with no vegan dressing (the herbal vinaigrette is the closest you can get if you're ok with eating honey)? My man's marinated tofu sandwich was pretty tasty, though. I guess I'll stick to the sandwiches next time.

Um, overrated? I think so.
Generally, I try to be nice about my reviews, but I think I just need to be honest for this one. I ordered the "tomato basil bisque", which i put in quotes because soup, it was not. Slop, maybe. Seriously the WORST soup I've had in a long time. I also ordered a grilled cheese panini with the soup, and it was almost tasteless. I have no idea how you can make a grilled cheese sandwich tasteless, but I think it starts by putting barely any cheese, and maybe no butter? Gross. Maybe the other soups are better, but be prepared for an overpriced bowl of nasty soup and a tasteless sandwich.
Normally I visit the one in Alhambra, which is always clean and well stocked. I visited this one for breakfast, which is only on Sundays from 9 am -12 pm.
The salad is always great, which is why I go. I especially love the new Chipotle ranch dressing.  Need to be careful, as it is quite yummy!

On to the breakfast:

They have a few variations for the brunch crowd, mainly 

Scrambled Eggs: This was ok, but they appeared to be mixed with some sort of pectin as they had a jell-o-ish appearance. But they were palatable enough, if not bland, I wonder if there were real eggs?

Scrambled eggs with potato cubes and ham:
Not bad really. Not too heavy. I enjoyed it.

Strait up Potatoes cubed: Did not try. Looked good though.

Waffles with boysenberry jam, butter and syrup.
Oh my...delicious for a once in  while treat.

Good selection of fruits and other healthy foods, such as oatmeal.
Country gravy has no flavor and tasted like glue.

Soup selection for breakfast was a bit off, not a fan of the clam chowder, as I have also found it "glue-ish" in flavor. I think they use corn-starch for the thickener.

Well, all in all, at least they are good for salads!
Decided to finally give this soup, salad, sandwich joint a chance. 

I opted for the rainbow salad and half an egg salad sandwich. The salad was decent. It was a good size (it better be if it's $7+) and the ingredients tasted fresh. The beets were sweet and the candied walnuts were a nice touch. The egg salad was an utter failure. It was dry, oddly flavored and just overall not satisfying at all. I guess I shouldn't expect much from a pre-made sandwich that's just sitting there. 

Honestly, I can't ever justify coming to this place for soup, salads or sandwiches. It's right down the street from Smart Alec's and Intermezzo, places which both offer better tasting soups, better tasting salads, better tasting and freshly made sandwiches and larger portions, all for 2-3 bucks cheaper.
Cheap, huge, and delicious salads.

The funny thing about this place is that if you really feel like grubbing, you can indulge in one of these salads and not feel at all guilty.

I recommend the chef's salad with poppyseed dressing and a turkey sandwich. You won't regret it; I haven't been in Berkeley for six months and I'm still in withdrawal from these salads...
berkeley sucks ass! if for some reason i have go to berkeley i wear a desguise just for the microscopic chance that i might get recognized by any of my poor friends that has to live tthere.

have you ever tried to eat a huge pastrami sandwich and even huger (i know its not a word... shut the F* up stupid berkelenites) salad with a fake handle-bar mustache? i have, and it sucks, but id do it again tomorrow because this place is just that good!

cheap as your mom, but much fresher, this place does salad and sandwiches to perfection.

*note -i will not be doing a review for cheeseboard pizza or zacharys, but along with intermezzo, the only reasons ever to be caught dead in berkeley.

*edit 8.29.06: i will be going to cheeseboard pizza this weekend so ill probably end up doing a review. if youre in berkeley and you see some guy with a crappy mustache desguise: 1) ask yourself why youre in berkeley 2) say hi so i can slap you!

*edit 9.4.06 i did not go to get cheeseboard, but had one of their half cooked pizzas brought to me. i cooked it the rest of the way... and though it was good... the toppings werent as good or diverse as they usually are. i will reserve a review for when i actually go there.
I was walking over to Olga's when I passed this Blount, which took over Stanley's old space. Minimal changes were made to the interior, and there was a line of hungry seafood lovers snaking out the door. The scene was rather chaotic, and people were kind of on top of each other by and even out the door, but the staff handled it well, and my take out lunch order fulfilled quickly. I ordered the fried clams, which were fried perfectly (yes!). I'm happy to say that even though the restaurant has been open for just a short amount of time, the staff already seems to have its act together (most new places have hiccups), and the seafood was prepared as well as I've come to expect from frequenting some of Blount's other locations. I'm coming back for sure.
If it's soup or salad you want, this is your best bet.

The location is perfect for the Pasadena life style.  Fast and light.  Unless you are like me and you want to try them all.  

This is a buffet style spot.  For about ten dollars you have your pick of salads, soups, cheese bread, pizza, breads, fruit, fountain drinks, soft serve ice-cream and coffee.  So, for me...heavenly.  I like to eat.

I do not eat pork or beef so of the 8 available soup flavors, I could eat 5.  All were very good. And being from Maryland, thought this would be a great destination on a cold day, kind of like today in Cali...go figure.

Long story short, I left full and pleased.

Well worth the visit.
I had a stuffie! Thank you Providence Yelpers for Blounts.  True New England Clam Shack with food worth the trip.

The interior with it's blue and white ribbed booths looks "real retro" not the "wannabe" retro we see so often.

The tree of us chowed down on:
Giannt stuffed lobster roll w/fries, clole slaw
NE Clam chowda
Main Lobster bisque
A Stuffie
Onion ringsThursday clam sandy special wifries & slaw
Soda
Total $63

Love me some Blounts- The stuffie is a stuffed clam w/chourico- I am guessing this is a NE version of chorizo- TASTY!  The clam sandwich special on Thursday was the deal at $9.95 w/lots of fried clams on the "freshest" clam roll.  Great fries, AMAZIN" onion rings again thanks to local yelpers.Chowders were quite good, especially the clam w/large pieces of clams. Lots of juicy lobster on that great buttered lobster roll heated on the flattop.  Cain tartar sauce must be a RI thing and for packaged tartar- it was good. Comphy, booths, great food and value. We all thouroughly enjoyed this true NE esperience.
when i die, bury me with one of their monster salads. poppy seed dressing please.

their BLTAs are also WONDERFUl
This place is awesome.   Get your salad on!
Do they make the best salad I've ever had?  NO!  Are the salads humongous?  Damn straight.  Whenever I feel like I haven't eaten enough veggies, I grab a salad here and hope it makes up for all of the fast food I've been snarfing down during the week.  The honey wheat bread they include is tasty.  Personally, I think the sandwiches are better than the salad here.  If I were judging the place on taste alone, I'd be going with a 3. The extra star is for massive portion size and affordability for even poor students.

Be prepared to deal with waiting.  Since the portions are huge and the prices are cheap, there is usually a line to the door if not out the door.  Of course, now that it's summer time the lines are shorter because most of the students are gone.
If you're looking for a lot of food, and still feel like you're eating healthy, Intermezzo is for you. 

I've been going here for about 7 years now, ever since I attended Berkeley.  I'm still around the area, so I frequent here once in a while to get my salad fix, especially after a nice run.  The salads are huge and pack in a lot of stuff for the price you pay.  I usually can't finish a whole salad in one sitting.

Sometimes quantity doesn't always equal quality though.  After coming here so much, I think Intermezzo can sometimes be hit or miss depending on who makes your salad.  Sometimes they lay on too much dressing, turning your salad into a soup.  It's kinda gross.  You gotta eat that right away too.  If you take it to go, expect a soggy mess.

I usually get the half soup, half salad combo, since the salads are too much sometimes.  The soups are pretty good, but be warned, if you like your soups really hot, then this isn't really the place for you.  Sometimes the soup is just barely warm.  It's not something I prefer.

Service here is really meh.  The cashier is always friendly, but the salad makers are either really nice, or really rude.  Most of the times they're kind of rude.  You gotta know what you want right away, or else the salad maker will start giving you the 'look' in typical Berkeley service fashion.  But sometimes, the salad make is really nice!  I just wish the service was a little more even.

It's also pretty f'in dirty in there.  Fruit flies buzzing around everywhere.  Kinda gross, yo.

If I was still a student, I'd give this place a 5 stars.  But now that I'm a little older, and now that I factor in the entire dining experience, service, food, ambiance, etc, then I'm gonna have to lower my rating a little.  Overall, I'd say Intermezzo is always worth a try once in a while.  Just be ready for a lot of salad.
Gigantic garden salad (with carrots, tomato, & cucumber) for less than $4, substantial cup of delicious soup (Tomato Bisque) for less than $3, both served with an extremely dense chunk of fresh baked bread and a diminutive slice of pineapple were on my menu today. The salad was big enough to be lunch and dinner (mind you, I am a slim vegetarian), which brought me a great deal of satisfaction. They also have a great selection of vegetarian sandwiches, plus a full espresso bar to boot! Always busy, but I've never had a problem finding a table. They didn't make 5 stars because a) they take cash only, and b) the guy with the long hair preparing food behind the counter always stirs up images of long, dirty blonde hairs marinating in my meal. Ew to that.
Had the carribean sweet potato soup and a turkey sandwhich combo. The place is fast and the food delicious. Nicely priced too. Too bad there is no seating. It's more of a grab and go type situation. The soup is boiling hot too, so blow on it first!
We just placed a delivery order at Dressed and experienced the worst customer service from their manager and delivery person. First of all, the order was first delivered to the wrong location and they did not even consider to call and let us know that they could not find us. Then, after following up twice, the delivery person finally found our location and wanted us to pick the food up at the complex door instead of using the call box. Finally, the made it to our door after being 1.5 hours late. When we opened up the food, there was hardly any falafel in my wife's falafel salad, maybe like 5 tiny pieces. So, we then called back Dressed and the manager was not apologetic at all and extremely rude on the phone. We finally convinced him to come back and pick up the salad and give us our money back as we had no interest in eating their food after this horrible experience. I don't know who the mangager was, but he should be fired and we will never order from this place again. I would ecourage you to do the same. What a dissapointment!!!
It's good soup. I like the variety of flavors they have and all their specialty soups sound amazing but it's hard for me to venture away from classics like clam or corn chowder. I'll update once I've tried a few more flavors. Free bread with each soup purchase!
6.99 for seniors to "oink out" in the afternoon.  Full access to the salad bar, hot foods, soup and desserts, including a drink for $6.99.  Caloric overreach for sure.  Do it sparingly, but enjoy Souplantation.  Lots of super sized customers provide evidence of frequent excess.

No cost parking under the facility.
The perfect cheap lunch spot in Berkeley.  Special bias for my love of bean sprouts and their ability to put them on everything.  Split a salad with a friend and get a sandwich, you'll be stuffed.  Just to note though, they give you massive salads and such because they use less expensive ingredients.   Expect diced up romaine, not mixed field greens.  If you want a $12.00 tiny salad go somewhere else.  If you want a pile of tasty stuff that you probably could have made at home but are too lazy to cook, go here.  It' s worth it not to have to do the dishes afterwards.
I go here often for lunch, really good sandwiches and great tasting salads at very reasonable prices.  I think what makes it all worth it is the heavenly tasting bread.  Make sure you get the dressing on the side, even the small salads are gi-normous and will last for 2 meals. Really good vegetarian and vegan options too if your down with that.


POPPY SEED DRESSING!

Anybody else notice how the fake tree in the middle changes with the seasons?
Ok, when I die please slather me in a extra large INTERMEZZO salad bowl, throw hummus and turkey on my head and stuff a whole loaf of their homemade bread in my mouth. Gawddddd I love this place.

Sometimes you feel like you're forcing yourself to eat a salad to stay healthy, but at this place you're getting a REAL MEAL (or 2 or 3). You are satisfied, full and you have leftovers. WIN!

I take the trek out to Berkeley to have lunch dates at Intermezzo every Friday now to satisfy my large salady, bready cravings. Large WIN!
Excellent food and spacious location! If you want creative soups, salads, and sandwiches this is a great place for lunch. Quiche and pastries are yummy in the morning. Not sure why people complain about parking; there is huge lot adjacent for overflow.
MASSIVE SALAD ANYONE???

I recently found out that I have celiacs. I can't find much on telegraph that is gluten free. SO I decided that salads are safe. I asked the staff if there was anything gluten free on the menu. They were really sympathetic and sad for me. You can't have bread? You mean its an allergy and not another weird diet trend? Poor thing ::pat pat pat::
So the girl took extra time to wash out the bowl and make sure there was no bread residue and made me a special gluten free salad. I wish I remembered her name...but I was pretty delirious with hunger. First couple weeks of drastically changing a diet is kinda rough.
Anyway, the salad was HUGE, AMAZING, FULL OF BEANS and SO VERY TASTY!!! 
The salad kept me stuffed all day. I would nom here and there and just kept myself full. What a relief!
I can't even start to describe this amazing salad! Sprouts, avocado, garbanzo and kidneys,  carrots, greens...MM! Piles of delicious!! 
I love this place.
After bugging many friends to take me, I finally got to go today. Unfortunately even the tastiest soup becomes unenjoyable during a heat wave. Fortunately they had a chilled cucumber soup on the menu since. Service is so quick but components of the soup and garnish were piled on top to order. The result was super light and refreshing. The curious sweetness and hint of sherry in my friend's chicken white chili made it unlike any chili I had ever tried..and something I was willing to eat even in 90+ degree weather.
Lobster bisque? Yes please. Chicken tortilla? Sounds delicious!

If you love soup (and who doesn't -- esp. on cold Ann Arbor days?), this is the right place for you! Some may consider Le Dog a little pricey, but not those who consider soup a hearty & healthy meal (and the way they make their soups, they easily qualify as a satisfying lunch!).

The staff is also super friendly -- jolly, even. And the walk-up counter is quirky yet efficient. The whole experience leaves you with a smile on your face.
Nowhere else can I say I have engorged myself in such delicious ruffage! The salads here are gigantic...so big, you could probably feed an entire continent with one. They are as big as they are delicious...massive amounts of awesomeness in a salad bowl.

For $7 you can get a salad to feed two people. I have made the mistake of trying to eat one myself, but failed. If you've never felt full on a salad, I bet you this place can change that. Share one with a friend or get dressing on the side so you don't waste this deliciousness.

They also have sandwiches but I can't seem to stray away from their salads. The chef salad is amazing, as is the one where you can get marinated tofu on it. The salads come with an entire egg, half an avocado, lots n lots of beans, and other healthy garden yum yums. Salads come with a delicious fat slice of their bread, which is sweet and amazing (sauce fiend tip: dip it into your salad dressing as well!). Their lemonade is rad as well, highly recommend you try a glass! ps- try the poppy seed dressing...SoOoo good! 

One of the best spots in Berkeley, hands down. Friendly staff, best bang for your buck in terms of how much food you get, fast service, and most of all, scrumptious food!

ps- has anyone ever consumed one of their salads all on their own? lol.
Beauooootiful soooooooop to be had at Le Dog :O)

Best soups (and what I think is in them...they aren't telling of course!):

Alsatian cabbage and sausage: has bread, garlic, savoy cabbage, beef/chicken stock, marjoram, onion, swiss cheese, garlic sausage.

Lobster Bisque: cream, clam and shrimp stocks, sherry, shallot, salt, white pepper, butter and lobster claw meat...YUM.

Any of the mushroom soups...creamy, herbed-deliciousness. 

Tortilla-Chicken: shredded chicken, onion, celery, peppers, garlic, cayenne, cheddar, chicken stock, salt, pepper, cream, ancho chili, avocado, tortilla strips.

Clam chowder: cream, clam juice, clams, celery, onion, sherry, bitters, pepper, potato...is simple and great.

The cream soups tend to be better than the brothy soups - which at times are way too heavy on the Marjoram. Staff are great~ Place only takes cash.
How is it that I haven't written a review for this place yet? I have loved their salads for years! If you are a vegetarian, order the Veggie Delight with poppy seed dressing. If you are not, order the Chef Salad with bacon. You will not be disappointed!
Oh, this sucks. I really hope they re-open. Truly one of my favorite places to eat good, cheap, healthy food. Crap.
their salads are 100% amazing.  you could probably share it with 2-3 people... first time i've ever gotten full from a salad x]  the bread is all right... chewy but kinda bland.  their sandwiches are packed (like seriously 1+ inch of meat) but taste wise ehhh.  
my favorite dressing is the poppy seed one... forget exactly what it's called haha
$8 for soup and a roll.  And all the soups are exceptional.

Cabbage soup with ham, bacon, potato, and cream, or Oktoberfest soup with a pretzel, or pumpkin soup.  The list goes on and on because they rotate soups every day.

Protip: Get something that sounds weird, because it is always delicious.
Finally.  I tried the lobster bisque on Friday and yes, it is as good as rumored.  What do they even put in it to make it so good?!  The spices, the texture and viscosity, the lobster itself...  That's a good bowl of soup.  Especially when you pair it with a pretzel roll.

I've also tried the white bean chicken chili, and it deserves two thumbs up as well.  The only thing that pains me about Le Dog are the limited hours and that I can't satisfy my lobster bisque craving on any days but Thursday or Friday.  And cash only, too.
If you like dodging piles of food, napkins, dirty cups, and plates, all while flies buzz around your table, then this place is for you! In all seriousness I couldn't have been more grossed out eating here. Not only was the dining area a complete mess, but even back behind the counter it was filthy. I get that this restaurant is super busy, but here's my advice: HIRE SOMEONE TO BUS TABLES. After my boyfriend and I ordered not only did I have to clear our table (and wipe it down) but I quickly started clearing the surrounding tables so the 15 people in line would have a place to sit as well. Honestly, I wish I would have snapped some pictures to prove how horribly messy this restaurant was. Oh and as far as food went, it was alright. There was nothing special about the salad we ordered in fact I can make my own salad at home for half the price and the same quality. The chicken salad sandwich didn't have a lot of mayonnaise so that's always a plus.  If and when I return, I'll be sure to have my camera ready.
I'm really sad about giving this place only 2 stars because it was so cute and I was really hoping that it would be yummy.

+1 star for the cute decor
+1 star for the veggie friendly menu

I had the veggie sandwich which consisted of cream cheese, avocado, sprouts, greens, and...not sure what else. It was too hard to eat and I only had one bite at the cafe. Their portions are very generous so it's a nice deal if you're pretty hungry. Their service is also really fast. They make your food right away and pretty much on the spot. However, none of it was that tasty. The salad was almost too much to work with. Maybe it was the huge pile of sprouts...Anyway, not sure what it was but I only had a few bites of the salad as well. 

I ended up taking about 3/4 of it home to try and eat later...but it still wasn't good so I tossed it out and made my own sandwich. 

Also - when my girlfriends and I were here eating, there was this weird guy that kept going in and out of the restaurant talking to people...but in a creepy way. He came up to my friend and tried to hold her hand and kept reaching for it. But I guess that's part of what makes Berkeley...Berkeley. =)
I still find my self doing random google searches hoping that they will reopen!  I heard they were planning on reopening as a temporary tent structure while they were doing the remodeling but spring has come and gone and still no word =(.  I read an article where they said they contacted the owners and received no response.

So sad!  This is still hands down the best salad ever!  Hoping they will reopen again!  

Where do I go now when my standards for a salad are so ridiculously high?!
Aww man...I really miss this place.  No one serves healthy salads that big in portion here in Portland.  The poppyseed dressing! the bread!  You should always get it to go because you will never be able to finish it there...guaranteed.
Employees are extremely nice. Soups are all very full of flavor. Salad is fresh. Banana split bar is awesome! Try the Asian Broth!
I'm giving it a 5 on customer service alone. I went in today and ordered a regular Mexican Tortilla. When the server, Marty, had finished putting it together for me, I suddenly remembered I had forgot my wallet. Instead of holding the soup for me upon my return, he told me to take the soup. Don't worry about it. And just come back when I'm free.

HOW NICE IS THAT? I've never had anyone let me walk out with food or drinks on the honor policy. So touched. Anyways, walked back to my apt as fast as I could. Put down the soup, grabbed my wallet, and walked back to SF Soup Co. to pay for my order.

Yeah. Today was a good day.
This is the BEST salad I have ever eaten. The poppy seed dressing is beyond addicting. What is in that dressing? I would pay BIG money for the recipe. My boyfriend and I try to eat here at least once a week. Well worth the drive from walnut creek.  We share a chef salad with turkey. YUM!!!!
this place gives me amnesia.  i know that is impossible, but how is it that i always forget that i can't finish the whole salad?  it's so huge!  i'm scared for the first five minutes i eat it because taking a forkful of it out just makes it feel like somethings are about to roll out and onto the floor.  the next twenty minutes, i can't say a word to my food padnah because the food shoveling is nonstop, but even after all that, it looks like i haven't eaten anything.  i eat and i eat and i eat and the salad--it looks the same as it ever was.  but i always order it.  and i always love it.  and i try really hard not to look as they ladle a spill of dressing onto the salad, because then i'd have to tell the nice boy to use less, and how am i supposed to say that to a boy who calls the diners 'love'?
Soup, salad, and bread for a decent price?? umm yum!

SF Soup Co is a great place to grab a quick cheap meal. They have a wide variety of soups which are labeled vegan, vegetarian, low fat, spicy, and more. You also get a choice of bread with your soup. Be sure to try the chicken tortilla. They put cheese and tortilla strips on top of it. mmm mmm.

I also LOVE their salads. They're huge and so good! I got the chipotle chicken salad and it was awesome and lasted me 2 days. Great value.
This is really a great place to grab a bite. The salads are huge and everything is extremely fresh. Cafe Intermezzo is one of my favorite places to visit when i'm in Berk.
It would totally be 5 stars if they toasted the bread. I liked this place a lot. I was really in the mood for something somewhat healthy and not too filling and this was the perfect place to come to. It's always crowded and there seems to constantly be a neverending flow of people in and out, but when we walked in, a table opened up so we snatched it. My boyfriend and i split a blta and a tossed green salad. Sounds simple but it was one of the best meals i've had in a while (for being so simple, of course). the bacon was done perfectly and i love that they have sprouts and put it on practically everything. the tossed green salad sounds really typical and when i ordered it, i was  so happy to see that it wasn't just a bunch of ReadyPac iceberg lettuce tossed with typical italian dressing. But when i got it, i was so happy to see that it was nothing like what i was expecting. It actually looked like a legit, delicious, healthy salad. Mmm. Even after all that i read about the poppy seed dressing, i decided to go with the herbal vinagrette and i'm glad i did. it was definitely more my taste than a sweet dressing (the poppy seed). 
We each got a Fresca to drink, of course. I got the pineapple and he got the strawberry. they were delish. I wish there were less chunks of fruit in them though so i could drink it out of a straw easier. I love the way this place is set up and decorated. Even if the trees inside are fake and decorated with fake butterflies, i still thought it was a nice touch. And with the real flies flying around everywhere, it makes you feel like you really ARE outside. yumm. 
they had a full espresso bar as well, that was kinda cool.
All in all we had a good experience here. And for the full sandwich, salad, and 2 drinks, it was less than $15. You can't really beat that.
Its a cold saturday night and I need something waarm in my tummy. I want a soup. I havent seen of heard of  Sweet Tomatos since I've been in L.A. Until alas I gush my feelings and my beau says "theres a Soup Plantation, its the same thing". Success. We cruise on over and enter the line, an extremely long line. Salad bar with all the fixins. I pay the 25 bucks for the two of us and we are seated. I had two bowls of the Pinto Bean adn Brown Rice Soup. Its an awesome soup if you dont desire meat. Theres Chili, Black Bean Chili, and Chicken Noodle along with many others. I treated myself to a nice roll of sweet corn bread and a pumpernickel (I believe--its exactly like the sweet brown bread served at Cheesecake Factory) with bits of an anonymous red berry. This dinner hit the spot.
the healthiest meal you can find in berkeley. i come here way too often
big salads.  big, big salads.  astronomically, gut-wrenchingly big salads.  their sheer scope defies the bounds of language.  when you come home from work and think to yourself, "damn, i want to eat something so large i'll have to unhinge my jaw to accommodate it," this is a good place to satisfy that urge.  the food is nice enough.  this is their thing, they do it well.
Wow, wow and more wow even! Cafe Intermezzo is the type of restaurant that will make you go out of your way if you are craving it.
The bread is hearty and freshly baked. They have a sandwich menu that will satisfy the pickiest hippy/vegan diner and enough quality meat to keep a New Yorker happy!

Yes they are mostly a sandwich shop but their salads are nothing to scoff at either. The greatest thing about this spot is that everything is always incredibly fresh. The flavors on their dressings and sauces are unique and flavorful! Everything is made from scratch and nothing is left to chance. 

They even have soups, blended teas and an espresso bar!

The service has a bit of that snobby, I'm better than you vibe, that seems to spew from the younger residents of Berkley because they believe they are saving Mother Earth and you are not, but it moves along and they are quick and helpful!

Extra bonus is an easy access toilet! These are hard to come by on Telegraph street. Just remember to buy something first!
Huge salads! What a deal! 
And you can watch all the Telegraph people.
I love this place!  It is a grad student's dream, excellent healthy food and cheap!  The salads are so huge I can eat them for two meals.  The bread you get with the salad is also amazing!  The service is quick and extremely efficient.  It can sometimes be hard to find a place to sit, but People's Park is just around the corner and Sproul is close too.

Beware however, they only take cash!
This place is waaaaaaaaaaaaay overrated. The salads are nothing special.The salads are large but not very tasty. The salad dressing is ok. And the sandwiches are pretty flavorless. Over all its pretty bland. I went their many times as a student and I was always disappointed.
Love their clamcakes! They were nice and soft inside and crispy outside. Best of all it wasn't overly salty! 

The clam chowder was good, the fish and chips was also very good. 

The restaurant's design and interior is nice and clean. Good place to hang out and have some seafood. Too bad their hours are until 8pm. I can imagine this being a great place for late night cravings.
The largest salad you will ever find. It definitely has a college atmosphere, as UC Berkelye is located approximately 5 or 6 blocks away. Giant sandwiches as well. Everything on the menu is less than $7.00. The food is great. Lines can be a little long, especially around lunch and dinner time.
Oh no don't review this place!  I don't want you to go. Its only paradise for me, and if you and everyone else discovers this place, then the (explitive) yuppies will kill the place.  If you are a true salad freak, as I am, then this is the best.  
So my recommendation is, don't go....
I love the place..
To be real honest, as healthy as it is, the dressings are pretty unappetizing.  Just get the simplest of all dressings.  The italian dressing is gooey, gelatinous with mysterous speckles of ingredients.  
Really Intermezzo should keep the dressings simple and healthier.
again,  this is my favorite place. I think their salads are full of endorfins.
I LOVE Le Dog! It seems like such an odd place to sell food, but it doesn't matter because everything they serve is delicious! Their hot dogs are jumbo size, so the $2 is totally worth it. I think their soups are what makes it. Lobster Bisque is my favorite. They put some sort of spice in all of their soups that gives it an extra kick. $6 for a soup, but it's a good size and will definitely fill you up. They also give you tasty bread to go with your soup. The only downside to this place is that they're only open for 3 hours a day and then completely shut down for a month or two in the summer.
Awesome soups!
The thing I love most about Intermezzo? Coming here, eating a huge but hearty and healthy meal and leaving the mess behind.

This place is busy. Busy looking and always overrun with college students lining up out the door. It's also slightly dingy feeling...I frequently end up with somewhat dirty utensils while dining in...and don't care? 

For 7-8 dollars for a soup/sandwich and salad combo, it's a pretty good bang for your buck. I love coming here after runs or yoga class. It just feels great to fill up on veggies and soup after exercise. 

The only thing that keeps me from coming here more often is the location. I hate having to walk down this strip of Telegraph.
Love the clam chowder!  I like just the regular plain lettuce.  Always fresh here!
Would be 4 stars if not fir how very dirty this place was. I almost left when I walked in at the dirty tables, floor, silverware...but glad I stayed. Employs are so nice and helpful. The food is good. Vegetarian chili and chicken salad sandwich.  Just wish the filth did not distract me so much. Noone one the floor to clean tables or floor or empty the overflowing empty plates.
I only eat veggie burgers so I won't be much help in reviewing the meat options but I will tell you my experience with the lentil burgers.  

I really wasn't sure what to expect from a lentil burger.  I thought I would see actual lentils pressed into a patty but what I got was a huge huge ball of a really soft, hard to eat patty.  It tasted fine (not my favorite veggie burger) and came with a very small dollop of tstaski sauce.  So minute I didn't even notice it there. A little extra cooking might help or making the patty flatter.

It is very filling and cheap.  $4,50 and will last you all day.  You might want to add some condiments and dress it up some but if you are out with meat eaters you wouldn't feel left out enjoying your meal.

The french fries were excellent.  A nice addition to the mall.
Barney b is a fat bastard.  My neighbors even complain about it.  So I am trying to get more greenage, typically in the form of salads.  So this place intrigued me.

Its a cool concept - but one with a burn at the end.  Pick your greens, pick your carefully measured additions of veg and protein - then it gets all chopped up like a healthy cousin of cold stone creamery.  If you behave, you can pick a fairly healthy salad. But if you don't pay close attention, the weight you lose can be as much from your wallet as your gut.  While my salad was big, it was fairly simple (I.e. I didn't opt for the pancetta, goat cheese, three meat extravaganza).  Still it priced out at nearly 12 bucks for something so lame.

Eating healthy isn't always cheap - but barney b often is
I hadn't been to a Souplantation in YEARS.  I like meat and I remember them having very limited amounts of meat.  So I stayed away.  But last night we took our girls out to eat because, well, sometimes they're good and do what they're supposed to do...and occasionally we get lazy and don't want to cook.  =)

Typically when we take them out it's to McDonald's or In-N-Out or something that everyone can enjoy.  (Read:  Cheap!)  We decided to go the healthier/nicer route and bring them here.  First thing one of them says when we get there:  "They only got salads?!?  Where the food at?!".  

Saladtation is what this place should be called because there are more salad varieties than soup varieties.  Salad was better too.  I highly recommend the teriyaki chicken salad.  MMMMMMMmmmm!!!

I tried two soups, the chili and the chicken noodle, both just okay.  Ditto for the pastas, the alfredo pasta was a-ight.  The pizza bread was tasty.  One girl said it tasted like beer & parmesean cheese.  I think she was doing some wishful thinking.

They have a build a sundae station!  But its kind of disappointing.  No fruit toppings and the hot fudge was bland.  Boo!!

I will give them kudos though.  There were 9 of us and they got us a table pretty quickly.  

9 person buffet dinner - $105
Parking - free with validation
Full, happy, dancing teen-aged girls on the ride home - Priceless
Well you've all read the reviews other Yelpers gave this place.  I can only add to everything that has been said.

Salads - HUGE. Best bang for the buck by far.  I usually go in here with one or two other people and three of us can feast off just one salad.  You can add marinated tofu on top of it or sandwich meats.  Around $6 but the thing is a MOUNTAIN.

Sandwiches - I'm a vegetarian, so I haven't tried any of their meat sandwiches.  My favorite is Eggplant al amor on foccacia.  so good.  make sure you don't get any newbie workers making your sandwich - sometimes they put weird things in sandwiches that aren't supposed to be there.

Coffee - mediocre.

Soup - Vegan chili!!! THE BEST.  split pea so-so.  Other soups aren't really worth mentioning. 

The atmosphere is really hustle bustle. Always a lot of people in this joint, but I always manage to find a seat.  I enjoy sitting by the window and watching the bums walk by and other interesting characters pass me by.  There are a couple of bums that walk into Intermezzos occasionally to snatch some food off leftover plates.  I sometimes snatch honey wheat bread that's not eaten b/c a lot of ppl don't even touch it.

oh. honey wheat bread secret: If you like their honey wheat bread, throw a quarter into the tip jar and ask for more bread.  They'll usually give you 3 large chunks of bread ends.  If you tip a dollar and ask for bread, they give you a brown paper grocery bag full of honey wheat bread...
This Souplantation is just like any other one. But,  we like it, and go there very often.  It's easy  with kids; you don't worry too much if your kids cry (my 4 month old), and you get your food right away (buffet), so no waiting for your kids to get antsy.  My 3 year-old LOVES it.  The staff is pretty friendly.   We go there often enough to know which staff members are the most pleasant, so we deal with them.   They have breakfast buffet on Sundays, although I hear some locations have it Sat and Sun.  Everything is made fresh, breads are baked fresh, soups, pastas, and of course the hand-tossed salads. 

Cons
Their lines do get long around dinner time, especially on Friday nights.  I will NEVER go there on a Friday night after 4:30pm.  This location DOES NOT get as crowded as the Arcadia or the Alhambra locations, simply because it's bigger than those locations.   Their parking isn't that great.  I mean, they have plenty of underground parking, but the parking is shared with LA Fitness and a few other places in that area.  I like the street parking if you can find it.  It's metered, but it's ok.
Honestly, I don't understand the buzz about this place.  Yes, they have huge salads, but I'd go for a Smart Alec's salad any day.  The sandwiches are too salty and soup is too bland.  Everything is really just not that good.  Passable, but not worth waiting in that freaking line out the door.  And once I saw a mouse.
ya know, a lot of people are giving this place so-so reviews. so, here's my 2cents:

out in Berkeley, in the rain, looking for someplace to get some soup. chillin' with a vegetarian, so i had to keep options open for places she could eat at.

i ended up getting a soup/sandwich combo : Vegetarian chili and a half BLTA sandwich. the bread was totally fresh and amazing. i can see where the soup would be reviewed as bland, but i'd rather have the option to add salt / pepper myself than deal with over seasoned soup.
I pretty much live on this stuff for weeks on end (when I'm on my SSS - Soup Salad Smoothie - diet).Yes, it's pretty expensive, but it's really healthy if you control your portions and split your order into separate meals. 

I am head over heels in love with their Tomato Bisque, but their Chicken Noodle Soup and Clam Chowder are pretty good, too. A small bowl (of Tomato Bisque) costs $5, a large $7 and a quart around $10, and they all come with bread! All though carbs are not allowed in my SSS diet, three big hunks of bread for the price of one quart of soup is not too shabby (you can probably tell I really like carbs...) Their Mac & Cheese is kind of bland and sometimes they burn their Turkey Chili. 

Since I can get a plain, old Caesar salad anywhere, I usually go for their Spicy Thai Peanut Chicken salad and replace the cherry tomatoes with artichoke hearts, yum. Their salads are enormous, so I can split this into 2-3 meals. Oh, and go for light dressing if you're on a diet.

My best experience at this SF Soup Co was this one time when I had some serious drunkchies and really wanted soup, so my friend and I ran to the store minutes before it's closing time and ordered (what else?) Tomato Bisque and Turkey Chili... and they gave us a lot of free bread! Sometimes it's the little things in life.
Friendly service & nice atmosphere.  Lentil Burger is great, so is the turkey burger & sweet potato fries.  Beef burgers are only ok.  I liked that they use natural beef, but they are pre-made patties that are unseasoned.  Maybe with a little salt and pepper they would be better.  For burgers, BUNS is still #1!
Everyone loves this place, but I don't fully get it.  Okay the salads are massive and things look fresh.  But the bread was so dry and the place was so in need of a deep cleaning.

Maybe its a Cal thing...go Bears...but it felt like a dusty college spot
So I used to frequent this place when I lived closer to campus.  I now live much farther away but whenever I'm craving a salad, I always end up here.

Good points:
Exceptional value
Almost anything you order here is big enough to split between two people and most of it is priced under $8.

Surprising quality
I'm a bit of a produce snob and after hitting all the farmer's markets and produce shops in Berkeley, I know how hard it is to find good lettuce and tomatoes.  Whoever buys the produce here knows what they are doing because the quality ranges from good to exceptional.  Also the fresh baked honey wheat bread is awesome.  Nice texture, not too wheaty and perfectly sweet.

Not so great:
The place is not the cleanest place on earth, parking can be a hassle, there is invariably a line out the door during lunch time and they are cash only.

Berkeley is likely one of the "healthy" food meccas in this country and I don't think I'd be out of line to say this is one of the best places to get a great salad and sandwich in town.

Last time I was there, I saw a posting saying that the place is changing ownership.  I hope they don't mess it up, because this place hold a key spot in my eating out rotation.
i think the best part of this place is their brownie with melted chocolate... some sort of lava cake type thing, i forgot the actual name.  And then if you top it with some vanilla frozen yogurt... o-m-g... hella good :)

I probably wouldn't have come here if it weren't for the buy 1 get one free offer, and if it weren't for the people I was with, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  It's similar to Fresh Choice in that it's a salad bar buffet with a variety of soups, baked goods, and frozen yogurt.
I used to live right above this place on the 3rd floor back when I was going to school up there... man, I love the huge salad with poppy seed dressing, the bred and if you are lucky enough.. the CORN CHOWDER.. wow.. how I miss that.. when ever I am in Berkeley, have to get my fix.. The sandwiches are awesome as well..
The BOGO coupon was what got me to try this place. I normally go to the one in alhambra but since this location is closer to my place so i decided to give it a try.
saves $5 with the coupon for 2 people

-food: soup: a variety of soup but 3/6 were salty chili based soup,  chicken noodle soup (signature big noodle was tough and you can taste the flour!) pasta selection: only mac and cheese and two other pasta which taste like something you can easily prepare in less than 10 minutes. ran out of Baked potato!!! 
          Desserts were cold and the brownie was hard. I had to cut out the outer crust part to reach the inner semi moist chocolaty part!! only two types of fruits: apple and oranges.  Blueberry jello and some type of fruit salad.  

- parking: inconvenient and confusing, ended up parking on the street

- I ended up eating only 2 plates of salad and a bowl of soup which i probably could have made for myself at home : (
I really miss my marinated-tofu sandwich and giant salad filled college days. Sigh.
Could Blount's crispilicious whole-belly clams taste as amazing without the smell of Warren's ocean air in your nostrils, the summer sun on your face, and the crunch of crushed white shells beneath your flip flops? At 11:25 in the morning on the way home from yoga, I selflessly decided to volunteer as a human guinea pig and find out. After asking the cashier at their new Providence location which contained more clam, the side order or the roll, I ordered a side of whole-belly clams. ("Anything else with that?" "Nope.") I managed to resist the urge to eat it in the car. Despite the drive home, the clams were still crispy, their bellies bursting with umami. Totally worth the cost: $11.95, weird looks from the staff and a large chunk of my self-respect. I'll definitely be back with my husband and kids to eat fried seafood at more more appropriate time of day and in a more socially-acceptable manner.
so sad it's closed! I always had to go there when I'd visit my bff up at Cal so I could get a "Big Salad"  Poppy seed dressing and bread were the best.  What a bummer.  Does the new place have the same menu?
You get what you pay for at Dressed.

More specifically... you'll pay a hefty price for what amounts to fast-food salad, but you'll get a ridiculously plentiful amount of fresh, delicious grub for your money.

My cobb was both extremely filling and satisfyingly tasty.  They certainly don't skimp on ingredients, because every single bite was merrily mixed with crisp greens, bleu cheese, hearty tender chicken, and savory crunchy bacon chunks.  I appreciate that they stir in the dressing thoroughly, so you don't end up consuming it all within the first five bites.

From ordering to delivery of my take-out feast ran roughly five minutes.  Efficient operation which I have no complaints about.  As a bonus, the lady who took my order called me cutesy terms of endearment; how come I'm only given the appellations "dear" and "sweetheart" when I'm in the south?

On an unrelated note... what's with the Pinkberry-esque decor?
This place really is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" as the rating for Yelp goes (5 stars). Whenever it's cold outside and I just want to get something quickly because I'm starving, SF Soup Company always comes to mind. Personally, I like the New England Clam Chowder because with the vegetables and clams, it is very filling, even just the regular size. I also appreciate the sourdough bread that comes with it (a sizable chunk). I tried the wheat roll once, but I definitely prefer sourdough. I took my roommate on my 13847th visit there and she got the tomato bisque, which she thoroughly enjoyed.

One downside is that there isn't much seating- only a few seats by the window. But they definitely make up for it with speedy and friendly service. They also allow you to sample soup before ordering! How considerate. Like I said before, I feel like I've been here thousands of times, and I could definitely come back a few more thousand times without getting tired of it! :)
HUGE, HUGE, HUGE.

I'm a big girl...and the salad beat me.  I ate maybe 1/3 of it?

I went there again with my big brother, and we shared a salad and a sandwich.  The sandwiches are bigger than your head.  We had the BLT and the bacon was super crispy.

Good job cafe intermezzo!  Feed the need cheap!
I'm not sure why Cafe Intermezzo changed their name to Cafe Mattina and then back to Intermezzo, but I don't care. The food never changed and that's all that matters. 
This place has literally THE BEST veggie sandwich I've ever eaten. I've been going here for years and crave it every time I'm away from home. I usually get the Berkeley Special on wheat, which is pretty much the same thing as the hummus sandwich, but without the mayonnaise. I couldn't be less interested in how good their ciabatta bread might be, because their fresh, thick sliced wheat bread is probably the best bread in the world. And same goes for the hummus...there's something ridiculously addictive about it...maybe it's the 20 cloves of garlic it tastes like it has in it.
Go for the half sanwich and half salad combo...the salad is epic. This "half salad" is the size of most full salads and couldn't be further from your standard iceberg crap salad. Tons of sprouts, carrots, tomato, and cucumber. And there's something special about their croutons...I think they're cornbread croutons. I don't know, but they taste amazing when they get all soggy from the herbal vinaigrette. If you want a salad you can't finish, go to Intermezzo. 
But back to the sandwich, I can never turn it down when I'm here and always end up getting both. The only downside of this place is that it's cash only but I work around this slight inconvenience. I've been meaning to write a review for this place since I joined Yelp! and hope I did it justice. Eat here, you will not be disappointed.
Evidently a lot of people don't like Souplantation.  Any place that lets me build my own salad and choose from so many different vegetables, toppings, and dressings gets a decent rating in my book.  Use your AAA discount to save a little.  If I made the same salad at Ralphs it would cost me over $10 bucks!  

However there would be a few changes if I ran this restaurant.  Just minor ones.  I'd offer mixed baby greens and better lettuce (and make sure there's no chance of E Coli scares!)   And then offer tofu, sprouts, and goldfish for the salads.  

Other than that I love it.  Salad.  Some Pasta.  A baked potato with chili.  Some Vegetable soup.  A warm piece of bread or a chocolate muffin.  

Yes, I do agree that it is not the tastiest or top of the line food being offered here, but it's nice to have that variety sometimes for lunch.
I've been to this place a number of times and I LOVE that I have never gotten a single piece of brown lettuce.  I like some things brown...like, uh, my coffee...but no, definitely not my salad.  Today I got soup and salad and it was wonderful!  The poppy seed salad dressing is to die for.

The lines here can get out of control and it can be difficult to find a seat, but I think it's worth it.  For all of the line madness, they're pretty fast and they're polite on top of it (an endangered species in Berkeley service).  0 stars, btw, to that self-important frizzy haired monster that shoved in front of me to order out of turn.

Seriously, the fact that I give a place that doesn't accept credit cards 4 stars says a great deal about it.
Ate lunch with a friend there today. She's lived in Berkeley for three years and never had the mammoth Intermezzo salad! I'm going to suggest that it be part of the campus tour and covered in orientation. My Club Salad w/Ham & Turkey was delicious as ever and my lunch mate enjoyed the Mix Greens.
I have to say the the workers there must either be paid or treated well, because they are so helpful and just have a positive attitude. I tip my hat and my change to all of them for being so nice and charming! They are always great!
Love the Chef Salad here but the place was SUPER DIRTY.  Tables and floor were never cleaned.  And they have cockroaches.

Hopefully if they ever open up again they will get their act together.
Good ole' student prices.  Can't be beat.
a- ok

1. Offers lots of different foods; such variety
 - yet its for the green lovers/salad lovers
2. Customer service? none given/taken
- buffet style, minimal customer service
3. Parking 
- okay parking downstairs level
4. Coupons
- Yes, you can always get coupons online for this place to save money
5. PRICE?
- Definitely expensive for some salad and pasta; we understand its organic and less fattening 
6. Seating
- Great open dining area to sit and lounge around with bathrooms and easily accessible drinks

Get some of their soup on cold days; after a nice workout or some cardio, topping of your dinner with souplantation instead of mcdonalds would greatly help
I friggi' love this place! The servings are HUGE! I had a half BLTA  (Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato & Avocado ) and a half salad with garbanzo beans. The salad is pretty big. I really like that they mix the salad dressing in, if you want them to.  The half sandwich was more than enough by itself. The salad was great too. I also really like the Italian sodas. I normally get mango but they were out this time so I went with peach. I wasn't thrilled with the peach. The entire meal was like $8. 
The service was friendly and fast.
They rock! Check em' out.
This place has really attracted quite a following in just a few days of being open -- apparently sometimes all hungry students want at noon is a chain! (Nothing necessarily against chains; just pointing it out!) 

I took a $2 coupon and a friend to San Francisco Soup Company at noon today. I'd never tried it despite spending a summer in the Financial District, approximately three blocks away from three different San Francisco Soup Cos. I'm not really a huge soup person, but a look at the online menu convinced me there might be something interesting. The line was through the door at noon, but it moved at a reasonably quick pace since everything is premade. I ordered the chicken tortilla soup, grabbed my hunk of sourdough, paid $3 plus some change, and found a spot on the Sproul Hall steps to eat with my friend. (There's nearly no seating, so the latter is a necessity). Service was friendly -- they seem eager to please. They also offer soups and salads, as well as some prepackaged ones by the checkout. 

The soup was pretty good; it has some good variety in texture between the chicken, the cheese, the tortilla chips, etc. However, the intensely high saltiness of the soup got to me after a little while and I wish I had a second piece of bread to counter it. 

I think paying $5+ for a somewhat small-ish lunch isn't necessarily the best deal, and I also think I would've appreciated a soup place opening in the dead of winter rather than the beginning of spring, but it's a perfectly serviceable place for a quick bite in the middle of classes.
The soups here are almost always good and I like that they label what soups are vegetarian, low fat, low sodium, etc, but I don't think it's worth it to eat here more than a couple times a month (if that). For the amount of soup you get, it's pretty expensive, especially considering that amount of money will buy you a much bigger meal in the Asian Ghetto. That said, their clam chowder is delicious! There's a little counter with  a couple places to sit, so it's probably better to plan on having your soup elsewhere.
I've been going to Intermezzo for 11 years and I miss it like crazy! There is nothing like it in OC. The sandwiches and salads are incredibly delicious and their homemade bread is like no other bread. It is perfection - especially the honey wheat with a hint of sweetness. They are very accommodating when it comes to customizing your order, like extra avocado and no sprouts (who actually likes bean sprouts - so retro-vegetarian). 

So although the food and service is worthy of 5 stars, I have to knock one for a combination of things - the line can be ridiculous, cash only, and the portions are huge. I always order my salad or sandwich with a to-go box or wrap.
this is one of my favorite everyday places to go to in berkeley. it's pretty cheap, and really filling/tasty.

i usually just get the veggie delight salad, without dressing, because i don't like dressing...but the poppyseed and herb vinegraite are pretty good. so yeah, i think all of their salads are huge and really filling and delicious.

their soups are alright, not very crazed about them.

their sandwiches are pretty good, i don't have em very often, but their vegan and vegetarian ones are pretty good. 

about the service--sometimes they're nice and friendly, sometimes they're dry or kinda mean...they usu expect you to know what u want and how they do things, so u feel kinda rushed, cuz they do things really fast there. but they're not there for the friendly service anyway, so i'll let them get away with it.
I love this place.  Inexpensive, the food is fresh, the poppy seed dressing is addictive, the salads overflow, the sandwiches and bread are fresh.  Lip smacking good!
Went back for the clams! I got a little 3 clamcake sampler and was blown away to find CLAMS in my clamcakes! Not just like one or two...they were loaded! These my friends are the clamcakes I've always hoped for.

Their white chowder is creamy and clamy, if familiar.  This isn't a bad thing but more likely the fault of a lot of restaurants who actually buy Blount's chowder in bulk. 

I was a bit disappointed by the Clam strips (eaten out of their "greese napkin" of a roll), the clams were a bit overbreaded and tasteless, but then again they weren't the whole belly variety so expectations were low to begin with.  

Their take out service was very fast.

Their seafood options still seem a bit pricy to me, but they do have daily specials worth checking out.
While you do get a big big big salad for cheap, I never really was impressed with the dressing. I've tried other things like sandwiches and soups, and have not been impressed. Maybe if I was a student I'd love this place more, cause you do get a lot of bang for your buck here. The bread is 2 inches thick and it tastes like it must be good for you because it has very little flavor. Overall, it tastes rather bland to me (maybe because it's healthy food?) but I 'd rather go elsewhere. My husband loves it though.
I love this place. Don't go for the hot dogs though, go for the soup or the cajun rice. Don't forget the bread!
Have you ever seen the episode of King of the Hill where Hank joins the co-op grocery and saves the day from all the hippies who have absolutely no idea how to run a business?

Well, Intermezzo must have their own Hank Hill. It will take you about 25 minutes to get a salad that you ordered three times, but it's good and you can't beat the portion sizes. Does anyone really need NINE CUPS OF SALAD???? 

Skip the chicken salad and go for the tuna. It's fantastic.
THIS IS MY SPOT!!! i love me some good soup and salad! HMMM!!! 
I always go with a coupon so for my husband and myself it comes out to about $16 dollars. WHAT A DeAL!!!

The only downside it that it gets SUPER crowded sometimes!
All I remember is average food and outrageous prices.
This restaurant offers salads, sandwiches, soups, baked goods, and made-to-order coffee. The first time I came here I ordered a roasted turkey sandwich. The sandwich was decent--it came with a piece of pineapple and the bread was heavenly, but I found a piece of lettuce in it with some funky brownish goo in it. I wonder what it was... 
My second time here I ordered a tossed green salad with poppy seed dressing on the side. It came with a piece of pineapple and a thick slice of their heavenly honey wheat bread. In terms of size, the salad was above average. It came with more-than-enough croutons, and the dressing was delish, but I noticed that it was mainly lettuce, croutons, and a bit of tomatoes, onions, and bean sprouts. Oh well, you get what you pay for. I didn't eat my croutons and I didn't use all my dressing--I saved the croutons to snack on the next day and I used my dressing in a sandwich I had the day after. Cut down on the calories and save food at the same time--pretty economical, huh? I would definitely come here again for salads and sandwiches. I love sandwiches :D...
Horrible!  They ought to call it "side order" plantation as there is no real food here!  like someone blow said, it feels like they are hiding the entree buffet stations.   it disgusts me that there is no real protein anywhere, unless you pay extra for the Baggie of chicken for the salad.
Okay, just to clear the rumors, yes, Intermezzo has TECHNICALLY been sold.  But the only thing that's changing at all is the legal owner and the sign out front.  I've worked with Intermezzo for around 3 years now, off and on, and now it's called Cafe Mattina.  But the snarky kids behind the counter are still there, the hilarious and awesome kitchen staff is exactly the same, and the menu, ingredients, sizes, and prices haven't changed one bit.

REASON FOR NAME CHANGE:  Intermezzo opened up over 20 years ago, with the name Cafe Intermezzo.  A while later a fancy cafe in Atlanta opened up under the same name.  Aspiring to branch out and become a franchise, the new place copywrited the name.  Now with new ownership the place legally is considered  a new business, and thus legally cannot keep the name, and thus the sign came down and a new one will appear soon.  The new owner was formerly part of the overall management of both Intermezzo and Raleigh's (next door), so he knows how the place operates and how important it is to Berkeley residents and all that.  The place is still the same family it's been for years.  Don't worry, nothing's going away except the name.
Not a great experience, but I'll give it another try, because one soup isn't enough to judge. The service was excellent, even during the lunch rush.  The chicken tortilla soup was mediocre -- more like a tomato soup with a bunch of cumin thrown in. The tuna sandwich was watery and uninteresting. The sourdough bread that came with the soup was outstanding.
I was really excited to try this place when I first saw it because I'm a huge fan of soup.  However, I was slightly disappointed with my all time favorite soup -clam chowder because it was REALLY salty. Maybe it was a bad batch or something but yea, I wished it was better =/. My bf tried the Mexican Wedding soup with the roast beef sandwich. Again, it was good but it wasn't great.
Okay, I probably didn't need to read the review about the rats.  Sure, all old buildings in Oak/Berk probably have them crawling through the substructure , but it's a visual I don't want to associate with Intermezzo...

This place doesn't make anything that you couldn't quite easily prepare yourself at home, but there are days when you just don't want to chop this quantity and variety of produce, and on those days I'm really glad for this place.  It's uber-healthy (try the fat-free salad dressing if - like me - you're into that sort of thing, though I've been told it isn't terribly popular), fresh, filling, and inexpensive.  You usually have to deal with traffic, parking, and a line when you come here, but it's worth it.
My family and I were going to the Fireshow in Providence and this place had a lot of good reviews so we stopped by for lobster rolls before the show. When we first walked it, the cashier was very welcoming and it looked really nice inside. They even have two couch at front so you can sit and wait. 

I was able to get a free soup at the soup bar since I checked in at Yelp (must spend at least $10). I got the chicken tortilla soup which had a good amount of meat, corn, spice and etc. I also got the lobster salad roll which came with french fries and cole slaw. The lobster roll was not as great as I expected. It had a good amount of sweetness and mayonnaise but it wasn't chunks of lobsters. It's was more like mixed shredded pieces of lobster. You should definitely spend a little more and get the Giant Lobster roll which is actual chunks of lobster. The French fries tasted normal and the cole slaw was kind of bland. Overall, the service/food was good and I would definitely come back.
This place is delicious! 

We almost went to Ralieghs but they got shut down! UH OH! 

Today my bestie and I chowed down on sandwiches and salad. She got the eggplant, and I got a veggie without cream cheese sub hummus(I am not that into cream cheese). We each got a green salad, but should have just shared because they are so big. 

The seating here can sometimes be a bit cramped during the lunch rush  but today it was not big deal, and they have these huge windows that make the place feel bigger. 

Minus one star because when I asked to sub hummus for the cream cheese the girl making my sandwich looked at me like I just ruined her life. RUDE. The whole time she made my food she was just glaring at me. I asked, I did not demand hummus. The check out dude was way nice though. Maybe he saw her mean mugs.
I loved their roast beef sandwich, even though I wish they put some more mustard on it (they don't have extra packets). 
The sandwich was thick and dense and...well..designed...I guess.
If you get the half sandwich and salad you'll still get a good sized sandwich with a big salad. Definitely worth trying that. 
It's also a nice place to sit down, even though we had ours to-go.
First the good:

The food THAT WAS STOCKED was fresh and tasty.  
The dining room is warm and inviting albeit a bit on top of each other.
The bakery section was on top of their stock and consistently putting out hot baked goods.  

The bad: 

Parking is under the Souplantation, shared with a huge and popular gym, and a huge office building--so, good luck with finding a space.

We arrived on a Monday night at 8:30 PM.  Now mind you, this is in the middle of Pasadena's shopping and restaurant row on Lake Ave in the middle of summer.  The place was wildly crowded.  We discovered AFTER we had purchased the slightly higher than salad bar priced meal, that they closed at 9,  9??? In the middle of summer, with almost every seat in the dining room filled and swarms of people walking about all the shops and restaurants?  
Adjust your hours, its summer!!!
Then they took out many of my favorites: kidney beans, sprouts, creamy cucumber dressing, plain croutons-- to make room for their new "extra charge items"  These items are cubed chicken, sliced olives(really?!?), edamame, etc...  
Now, at 9 bucks for an amped up salad bar, me thinks we can go ahead and throw in the ol' cubed chicken and other items as included, no?  
Everything was a mess, food everywhere, whatever tables were available had stacks of dirty plates and cups on them.  
The cashier had that "I hate you for coming in a half hour before we close" attitude.
The one bus boy that was visible was overwhelmed by work and he was working his buttox off.  I think he was the only one with this ethic.  I asked him if he was the only one working the enormous 3-sectioned dining room and he looked towards the kitchen and sighed and said "I guess so, its always like this."  I asked what he meant.  He said "They are making their money, we are always busy, but they won't hire or give us enough staffing or hours".  ATTENTION MANAGEMENT:  All corporations WANT you to reduce the hours and staffing to bare minimum.  It is their job to see a huge chunk in the pie chart on variable expenses and to try and shave the outgoing money.  IT IS YOUR JOB to provide a little push-back  to your management and to see the smooth running and profitability of YOUR particular restaurant that you manage!!!!!  
In my profession, I am always at a tug of war with the corporate side of retail over costs and staffing, but I am present and know the needs of the store and it is successful because of my push-back on staffing!
No management was visible anywhere, and the dining room staff, except one, was in hiding.  How about we close at 10, and train the employees to not be off until and HOUR AFTER closing.  That way, there are no hiding employees who are anxious and crabby at customers.
Ok, thats it, clean up your act Pasadena Souplantation.  The "Sweet Tomatoes" I visited in Santa Rosa was the exact opposite of my experience here.  Its in the management....
If they were organic this would be sublime.  They do really great salads.  Lots of salad with hefty portions of toppings.  They do it marble slab style where they apply the dressing on their little chopping board then chop up everything into a nice mesh to make it easy easy to eat.  It takes me a while to finish and sometimes I take it home.  The decor is cute and modern/retro 60s looking with a green and orange theme.
We are a regular here.  Remember to use the coupon from the Sunday paper and it's really reasonable.   It's AYCE, but a little healthier than most places.  Chicken noodle soup has huge chunks of chicken.  Yum.
My brother and I stopped here on our way to a musical on campus. We both got a bread bowl with a large soup that really filled us up. He had the Chicken tortilla soup and I had the Clam Chowder. He said his was good but not as good as the chowder. It was full of yummy veggies and clams that weren't too chewy, just the way I like it. 
This is definitely a grab and go place since there are four seats.
Best soup I've ever had. I try a different kind every time I go. The Wisconsin beer cheddar soup is my all time favorite. I could have it every day.
I read a review on Yelp and decided to try this place. I went on a Sunday morning about 9:30am. There were plenty of seats at this time. I ordered a breakfast burrito and a coffee. The total with tax was around $6.50. The Burrito overall was pretty good and very filling. You can choose many fillings for all the same price. I chose eggs, potatoes, mushrooms and salsa. It was a little runny but very nice flavor. The coffee is individually freshly brewed while you wait and pretty reasonable for the size. Cafe Mattina is also a comfortable place to hang out. I will be back!!
My boyfriend and I dine here once a month using our club veg or newspaper coupons. My boyfriend recommends the strawberry lemonade, the pizza bread and the mac & cheese. I recommend the build your own salad, carbs with the honey whipped butter, the flavored iced teas and the warm chocolate chip cookies they hand out occasionally. The soups, pastas and seasonal items are a hit or miss. Sometimes I forget that everything is vegetarian :) The restaurant is bright and clean. Avoid internet printable coupons because you will be accused of using a fake coupon.
i'm not a huge salad fan, but i like them and i do enjoy a good sandwich. i've had a few different sandwiches and only been mildly pleased with the chicken salad sandwich. the salad is fine; salad is hard to mess up in my opinion. the vinaigrette dressing is good. it's almost always crowded and yeah the bums are a drag. that's berkeley though.
nice enough place with good value, but definitely overrated.
On our way out of Princeton after a long family weekend, looking for a good meal before getting on the road. Saw people sitting outside and everything looked yummy, so in we went.

We ordered 3 different sandwiches from the huge menu, an order of fries, and two of the "fresh" lemonades. Sadly, all were pretty forgettable- all the sandwiches SOUND like they would be delicious, but the quality of ingredients just wasn't there, everything was bland... pair that with the bad service and choice of plastic dinner plates, felt like I was back in the dining hall at college.

edit: While I do appreciate the attempt to make it better from the owner, I'm not going to be in Princeton any time soon, and a not-so-great review is fair game on Yelp; this just happened to be my experience with the shop.
My onion soup was very salty and there was too much cheese on top and the croutons got very mushy in the soup.   Overall not really worth trying to find a parking place in Princeton (Princeton is full of shops for jewelry and colthing but lacking in sandwich and quick bit stops-but it does have some decent coffee places.
one of my favorite spots in Berkeley
SF Soup Co. Is a welcome change to the 'getting old' food variety in the campus community. Salads are always generously prepared with lots of the veggies your mother would be proud of you eating. I usually get the Grilled Chicken Chipotle salad and make a few changes. They're usually very nice and don't give you grief about asking for just a little more.

The only downfall is that with any campus-centric food location lines can be gargantuan. They're pretty quick but sometimes I feel like my 1-hr break between classes can be cut drastically while waiting for my grub.

Definitely a solid eatery. I'll prolly be back twice a week or so haha.
People I know have been raving about Souplantation for a long time. I finally decided to give it a try and I loved it! The blueberry and banana muffins were so delish.  I'm talking warm, soft, muffins that melted in my mouth. I swear I ate about 10 of them.

The soups were good too. Faves were cream of mushroom and chilli. For desert I had their carrot cake which was really  sweet but in a good way. Diabetes ftw.

The location was huge, clean and it had a very diverse group of customers. Clientele consisted of families, young folks, rocker types with those big holey earings lol.  Defintely a fan. Great place if you feel like hitting up a "food chainey" dine in place.
closed!? what? why!?  Please tell me it goes by cafe mattina now?  I moved to nyc and crave for large over the top salads with poppyseed dressing, their vegan hummus sandwhich with fat slices of fresh baked bread.  I once made a bet with a friend that it would be the only salad he could not finish.  He ordered the chef's salad with meat and ate only HALF!  I loveeeee love love this place!
Intermezzo is Heaven! I always order a veggie delight, with poppyseed dressing hold the sprouts extra avacado (they won't charge you for extra) and a freshly made strawberry lemonade...take it to go to a nearby park and not deal with the crowded tables. The bread alone deserves 5 stars....
This place is always packed when you go for lunch. Even though this place might be so packed, the workers behind the counter works very efficiently. I always like to order their sandwich here. Everything they do is out of scratch. They even bake their own bread for the sandwiches.
Lunch time on Saturday, it was completely empty. That was our first sign. My girlfriend and I still decided to give it a chance. We walked up to the counter, where a rude, barely alive young lady was waiting, slouched on her stool. We asked for a sample of the chili, which is when we were told "we don't give samples". A soup restaurant that doesn't give soup samples?! After a rude exchange with her, she called over the owner of the restaurant so she could "better explain to us" why she wouldn't give us a sample. I explained to the owner how it was our first time there and we wanted to sample a soup or two. She was even more rude in her explanation of  her "no sample" policy, insisting it was an unsanitary practice. Even though every other soup place in the world gives samples, they have not figured out a sanitary way to do it yet. Go to the Souper Bowl if you want to eat alone, since no one else is there, and you know exactly what you want, because in addition to no samples, we found out you can't send back something you don't like. We left without buying anything, and the next place we went to, gave us a sample, and we ate lunch there.

* UPDATE *

I've since received a comment about this posting that I'm giving business advice while knowing nothing about business, and once a restaurant gives samples, people sample in excess, forcing the company to go out of business. This is comical. Case in point: The Soup Factory. A delicious soup chain around Boston. They encourage samples. They are an extremely successful chain - a multi-million dollar business. Another example, Panara Bread. They're on the other end of the spectrum, they're not a local chain, but a national one. You can say they're successful. They'll gladly give you samples. Basically, whether a local 1 location eatery or a national chain, everyone gives samples (when you're dealing with foods that lend themselves to sampling, such as soup).
Excellent lobster bisque. Create your own sandwich excellent too! Great local place at reasonable prices.
Get on their email list and you get treated to endless BOGO coupons. Do it now if you're even considering going there.

Wish we had this in Glendale, but it's worth the trip for our family. Fresh & healthy and pretty clean.  Also a great place for my kid who prefers to eat only healthy food.

Parking is a big pain and still a bit confusing to me. We tend to go on evenings and you aren't allowed to park in many places- and it's shared with the fitness center. Screw you, fit people! Imma hungry and you're hoarding all the parking spots to the buffet.

Food: always changing the menus (good thing) and usually tasty. Truly one of the best values for food.

Breakfast only on Sunday mornings - cheap with a BOGO coupon but seriously lacking a breakfast staple - PANCAKES. 
isn't that illegal?!
The food here was alright. Had the lobster chowder and a turkey sandwich. I thought the chowder had a little sweet wine taste to it and I did not fancy that too much. Then again, I don't typically have seafood. Perhaps the 3rd time I've ever had lobster in my life.
This isn't the usual location that we're usually eating at. I was actually surprised to see how different each location has been, because you know some chains are exactly the same no matter where they are.

Anyway still on point with the salads and what not but sadly this location doesn't have as many types of soup as the one in Beverly Hills. I was bummed the clam chowder wasn't on point as it usually is. Chicken noodle is always good with their big chunks. This location actually had a lot of seating but there weren't that many people there when we went. 

They actually got half a star for the type of music they were playing. Bobby brown my My Prerogative, then thriller and more 80s and early 90s hits hahaha so a ++ on that.

But blah wack that it was street parking.
It's been 6 years since I was last in Berkeley, and I came here today for lunch with my friend and his ex-gf, or as he refers to apparently, "stupid bitch".
The food was quite good, the sandwich size they give you kind of seems like it's not all that much.  It's just a regular wonderbread-sized sandwich with a bunch of stuffing in it cut in half.  However, the sandwich was actually quite filling and I was stuffed all day.  It could either be me or the fact that I have a somewhat small stomach.  I prefer you get the combo meal, which is the half salad, half sandwich choice, which they give you HELLA salad, in a bowl 2x the size of your ass! That'll cost like 8 bucks
I didn't get it because I forgot to order it, but I got the roasted ham sandwich--quite good.  But since my friends got combos and gave me some salad, in a sense I still got the combo.

Their bread and lettuce is very fresh, and poppy seed dressing is good too.  Check your teeth after though b/c you might get black bits inbetween your teeth, and I won't say anything.  I'll just look straight at them though.

Oh yeah, withdraw some cash at your nearest bank because this place doesn't accept credit cards!
How this place only has three stars is beyond me.  This is my favorite place to eat for lunch.  Unlimited salad, soup, pasta, pizza, and ice cream for $8.  3 stars?  The food is incredible.  Salad is fresh, soup is hot, pizza comes fresh out of the oven every 10 minutes.  Pasta's are not bad.  Full baked potato bar with sour cream, chives, butter, bacon bits.  Soft serve ice cream for dessert with chocolate syrup.  What more do you dopes need?  Hit it up.
We've been needing something like this in Providence for a long time. I'm from South County originally and I moved back to Rhode Island after years away from New England heavily anticipating a life full of delicious seafood once again. No longer will I feel like my only option is to head down to Narragansett. 

I've heard many people rave about Legal Sea Food's chowder. But guess what... it's Blount! Panera's soup? Blount!

I will be back, regularly.
I'm a big fan of the Chicago Hotdogs, fresh drinks and their amazing pommes frites (French Fries). The soups are really good too. People get confused by their menu board, so I recommend grabbing a printed menu to make your choices.
Three things come into play: quality, quantity, and value. The quality is questionable sometimes; I have mixed feelings about people wearing latex gloves fixing my food. It's not BAD, per se, and is probably better than a bunch of germy hands, but I'm feeling the every-other-meal fresh glove donning, nay? 

Quantity is obscene. I don't think I've ever finished a meal at Intermezzo and I can pack away some food! Even the smaller, plain salad is too big to finish. I do also love the ginormous hunk of bread-that-tastes-more-like-cake, as well. 

Value is superb. Less than $6 for two meals worth of food? If only it kept better, I'd happily turn it in to two meals, but see "quality" above. Just so much food, it's best to go with a companion and share!

I love the poppy seed dressing. It's more of a vinaigrette than the dressing they call "vinaigrette" I think. The vin is too sweet and damnit vinegar is sour and therefore a vinaigrette is not supposed to be full of sweetness. It needs some tang!

This place is crazy shady but I love it anyway.
Adam and I came here the other day and got into a fight. This is not unusual because Intermezzo makes me nuts. You get there and there's inevitably a huge line, though it moves quickly. Then you've got to game the place seeking a place to sit. And once you're seated, it's loud and chaotic.

Until recently, I still would've given these guys a four- if not five-star review regardless of its chaos. After all, it's Telegraph -- what do you expect? But this last time, I took a moment to take a good look at my meal. I do like their chicken-salad sandwich -- always get it -- and the house-made bread is spectacular.

But their much-vaunted salads are nothing more than a bunch of chopped produce. Hell, I can do that myself, albeit not on such a grand scale. The dressings don't do much for me either. Throw in the many reports of mice, and I think I may stay away from Intermezzo for a while. Adam and I can bicker elsewhere.
ahh yumm!! pretty much every saturday i crave a veggie delight salad with the vinaigrettes oh my goodness. i swear they put crack in their dressing, it's addictive... though ever since my first time here, i never tried any other dressing besides the vinaigrette. hmm
service is fast and simple, while you have to not be afraid to yell out your order.
the whole wheat bread you get on the side is amazinggg it makes me want to cry.
mmm..
ooh! and their sandwiches are yummy too,though i recently started getting them. I've had the tuna, pastrami and the turkey, which are all yummy!
super yummy, GIANT PORTIONS, really nice folks. It's true, it's kinda slobby, but I LOVE it. Enough for at least two meals, if not three. Great bread, too!
I go here since it's really close to my shuttle stop.  I've had the chili here before but I wasn't too crazy about it.  It doesn't have much of a kick to it so I always end up having to add some hot sauce in it.  However, lately my soup cravings involve Clam Chowder and I've been pretty happy with SF's Soup Company's chowder.  The chowder is very filling and I always feel like I am about to explode from eating it all!  The wheat bread roll is really good with the soup however I always wish I grabbed a second roll (an extra 30 cent charge I think) since I'm usually breadless.  Overall, a good place near campus.  I've also been told that the corn chowder is super good as well!
I'm a fan and frequent patron of the Blount Clam Shack in Crescent Park, so when I found out that they were opening a restaurant in Providence, I had to go.  They had everything on the menu that the clam shack had even a few more items and of course, soups for the soup bar.  The interior of the restaurant had a beachy New England theme and the counter service reminded me a bit of Iggy's in Warwick.  I ended up getting the unlimited soup bar (just $2.95 with a platter/entree) and the clam strip platter.  I wanted to try all of the soups, but ran out of steam after trying just three.  I had the New England Beef Stew, the Scallop and Bacon chowder and the Shrimp and corn chowder.  All were good but needed a little more seasoning to be really good.  My only knock on the soup bar is that it did not include a clam chowder of any kind.  The platter was generously portioned similar to its sister store in Riverside; I ended up taking half of it home.  I will definitely be back to the latest incarnation of one of my all-time favorite RI clam shacks.
It's not super clean, the line is always long, and the cute hippy-punk staff is a little sloppy sometimes with the customer service. But I keep coming back because it is really the best deal on Telegraph for good, filling, healthy food that's cheap and hits the spot. I love their vegetarian chili, the famously big salad, and all of the sandwiches. 

Go if you're on a budget, go if you don't want some greasy Telegraph food, go if you are hungry. But maybe don't go if you like to be served in a clean, peaceful environment.
Been going here since my college days--back when they had ROUND croutons instead of the square croutons they have today.  (Bring the round croutons back!).

BEST salads ever.  I love them.  I still eat them regularly.

The poppy seed dressing is the BEST.EVER.  I wish they would just bottle the poppy seed dressing and sell it to me.  Brianna's poppy seed comes close but Intermezzo's poppy seed dressing is better (because it's the BEST).
Sorry Le Dog, I made a mistake by thinking you were a Hot Dog place. I mean, your name IS Le Dog. I realize after reading all these reviews I should have ordered soup. So for now, I will have to give you 1 star, and when I return and have the soups, I will reconsider. 

Anyway, about the hot dogs, the buns were straight from a bag, low quality, not toasted at all. The meat itself was like straight from a supermarket as well. Very poor quality. People who have been to Berkeley know the high quality hot-dog place called Top Dog, I was hoping for something like this, but was very dissapointed. I think if the hot dogs themselves are so poor, they should just re-name the shop Le Soup and stop serving hot-dogs altogether. I am very curious to go back and have some soup though.

In summary - my bad for not ordering soup, but Le Dogs bad for selling hot-dogs and naming themself le DOG.
Closed. Boo? This place rocked. Hope another location opens.
Le Dog is awesome.  go there.  but don't buy hot dogs!  buy soup.
My new favorite "healthy" spot in Berkeley.  

My friend and I decided to share a sandwich and a salad:  We ordered the chicken salad sandwich on honey wheat bread.  I have to say, since I'm a fan of toasted sandwiches, it would have been perfect if it was toasted.  But, nonetheless, the honey wheat bread- with the hint of sweetness- kept me going for another bite even though I had a salad to work on .  

My eyes almost exploded when I saw the Chef's salad. It was mounted high with meat of choice (we chose turkey), croutons, brussel sprouts, tomatoes, eggs, lima and garbanzo beans....we were in awe!  People warned me about how big the salads are, but being the salad lover that I am, I had to see it to believe it.  Even after what seemed like endless digging into the bowl of veggies, it didn't look like we even put a dent in it,...plus, we still had plenty left to take to-go. 

Very laid back, fun and loud spot to grab lunch or dinner.  Definitely coming back.
Easily the most adorably decorated place I've ever seen!  Everything is green; appropriate for a salad place I suppose.
     Now as a general rule, I don't really care for cold food unless it's salad accompanying or directly preluding warm foods.  So, unfortunately, I have a hard time eating at Dressed as much as I'd like to.  I say that because the food is truly well done.  The salad toppings are all very high quality, fresh, creative ingredients.  I mean falafel, salami, white beans, asparagus??? Definitely NOT your average salad toppings!  Best part:  there are like 8million different dressings to choose from!  Pesto vinaigrette, tzatziki, white wine vinaigrette, among others.  Also, the lettuce is always very fresh, never wilted.
   Luckily, for hot food lovers, they do have a couple soups.  I was very impressed with the turkey chili.
     Another plus, the staff is very friendly and professional.  If your having trouble making up your mind (and, believe me, you will), they are glad to help.
So many options, so little time on my schedule...had enough time today to sit down and enjoy my selections.   I chose the Grilled Salmon Salad and a small bowl of chili to start.  

The chili was delivered to my table within 2 minutes. It was nice and hot..the way a soup should be served...and tasted great!

The salad was served to me in a big glass bowl. It was delicious...the flavors of the goat cheese, sweet onions, pine nuts, tomatoes, and sun-dried tomato vinaigrette dressing were all blended perfect with nothing overpowering!  Well worth the $9.75!

I took one of their new smoothies to go...the Pretty Peaches...a mix of peaches, mangos and vanilla yogurt....was a bit on the sweet side for me but very good nonetheless!

I'll be back for sure!
You must order the Lobster Bisque. It is really good! Smooth and creamy with chunks of lobster. Most people don't think of stopping by this place cause they only think of hot dogs but you really have to try it. It is so good and this place is not open all year around. So make sure you stop by when the weather is warm.

The hot dogs are pretty decent too. They have turkey dogs which is really interesting and healthy.
I'm the kinda person likes to keep it simple. No sprouts, no beans and I'll take a ranch or Italian, heck even ceased salad dressing then you wont like these salads. Went there for the first time today. Not impressed, probably wont be going back. I got a sandwich and a salad and neither was all that great. Then to make matters worst their chocolate chip cookie was dry just like the bread served on the side of the salad. I had such high hopes since everyone praises this place, but to me it was just a let down :/
I like big salads loaded with hummus, homemade bread, et cetera.

If I'm Telegraphing, Mezzo's all right with me.  The coffee's solid too.
Food: 3.5 Stars
Value: 5 billion Stars
Atmosphere/Service: 2.5 Stars

*Value*
I eat here about once a month with a couple buddies that are 6'3"-ish and eat like bears (haha becuase they graduated from Cal).  We order one chef salad and an extra bag of bread.... to share.  We call it the "Three-Way Split."  It's $2.75 per person... absolutely ridiculous.

*Food*
We get the Chef Salad with "Half Bacon and Half Tuna" and the Poppy Seed dressing.  We also usually ask for 2/3 dressing as well.  The salad comes with croutons, egg, various vegetables including avocados.  The vegetables are always fresh and of high quality.  The two dressings that I've had, poppy and blue cheese-ranch, were light and flavorful.  The tuna is delicious, but adding the crisp texture of the bacon helps to balance out the textures and add a little saltiness to the salad.

The bread ends which are $.50 extra for a whole bag are a little bit on the dry side, but for $.50... I mean, can you really complain about anything if you're getting it for $.50?

*Atmosphere/Service*
Cafeteria line style ordering... Crowded space... Self-serve water, utencils, napkins... and if you're not used to the Telegraph scene, some of the shady looking characters can throw you off...... but if you're having second thoughts now, go read the first 2 sections.



Go with a couple friends and share a salad for lunch.  It's a great way to catch up and share a meal.
Le Dog is delicious!

I have tried about six of Le Dog's soups, and each one has been delicious. I'm a pescatarian, and I they almost always have 2-3 non-meat selections available. My favorite of their soups is the mushroom barley, but they are all good!

If you want the full selection, it's better to go well before they close at 2:30, because sometimes they run out of some flavors or bread before they close. 

The only reason I am giving them four stars instead of five is because they use styrofoam for their soup. I live right around the corner and don't go nearly as much as I would if they used less wasteful non-petroleum based containers.
If you ever need a good dose of fiber, come here for their salad.  I don't know what they put in it, but it has some pretty supernatural effects on my stomach.  

Poppy seed and Vinegarette dressings are both exceptional.  The sandwiches are stuffed into fresh baked bread.  Portions are extremely filling!  There was only one time where my sandwich wasn't stuffed with meat, but I blame myself for that one...  

Usually, I got the half sammich/salad combo to-go to take back to my apartment, where my to-go bag felt like holding a punching bag.  I was having a crumby day one day and ended up accidentally mad dogging the sandwich maker in my hatred towards life.  

Unfortunately, he took it personally and Mr. Grumpy face spread like a disease.  Sooooorryyy.  Lesson learned.  I walked out and my to-go bag felt like it was filled with nothing but air.  Mah baaaaad.  Note to self:  Remember to give the sandwich maker a SMILE, even it's one of those fake crooked smiles hahaha.
There's a reason why there's a constant line outside the store during lunchtime with businessmen and broke college students alike. The interior is very calm, with plenty of seating and a moderate amount of space between them. Fortunately, the number of people ordering take-out helps to alleviate the crowd, and it's pretty easy to find a seat even during the lunch hour rush.

Order their $5.25 combo, which gets you an incredible load of salad and half of a sandwich (with a thick slab of bread to boot).

The salad is hard to complain about - huge portions and tasty dressings - I prefer their poppy seed, which is sweet but doesn't overwhelm the taste buds.

They have some healthy drinks, like strawberry lemonade (which a tad watery), which range from $1-$2.

Cheap and filling veggie food.

A note of warning for those who like to eat late (after 8:30pm): They run out of ingredients. According to the guy who was preparing my salad, they've had cases where they ran out of regular salad with two hours to go.
I've been to this location twice since January, 2008. Both times were because I was off to get pierced at Anomaly (on Green Street) and it seemed convenient. Boy, was I wrong! Parking is around the block in an underground parking lot, so unless you "know" the area, you'll be hiking quite a distance in order to even find the place. 

The first time, the food was okay, but the restrooms were dirty. THe last time, the staff was rude. I don't plan on returning to this location.
it's back!
I absolutely adore this place. where else can you find the largest, and possibly yummiest salad, you've ever had in your life for a little over 5 dollahs? or half salad half sandwich for the same price? Or soup? 

Please, open one in SF. I promise I'll eat there at least once a week.
Le Dog is my jam for lunch. I get filled up on one soup ..and 3 glasses of water. (I'm trying to diet over here)

I had the pleasure of eating their Lobster Rolls, which apparently they only feature 2X a year! That's correct.. you heard right.. 2X a year. I'm told these rolls are not authentic per Maine & NE standards. BUT they were still the bomb.

soups are all delicious; you can't go wrong here. I always seem to run out of bread. The crusty bread to soup ratio could closer to 1:1.... but hey, you can always BYOB right?? :)

Prices are on point, standard AA pricing. 

Staff are outright surly and impatient with out-a-towners AND douchebags on their phone.. but this is a hallmark of Ann Arbor institutions
HUGE salads and great sandwiches. There's always a line out the door, and for good reason. Lots of bang for your buck.
Taste: 4
Value: 3
Service: 4

I've been here close nearly twenty times, so I've sampled almost all of their soups, and tried a good chunk of them, which I'll comment on:

Grandma Mary's Chicken Soup: A flavorflul, soothing broth full of chunks of hand pulled Chicken, Parsnips, Carrots, Celery and Egg Noodles finished with fresh Dill.
Not bad, but definitely too watery. Also, the soup is a little dry, and I usually feel somewhat thirsty afterwards.

Organic Southwestern Corn Chowder: A delectable blend of Roasted Corn, Red Bell Peppers and Red Skinned Potatoes simmered with Ancho, New Mexico and Chipotle Chiles. 
Pretty good. I like the corn chowder, and overall it's quite yummy.

New England Clam Chowder: A thick, rich and creamy traditional recipe loaded with Clams from the North Atlantic and Red Skinned Potatoes. 
Okay clam chowder, but I've definitely had better.

Mexican Chicken Tortilla: A savory blend of Grilled Corn Tortillas, oven-roasted Tomatoes, Red Bell Peppers, Jalapenos, Garlic, Cilantro and Basil loaded with chunks of Grilled Chicken. 
Pretty good and kind of similar to the Southwestern corn chowder. However, this one is a little bit spicier iirc.

Albondigas: A rich and zesty Mexican style soup loaded with Beef Meatballs, chunks of Potatoes and Carrots in an Ancho Chile, Tomato and Garlic infused broth. 
Not bad, but it was definitely too salty.

Matzoh Ball Soup: A rich chicken broth with hand rolled Matzoh Balls, big chunks of Chicken, Carrots, Celery, Parsnip and Fresh Dill. 
Didn't like this soup. It was pretty much just watery chicken broth with two huge Matzoh balls, which tasted a bit weird. There wasn't that much of the chicken and other ingredients.

Also, they give you a piece of bread with every soup order for free. They used to give huge chunks of bread, but unfortunately now they're pretty small. Also, you can add on a sandwich for only a little bit more. I've tried their chicken sandwich, and it's pretty good.

Overall, decent soups for a chain, but a bit too expensive ($6 for a regular bowl of soup). My tip would be to give them a try and sample a couple soups before you decide on what to get. They also have a nice list here with ingredients, nutrition facts, and best of all, pictures: http://sfsoupco.com/index.php?id=16
Whoa their honey wheat bread is incredible! 

Their salads are big enough to feed a small family and they are cheap, too.... So if you're strapped for cash but want to give your kids something healthy (not fast food) this is the place... You could easily feed a family of 2-3 (with reasonable appetites) here for $15 or less - think sharing a giant salad and a sandwich.
*Review for Intermezzo formerly known as Mattina, formerly known as Intermezzo... just copy and pasted from my other review*

Can you get full on salad?? YES! Cafe Mattina now again called INTERMEZZO is one of the great healthier options near UC Berkeley campus with hearty portions.  Skip the pizza, Durant Square ("Asian Ghetto"), hoagies, etc.... come on down to Cafe Mattina. Be prepared for a wait during peak hours but things move along pretty fast. Cool folks.  Been coming here since 2000 and had a rude person once but probably was just having a bad day.

REMEMBER, this is on Telegraph, not downtown San Francisco.  It's a fresh salad in huge portions.  Not your endive, chicory with herb focaccia crouton, grilled organic hormone free chicken, fresh peas, champagne vinaigrette with white truffle oil salad for $20..  OH AND.. if you don't like sprouts or beans that much, let them know. They'll make it however you ask! That's what eateries do.  Got a class, assignments, exam to study for? You'll want something lighter, without MSG and something that won't make you snore in class for the same price.

Let's highlight the Chef Salad with Chicken Salad as the meat of choice, poppy seed dressing - to go. just under $8.
- maybe 3.5 cups of lettuce??
- 3/4 cup of sprouts
- tomatoes, cucumbers, croutons, egg, avocado
- 1 cup of garbanzo/kidney beans (2 handfuls)
- 3/4 cup chicken salad (pretty yummy, more sweet than salty)
- poppy seed dressing (with a little tang..not as sweet)

You know those plastic to go containers? it is SO PACKED your salad will spill out, open with caution.  Makes you realize just how little other restaurants are actually putting in your container. Get dressing on the side if you aren't going to eat it in the next 5 minutes. You can share this between 3 people, it's that much... but that's just not sanitary.  If you are watching calories, put the dressing on the side.  If you like crunchy lettuce and croutons until your last bite, dressing on the side.  That's it folks, nice alternative and a great rustic, cozy feel on the inside. Used to go at the end of the day and get 2 huge loafs honey wheat bread for a buck or two..or they'd just throw in huge chunks to feed us starving students! Oh and it's not that dirty...not sparkly but not cockroachy either.
I love the mystery of Le Dog... will they be open when I walk by?  Will they still have the soup I've been waiting all week for?  Will they be out of the pretzel rolls?  What special soups will they have today?

That being said, the earlier you get there the better, cuz once it's gone, it's gone!  It's like you are buying a designer, limited edition soup, which I think adds to the charm and mystique of this strangely sophisticated hot dog stand.  I love the Italian Wedding Soup, the Canadian Beer Cheese, and pretty much every other soup I have ever tried there (A veg chili, A sausage/kale soup, Chicken and Dumpling) EXCEPT their most famous soup which is the Lobster Bisque.  I found it watery, too salty, and not enough Lobster!  Not that I was expecting a tail in there or anything, but it was all very flakey and small.  I think the biggest piece I had in mine was a little piece of the thumb part of the claw.  Underwhelming, to say the least.

The cherry lemonade is one of my faves (but fair warning- it is quite sweet) as are the Zingerman's freshly baked pretzel rolls that are only available for purchase with a soup.  This a a great take out spot- or a great place to pick up soup for a fall picnic in Liberty Square.
Cute ambiance for eating in.  I ordered my meal to go and in hindsight, glad I ordered two things because the sandwich was tiny and contained a layer of chicken salad about as thick as one piece of sliced bread.  The salad was a nice size though the container was only filled 3/4 of the way, leaving me to feel like they were skimping on the lettuce.  Not a favorite, but somewhere I'd eat again.
When u wanna carb load this is the place to go. Soup, salad, muffins, and cornbread. Yummy. They just need more protein, i hate having to pick out all the chicken from the chicken noodle soup (with a soda on the side)!
I waited years until finally coming here. I walked by and was always like, "yum! that looks so good!" Maybe I overhyped this place in my mind, but I was rather disappointed. I mean, it was okay, but just not like what I thought it would be.
Fresh, quick, delicious, custom salads. All served in a cool decor. That sums it up - go here!
I am soooo happy SF soup finally came here! I love both their organic soups...Smokey peas and chowder...both very tasty. The staff are also very clean and polite. The line moves pretty fast specially during lunch time. Yum!
Was in San Francisco for a friend's birthday, and decided to venture out to Berkeley to see another friend in law school. We wandered into this place not knowing what to expect, but the staff made the experience worth while. Very helpful and friendly, and I would recommend anyone visiting Berkeley to check it out.
Big sandwhiches, big bread, big salads.  

If you are looking for quantity... this place fits the bill... and that's what a lot of college kids are looking for.  

Most of the time, it's good to share the portions between a couple of people.  Half sandwhich/half salad is really about what 2 people should be sharing anyway... unless you are a gi-monster... or as fat as I have been lately.

So... holy crap, 199 reviews... that makes mine #200?  cool.
With a name like Dressed, I was not expecting amazing salads, more like a personal shopper.  Either of which I would have been happy but I was hungry so the fact that it was a salad bar, I was extremely happy!

The decor looks very similar to a PinkBerry, white with neon colors, very new age.  When I first approached and saw the salad bar options I started drooling.  Everything looked so fresh and yummy.  The menu has predetermined mixes but you also have the option to build your own salad.   I went with my favorite, BLT - Bacon is a weakness....i can't help it.  It is basically like coldstone in that they gather everything you want in the salad and then mesh it all together with the dressing and add warm pita bread to the top.

I was extremely impressed with the freshness and crunch of the lettuce alone.  The oregano vinaigrette dressing was so bold and a perfect partner to the bacon.  The portion looked huge but I ate it within 10 minutes, it was perfect.  

The windows to the front of the store are tall and gives an open feeling to the restaurant, however, the door is huge and white in the middle of all the windows.  It looks so weird, just doesn't mesh well.  I wonder why it is designed like that or if it is just for this location?
A good salad is so satisfying and really hits the spot.  I will be in search of something similar in the Orlando area, there has got to be something like it.
Love this place! It never gets tiring for me to bring friends who have never been here and see their jaw's drop when they get their chef salads.  Especially when one gets used to the ridiculous way other places charge salads by the quarter pound.

One note to those working there, even if you don't eat or like meat, don't mock the rest of us that do.  Last time some veggie only lover pummeled my chef salad meat until it was unrecognizable.

Besides that, love it, love it, love it.
Finally got around to trying Le Dog. The chicken tortilla soup was incredible! A bit pricey given the other options in the area (ends up being $7 for a soup and a chunk of bread) but definitely worth it if you are in the mood for soup.
came here for lunch with a friend, this place is cheap and quick, fed two people for under 20 bucks

combination with half turkey on honey wheat, salad had poppyseed dressing, also a teango drink (very refreshing)

the portions are huge, you definitely get what you pay for
Ate here with hubby for "lunner" (lunch-dinner) yesterday. Went at a random time 3:30ish and it was so nice and quiet! Usually when we go for lunch or dinner, it's a mad house. 

Join the veggie club, and you'll always get coupons. They no longer give AAA discounts. They have it all - soup, salads, different dressings, pastas, baked potato, breads, yogurt, fruit, chocolate mousse, and various sodas, teas, and coffee. Love the wonton happiness salad and French onion soup. Just wish they'd make the French onion soup a staple...it's rarely there when we go. There is a "premium" salad bar that's an extra $2.50 or so. I'm just not sure if that's every time you go to the salad bar or if it's a one-time deal. They have grilled chicken and other stuff.  

2 hour validated parking during the weekdays and free parking on the weekends.
I work down the street from this place, so after eating nearly every vegan soup on their rotating menu (the ones marked with both a "V" for vegetarian and a "D" for dairy-free), I am finally ready to review it.

First, it's great that they clearly label everything in terms of vegetarian, dairy-free, gluten free, etc.  Two of their signature soups (the ones they always serve) and a whopping 15 of their rotating daily soups are vegan.  That's one of the cool things about this place, is that the menu changes daily.

Out of the dozen-plus soups I've had from here, there have only been maybe one or two that were genuinely bad.  Then there's a large amount that are okay or decent.  And finally there's a few that are really good.  I can't remember what I've thought about every single soup, but I'll try to break them down into those three categories:

BAD:
Gazpacho - just was not good; only served during the warmer time of year

OKAY:
Smokey Split Pea - one of their signatures, more like mush than soup, but still decent
Black Bean Chili
Indian Lentil
Market Vegetable Soup
Mediterranean Lentil Stew w/ Spinach
Savory Lentil
Portabello Mushroom Chili
Vegetarian Thai Red Curry

GOOD:
Southwestern Corn Chowder - this is another signature soup, and it is REALLY good
Caribbean Sweet Potato - sweet, rich and creamy, thanks to the coconut milk in it
Minestrone
Vegetarian Tortilla - SO GOOD!  probably my favorite; I like it with tortilla chips crumbled on top

They also serve salads, but I haven't tried any of those.  The only sandwich I've had is the hummus wrap, which is the only vegan-friendly one so far as I can tell.  It's got some decent veggies in it and some pretty good hummus.  The sourdough bread that you get for free with your soup is decent.  It's not Acme Bread good, but it's good enough.  Props for having compostable spoons, but they ought to just go all the way and have compostable everything (see Amanda's or Chick-O-Peas as examples in Berkeley).

Overall, a good place to grab lunch in the Telegraph/Southside area.  If you're a "poor" college student looking for the greatest bang-for-your-buck price-to-portions ratio, this might not be the place for you.  For us non-students and others who care about quality food and not just whatever is the absolute cheapest, I recommend it.
Where else can you get you a large salad box topped with just about everything? Cafe Intermezzo offers exactly that along with a thick slice of their homemade honey wheat bread and a slice of fruit. Quality has gone done a little bit. Occasionally I find withered greens in my salad or eggs with slight discoloration. However, I really can't complain seeing that each Intermezzo salad can be divided into at least 2 meals. 

I've had their sandwiches, soups and most of their salads. My favorites have been their veggie delight (or chicken salad if you're getting the chef's salad) which has red beans, garbanzo beans, sprouts, croutons, cherry tomatoes, a hard-boiled egg and an avocado half. You chose to have your dressing on the side or tossed in. I recommend getting either their famous poppy seed dressing or the herbal vinaigrette. Both are equally good, depending on your taste buds. Keep in mind that the poppy seed dressing is made from mayo, which is why it is so creamy. The herbal vinaigrette has the perfect balance of sweet and tart. Get dressing on the side if you decide to split into many meals. SALADS are HUGE! 

Their soups are somewhat mediocre,. Although, I think their veggie chili and curry udon are pretty good. They taste great with the honey wheat bread.

Sandwiches are GIGANTIC too...making them kind of hard to eat. Honey wheat bread is used and the slices are so big that it can be hard to take a whole bite of the sandwich. I've gotten it with their chicken salad and blt. Both are delicious...just big, like everything else there.

Personally, I really like their honey wheat bread. You can purchase a whole loaf of bread for $5 (i think) or a bag of their bread ends for only $0.50!!! I think that's pretty amazing in and of itself. 


I've been coming to Cafe Intermezzo since a freshmen at Cal and I still think this is probably the tastiest, healthiest deli around Berkeley. So definitely pop in for a nice dose of your daily veggies. ;)
This place COULD be a franchise and make tons of money. Everything is HUGE, ORGANIC, tasty and fun. I love the combinations, and especially the poppy seed dressing and the chicken salad (though it could use a tad more salt, so I add bacon to it) I seriously love the concept though, and it's pretty amazing that even with such a long line, I can always find a place to sit. Long live the avocado!
still there same menu they just changed the name.  NOT closed don't believe the hype
I've actually only gone here once, and was pretty tasty! When people say, "THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT," they aren't kidding

If I were to describe Intermezzo in one phrase, the first thing that would come to mind is, "HUGE SALADS." I'm pretty sure Godzilla would find them small, but hey, that's him.

Anyways, it can get crowded, but I like the ambience of the place. The salads are very large, so I usually get the half-size or order it to-go so I can save it to eat later. 

The service is really great and really accommodating. Their salads have a good variety of dressings to choose from, and my favorite, UNLIMITED TOMATOES, BABY! 

Their greens are always chopped to-order, so it's nice to know it's not just sitting there wilting. 

Well, if you're not full from eating your gigantic salad, there's always a nice piece of hearty bread for you to nimble on until you feel your stomach smiling from being so full.
If you're looking for a quick, healthy, and relatively cheap lunch or dinner spot, Caf Intermezzo is for you. 

I've been a regular here for the past four years, and have never left unsatisfied.  Since, the portions are absolutely enormous, I recommend splitting meals. For example, the "Veggie Delight" salad costs $6.50, but can easily be split into two meals. I often get the 'combo' for $7.00, which is a choice of half sandwich/ salad, soup and salad, or sandwich and soup. Make sure to check the "soup of the day." 

Before 11am, Intermezzo also serves Berkeley's best breakfast burittos. For $4.50, you select your own ingredients, and wait no more than 5 minutes for a steaming hot, fresh burrito. Ingredient options include eggs, beans, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, spinach, brocolii, carrots, and cheese.  It's the absolute BEST hangover food.
sad. I hope Mattina is as good.
4 Words: Best Hangover Food Ever...well, within walking distance since good pho is miles away.  It's warm, delicious soup that you can eat with shaky wrists covered in blacklight stamps and 21+ bracelets.  Nourishing liquid that stays down and settles with that pint of Jack Daniel's you downed to prove your unquestionably virile male dominance.

I see that the people griping about the soup quality are also the most unadventurous reviewers, tending to stick to bland/safe choices like split pea, gazpacho, clam chowder, etc.  Dude, it's split pea, of course it's going to be bad.  Frankly, if you're coming here you should probably have a predilection for soups that aren't purchasable in condensed cans from the Walgreen's across the street.  Then again it must be really really warm and safe in the hugbox of quotidian mundaneness.

Just sayin'.

I only eat/drink the more funky and exotic soups.  Chicken Tikki Masala ? Pour me a bowl!  Thai Curry and Jamaican Jerk? Two please! Poached Berkeley Squirrel w/ Acorn Syrup? Scrape that lil' fella off the front tire and into the vat!

Sandwiches are mediocre.  I really expect something more filling, tasty, and not pre-made/wrapped in Saran Wrap for the cash, but then again it's called the Soup Company, not the Sandwich Company.

TL;DR: Get only the soups that have really foreign sounding words in them or have another country in their sobriquet.  Trust me, you won't go wrong.
BIGSALADS from Godzillaville. AWSHIT can't catch Mothra NO MO'. TAIL TOO FAT, draggin' ME DOWN... need to lightun up and eat salad SAAALAAAD!!!!

Yeah the salads are BIGHUGE here and on the cheap. Maybe they own a million acres of lettuce in some backlot in Berkeley, or Telegraph is lined with truckloads of the green shit at 3AM. Beans and greens and veggies and sprouts (and meats if that's your take...) and if you order one, it all gets tossed and mashed in a big ass mixing bowl with dressing and you get to eat it. Intermezzo has some kind of divine connection to the Salad Gods because no other salad I've tasted blows out my taste buds like the one's here. When I eat it I'm in such a feeding frenzy there's a three foot radius of salad shrapnel all around. The meal also comes with a hunk of tasty bread. 

They also have soups and generous sized sandwiches but it's the salad that's the main score for me. 

This place does get crazy packed with all forms of Berkeley denizens and you might get matched with a wacked server at the order counter but that adds to the unique vibe right? Godzilla nods a BIGUP TOO!
WHAT THE **** HAPPENED!?!!

The past two times I've gone, there has been a line out the door, my order has taken too long to make, my salad has been a lot smaller, and the people working behind the counter have been really skimping on the meat I get when I order the chef salad. 

I don't know if they cut people working behind the counter to save on paying employees, but IT IS NOT WORKING! More than a handful of times in the past week, I've walked away and out of line because there's such a huge line and there's only 1 person working away behind the counter.

Get your ****  together 'Mezzo! Your salads are good, I love them, but they're not worth waiting 45 minutes for! I don't have that kind of time!
I love this place!! They use VERY fresh ingredients in delicious combinations and are very fast, even when there is a line out the door during lunch.

I usually get the chef's salad with marinated tofu and poppy seed dressing (the poppy seed dressing is their best imo), but I like their sandwiches and soups also. You will probably need a to-go container if you decide on a salad. The salad portion is enough to FILL UP two hungry adults. If I am eating alone I get the dressing on the side and a to-go box, so the lettuce that I take home with me doesn't turn to slime.
Organic Southwestern Corn Chowder.
If you haven't gone to The San Francisco Soup Company and tried this soup, I feel a little sorry for you. 
I've been told this place only makes enough for the day and once they're out, they're out.  This makes me think there isn't much wastage going on there and that idea makes me happy.  I've only been to the UC Berkeley location and the people there were friendly and on top of it.  I will be visiting again as soon as I can and you should too!
Thanks to Groupon, I finally had a good excuse to try this place! It's been catching my eye for a while now whenever I walk down Bancroft, but with so much competition for cheap, delicious eats in the area, it was hard to justify trying it. Sometimes that huge Veggie sandwich at Intermezzo (or whatever they're calling the place now) just beckons to me and I cannot resist....

In any case, I was actually pleasantly surprised at the both the quality and price of the soups here. I had the Southwestern Corn Chowder. It was thick, spicy and very filling! My husband got the Split Pea, which was probably the best I've had in the area besides Andersen's (which isn't really in the area, anyways). The main reason for 3 stars versus more is for everything else besides the soup. I suppose that's a little unfair though, since the place is, after all, called "San Francisco Soup Company" not "San Francisco Soup, Salad and Sandwich Company." Well if "San Francisco" Soup Company is going to be in Berkeley, then I won't give it any leeway from the name. So there.

Minus AT LEAST one star: the sandwiches are all pre-made! You can't get one without mayo (or with any other dietary variation that you wish). With so many other amazing deli's and sandwich shops in walking distance, they simply cannot expect to compete here when they don't even make your sandwiches to order. The salad selection was also none to exciting. 

For soup (and soup only), 5 stars! As a whole, a solid 3 (probably 3.5, if I could).
The poppyseed dressing here is sooooo gooood. I've honestly never had a sald or sandwich that I didn't enjoy from Intermezzo. I typically do the turkey sandwich and a side salad. Come hungry, because the portions are huge!

Expected bill: $7
I've visited many Sweet Tomatoes / Souplantation locations - from Nevada to Florida to Arizona and back and this is the nicest location I've been to.  Of course I'm a big fan of the chain - Souplantation was on my list for Pasadena and it was my first stop after I got settled in at my nearby hotel.   The line flowed easily, the standard salad options to 'build my own' were present as well as some new premixed concoctions.  So many options!  Had a big plate of salad, some chili and a bit of pizza bread and then a bit of frozen yogurt for dessert.  First timers should get a lay of the land before grabbing the first thing that looks good.  This location has many different dining areas - a sun room off to the side, a big dining area, and some small quieter alcoves.  Anyone who lives nearby is lucky to have this healthy option as a regular in their dining rotation.
I usually come here for their towering salad (and I say towering salad because it literally towers over the bowl!). It is always too much for just one person to eat, but so good that it makes you not want to share (yes, admit it. Occasionally, food DOES bring out the naughty kid in us?). 

My friends usually get the soup+sandwich combo and they, too, like me, probably have a case of "bigger eyes than the stomach" syndrome and can never finish off their meals by themselves. But we come here and order what we always order because the food is great, the location is great (not too close to the campus that the food is cheap and gross, but close enough to take a bite between classes).

Great crowd, great atmosphere, great food. If you're ever craving a sandwich, eat here-- they DELIVER (in a metaphoric way).
Zero ambiance.  Standard Telegraph co-op; sketchy meets collegiate (some may argue one in the same).  Unbused tables.  Panhandlers waiting right outside the door for your leftovers and change.  Students devouring salads like they haven't eaten in days.

Welcome to Cafe Intermezzo.  And yes, I'm a fan.

For a under $10, you can buy a salad large enough to feed a family of four.  Easily.  Feel like mixing things up?  How about a half a salad, once again large enough to easily feed a family of 3, and a half a sandwich, large enough to feed 2?  More food for you buck is always a winner with me.  Like the bread, the salad is always fresh even when approaching 10p.  I recommend the poppy seed dressing.  Yumm-o!

This is a no-nonense salad joint.  No, you won't find a frise or arugula mixes.  Cafe Intermezzo serves a simple green salad.  They do pack meals to-go.  CASH ONLY.
I first experienced Cafe Intermezzo when my oldest sister started CAL. I love their sandwiches and salads. I love how they bake their own bread and serve it on thick slices of breads. I haven't been there in several years, but I'm sure it still rocks! I don't remember much of this spot per I've never lived up north, but it's good. I guess it's a good spot for college students per low cost + HUGE portions = GREAT DEAL. =]
This is the place is like a health church, where you go to when you having junk food sins.

Wow some big salads, I'm a 200 pound dude, and those are some biiig salads. almost, too big? and lets be honest nobody likes to eat left over salad.

But ya, you get a little big of everything with that chef salad, beans, avocado, eggs, tomato, legumes, and so on.
Big Salad
I have been to Cafe Intermezzo twice in the last year. Every time I go there I leave satisfied with my food. The portions are major and you really get what you pay for. 

Here's my beef: Why are the people behind the counter so rude? As someone that doesn't frequent it that often, I have found the food prep people to be short, crass and downright rude each time I went. This leaves a bad taste in my mouth regardless of how good the food is. Don't get in line if you don't know what you want, they aren't happy to help and seem annoyed with questions you may have. This could be a product of how busy they are but really, their job is not hard, they need customer service training. Other than that, the food is great, just go with someone that has been before because you'll get a, "stop wasting my time and tell me what you want, I'm a rude 20-something-east bay bitch" attitude.
For the longest time, I did not know the real name of this place. My friend once called it "big salad" (which was accompanied by a hand gesture of something big and round)) and the name stuck. I knew that there were delicious sandwiches too (and believe me, that honey wheat bread is undeniably delicious) but it's kind of a different animal than my favorite deli sandwiches. No matter, its all good. 

Whenever I want a big salad, this is the place I crave. The love their poppyseed dressing, although their blue cheese is tasty too. I love how they pack it full of toppings and you can eat and eat and eat and hardly make a dent in it. Best to share. 

I always ask for them to skip the sprouts though. Is it just me, or are those things sooo last millennium?

I love that you can get a combo at Big Salad (aka Mezzo) because I am really quite indecisive and its great not to have to choose between a yummy sandwich and a hearty salad. 

Its hard to get a table, so take someone with you to claim one when it opens while you place the orders. Or take it to go. Whatever. It's worth it. 

I think my tummy is growling now for big salad...
Not bad for a shop that hasn't been open that long! I used a livingsocial voucher I purchased recently while having lunch with a friend here. I got a flour tortilla wrap untoasted with turkey, apples, mandarin oranges, and parmesan, with spinach. She got a panini with chicken, mushrooms, sauted onions, corn, and avacado pesto spread. We made one a combo and got an extra order of soda. All together it was $21, so after using the voucher it was only a dollar! Awesome! And it was a lot of food too. We both only finished half our orders and barely touched the fries that came with the combo. I have to say, I like my wrap very much. And my friend said her panini was super tasty. I love the customization of it all. And best of all, it's healthy(ish) depending on how you make it! The prices are standard, not pricey but not cheap either I think. But with comparable Westwood choices, you can't go wrong choosing this place for a lovely, healthy lunch spot. =)
The service here is great, it goes by pretty fast even though the line goes out the door. The soup here is okay, a bit pricey for the amount they give you and its not like the soup is really really good. It is almost like can soup, but a little bit better. What I really like is the chunk of bread that you get with your soup. The bread here is really good and goes very well with the soup. I really like the sourdough bread... I always try to find the biggest piece cuz its sooo yummy. If SF Soup Company did not give bread with their soup then I would not come here...
Very disappointing - they're going to be closed for a long, long time, and they may never re-open.

The building they were in went up in flames. Five hours, and the building is still burning. We'll see whether they re-open in a different location.
Yes, they only take cash. But lots of places do this in Cal, so whatever. 

Loved their chicken salad sandwich, although I was starving at the time and anything might have tasted heavenly to me. Also loved the corn chowder with bacon. Yum, very authentic. Salad here is great, although better there rather than to-go. Not a big fan of the roast beef - partially because I didn't think there was enough sauce and it was too dry. I'd ask for more sauce next time or just get it with soup, I guess...

But if I'm hungry and restricted to food options on Telegraph, I'd opt for Intermezzo above everything else. Yum!!!!
It is extremely difficult for me to see why the other reviewers have only thought this place was average. It must be that they're ordering menu items that aren't as good as some of the others.

First, let me say that I'm vegetarian, so I've not eaten their beef products. That being said, their lentil burger is RIDICULOUS. It is the best veggie burger I've ever had at a restaurant and rivals some homemade ones I've had. The bread is perfect, the burger is gigantic for the price ($4.50). Compared to Chick-Fil-A or pretty much any fast food, it is bigger, healthier, and much better.

When I last went there, we tried the sweet potato fries and the normal fries. I liked the normal fries and the sweet potato fries were the BEST sweet potato fries I've ever had, period, bar none. I've never had crispy sweet potato fries, usually they are mushy and over oiled. In this case, the fries were simply incredible. I went to Chick-Fil-A for fries this week as I took some film to get developed and the fries were cold, mushy, and meh. I don't know if I'll ever go to Chick-Fil-A in the mall again!

Lastly, the cook (I'm assuming the owner) was incredibly friendly and asked us about all of our food to make sure it was good. You could tell that she was passionate about the burgers and cared about customers, which in fast food is unheard of. They have free refills, great condiments, and local ingredients. If they were in a food truck by campus or in Carrboro, people would be brawling to get into line. Instead they have set up shop in the University Mall where they might have tougher competition. Nevertheless, this place is incredible. If you're interested in lentil burgers or low-cholesterol meals, you have to try it. If you've walked by and said, "Should I?" the answer is YES. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't.

The service is friendly, the portions are huge, the prices are cheap, AND it's ethically made. How is this anything less than five stars? To give this place less than 5 stars is insanity. It's fantastic. I'm going there today on my lunch break to apologize to them for the 3 star reviews and to get a delicious lentil burger!
this place was a gem.  i was introduced here by my girlfriend, and we enjoyed their great salads, home backed breads, and tasty sandwiches.  there's not many cafe's that hold a candle to this great place -- it will be missed.
I've only eaten here a few times but I haven't been impressed once I tried both the French Onion and the Tomato Basil Bisque and I was not impressed with either. I ordered a Garden Salad with Chicken Salad on it with a lemonade and the price came out to 11 dollars! WAY overpriced! The veggies on the salad were not fresh the tomatos were mushy and and not even edible. Not to mention I waited FIFTEEN minutes for this salad, and I was the only customer in the store at the time. I also came here with my parents & a friend. They got Caesar Salads and Mac & Cheese. My friend found the mac and cheese bland and my parents were not at all impressed with their salads. In fact we ended up across the street at Antonio's for lunch instead. I wouldn't recommend this place. Its over-priced and not very good. The only reason I gave it 2 instead of one stars is they do have a great variety of soups and perhaps some of them are better the the two I tried.  I am hoping so because I do like the healthy soup/salad style of restaurant.

Edit
I have now tried both the curry lentil and the veggie chilli these were better but nothing special. I also tried the grilled cheese, this was nothing great but the sauce on the side was really good. I actually find myself here often. My first impression is still how I felt but it is a good SOUP place, the rest of it is NOT WORTH IT. But the soup is good. The salads and sandwiches, not so much
I have soup here close to 3x a week so I'm just commenting on the soups I try...

This week: Chicken Tikka Masala. 

I'm partial to Southeast Indian cuisine so I had high expectations of this month's specialty soup. WOW. Nicely done SFSC!

+ Flavors from a banging Indian dish turned soup, with more veggies
+ Comes with rice, holla!
+ Avoids the oil pileup by using less of it and a dash of cream
-  Chicken is a bit bland

Final Call: 
I've had it twice this week, a day apart. A third is likely in the stars...

Also tried:
1. Cheddar + Beer
     -  I would not order this: not enough cheese flavor, overpowered by 
     the barely
2. Kick@$$ Chili
     + Hearty and chunky, great flavors (though I like the turkey version 
     better)
Gotta love college towns - these are places where savvy restaurant owners blend good food and even better prices for the student clientele.  The only bummer is I'm older with kids and our family stuck out like neon signs at night.  Oh well!

Because I loved this place - so what if we didn't eat in a hurry, or have a 60 pound backpack.  I've done my time, people. What we do have in common is  a love of soup and salads and this place is great!

I will restate the many Yelpers comments that these salads are enormous.  Our veggie salad fed a family of 4 - with leftovers!  We also ordered a creamy veggie soup....mmm, mmm.  This came with lots of bread, actually my only complaint, which looked tastier than it really was.  It lacked a sweet or savory flavor (yes, I mean salt).  We still ate it.

Food - 4.5 stars 
Atmosphere - 5 stars (very lively, cool decor)
Service - 5 stars (very efficient, friendly)
Price - 5 stars (super value)
Dressed has a wide variety of pre-designed salads (made fresh to order) and a large menu to choose from if you want to make your own salad. It is certainly better than Doc Green's. The salads are tasty, although they need more of the non-lettuce ingredients. I like the salads at Fresh to Order better, but Dressed has a much larger variety of salads and, I think, bigger salads. It's hard to tell because the presentation is so different, but that's my best guess. I won't frequent Dressed, but an occasional visit could work well for me. I think the reviewer who wrote "I like it; I don't love it" hit it right on the head.
Sometimes the soups are superb sometimes it's bland... It all depends on the weather and your luck I suppose. I usually get sf soup when I'm lazy or it's raining and gloomy outside. The chicken tortilla soup is yummy and I usually pair it with their tuna sandwich for the 7 dollar combo. The tuna sandwich is a bit dry but dunk it in the soup and yum. I actually usually eat the salad and save the sandwich for the next meal so sf soup tends to last me two meals. Sometimes I would grab their salad but make it a wrap instead. When they make your wrap they still give you the over filling left over salad so this also makes two meals. Sf soup is a great deal! And takes cal 1 debit!!
I could probably eat here every day. Definitely ate here at least once a week while I undergrad'd here, but the salads are still overfilling and will last you two meals. I know it's rabbit foot, but for an extra buck, you can put whatever meat you want on it (I go with tuna, but I've seen people do well with bacon).

Huge heaping greens with a monster pile of sprouts, scoops of kidney and garbanzo, mini-tomatoes, carrots, half an avocado, and a sliced egg. You also get a thick two-inch girthy slice of fresh bread and a wedge of pineapple. Never really much of a line unless it's the lunchtime crush, but you can usually grab a window seat anyway.
this place makes me happy

their bread is way fabulous, all homey and grainy, salads, ugh so so yummy, it's fast and cheap and i always leave happy
I only come here if getting together in a large group and/or salad is the choice of the hour...so off to the soup bar to get my chili!
As a salad lover, I've been to Intermezzo many times. They give huge portions; I always get the salad/sandwich combo to go, and save the sandwich for another meal. The salads are packed with fresh vegetables, and the poppy seed dressing is the only way to go. If you go during peak lunchtime hours, be prepared to stand in the line that goes out the door. It's worth the wait though!
Two Words...


Best salads!! 


My sisters boyfriend works here and when I first arrived in California as a girl from the East Coast, I was told it was a muuust try. It makes me think of all the reasons I wish I still lived in CA. The freshness, the variety in veggies, and the portion! Oh boy, the healthy, heaping piles of gooodness. The salads @ Intermezzo are soo humungous and delicious it's actually a serious struggle trying to eat the entire thing. Every time I went here I had to ask for a box. Please go here asap!
A bit pricey for a salad, sure. But I find that a good salad is almost always worth it.

I always get the Mandarin chicken salad. I'm a SUCKER for chow mein noodles! (See my review for Au Bon Pain.) Also, that oriental sesame dressing is the only would I would ever dare to consider with this salad. Baby greens, grilled chicken, mandarin oranges, craisins, cucumbers, carrots, and of course, those DELICIOUS chow mein noodles. (I am a firm believer in having something crunchy for everything - salads, soups, sandwiches, etc.) 

Then they give you a warm roll (standard is wheat, and I love me my wheat rolls). Slap some butter on there if you'd like. (You're having salad, so it cancels out!)

I've gotten the Maryland crab soup twice and it's not bad, but it's not amazing and the soup prices coupled with the already steep-ish salad prices means I usually don't get it. Of course, hit that soup up with some saltines.

The staff is usually pretty friendly when I go. They smile and make conversation. So nice for food court staffers!

If they brought the price down a bit, I'd eat every lunch ever here.
Not a big fan.  Everything here seems so ordinary.  Although they have a great variety of soups available, nothing really stands out for me.  The place also carry bubble tea as well, but it tastes nothing like the stuff you can get in the cities.  
  But if you're feeling cold or sick, definitely order something here.
fuck that fire! :(

Intermezzo was the first restaurant I ever stumbled into at Berkeley. Ironically, it was also the last. Their food were magnificent for the price, let's hope that it reopens soon!
So much food for the money.  The honey-wheat bread is amazing.
I ordered the tomato soup, and it tasted no better than a can of Campbell's canned soup. Actually, it needed more salt, so I guess that means it actually wasn't even as good. 

If you're a soup restaurant,  come on, don't mess up on a staple.

I also ordered half of a turkey and pesto sandwich, which wasn't bad. The pesto really saved it from being ordinary. The sandwich saved this place from being a 2-star place.

Given all the other dining choices within a quarter mile, though, I have no reason to return here.
I would like to begin by boasting that when I was 18, I once ate an ENTIRE SALAD here.  Yes, those were the good ol' days of reckless abandon and magically expandable internal organs.  Nowadays, I wouldn't have a chance.  I'd recommend sharing one of these salads with your entire family.  Not a bad deal for less than $7.

Salads basically include:
lettuce mix
kidney and garbanzo beans
tomato
cucumber
croutons
avocado
hard boiled egg
carrots
and a piece of bread and slice of pineapple on the side.
You can add meat if you like, or grilled tofu, which is  a bit sweet for my taste.

Their sandwiches are also huge, served on their soft, delicious honey wheat bread that you can't get enough of.  I always get a half BLTA and half salad, which is more than enough for even a hearty appetite.

Coffee is really good, OJ is fresh squeezed.

During peak hours there is ALWAYS a line out the door, but it moves pretty quickly, especially if you're taking your food to go!
I now know why the line is always out the door for this place. It's the cute guy making the sandwiches behind the counter. 

But, in all seriousness, this place gives you the most bang for your buck. Their sandwiches are ginormous. So large, in fact, that I do not believe that the human mouth can accomodate such a sandwich. I had to use a knife. Maybe I'm just weaker than most. But really though, you've been forewarned. And also, if you're anything like me and eat like a five year old, you will have sprouts and tomatoes sitting in your lap by the end of your meal. That is, if you even get there. More likely than not you're gonna have to box that sucker.
We stopped in for a quick (our first mistake) lunch while walking around Princeton.  I ordered a half sandwich / soup combo and took my seat.  After about 10 minutes we realized just how long this was taking, and noticed the staff milling about, mostly talking amongst each other.  As I approached the counter to ask about our order, it finally arrived.  I noticed there was a full sandwich with my soup, and explained I had only ordered half (with the combo).  I was THEN informed that my sandwich wasn't included in the combo special, despite no signage saying so.  Too hungry to argue for more than a few minutes, I paid for the full sandwich anyway.

The food itself was quite good, although it ended up being a bit too expensive for a simple sandwich and cup of soup.  The mint pea soup was very well done, though.  The sandwich was nothing special - wish I had only had to eat half of one!

We also noticed the place (and their outside seating) was a mess.  Trays of leftover food and empty cups were sitting everywhere, and we noticed one table outside overflowing with garbage that was untouched for the 45-60 minutes we were there.
Everyone "raves" about this place on campus. Of course I decided to go and here are the results:

1. salads are HUGE
2. service was -ok
3. this place is "DIRTY"

I was hesitant about eating here but my friend insisted. Overall the food is relatively healthy. I had the vegetarian salad with herbal vinegarette which came out tasty... 

Aside from the cleanliness, everything else was ok...
it's hard to screw up your experience here because they will let you sample their soups, so definitely take advantage of that and make sure you order what you find taste delicious.

I really like their new england clam chowder.

The soups comes with a bag of small biscuit crackers.

personally, chicken noodle and lobster/crab bistro is a meh for me here.

Their soup menu changes everyday, you can go search for them on facebook and see what soups they offer (they post it everyday on there)

They use whole wheat bread for their sandwiches, which is nice if you like eating healthy. I've only had 1 of their sandwiches, it was the vegetarian one that started with a G. It just had tomato, cheese, lettuce and this vinegar dressing I found too sour. Eating a sour sandwich is just weird for me.
I always stop here for a half sandwich and soup when I'm in Berkeley.  It's warm and filling after a day of walking around and pretty easy on the wallet.

I love the veggie chili.  A total comfort food.
Really good place to go when you are rushed during lunch! The sandwiches, wraps and salads are all pretty decent. The soups are hit and miss. You really have to be careful what you pick! But the nice thing is you get to try it before you buy it so that's always good. 

The crab soup is REALLY good if you like seafood. I think they use REAL crab so you get what you paid for. The bok choi mushroom soup is like the cantonese soup that I get from home! It was on the salty side, but I guess that's why they give you free bread to wash it down with :) 

If you are all health conscience, you should get the wheat roll, it's pretty taste neutral and heart healthy. But if you don't care, go for the white artisan bread, it tastes a little better but keep in mind it's just simple carbs that deposit quickly as fat.
Enormous salads and sammiches that make it impossible to forget that you're in Berkeley.
My friends and I came here to utilize the $8.29 dinner coupon that we just received. We were starving so we just wanted to get our food as soon as possible and..this place was it. I enjoyed nomnoming on the croutons while I was waiting in line to pay. I also enjoyed the clam chowder! YUMMM. I'd say this place is decent considering that it's a buffet and you pay less than $10 for it. 

Oh, unlike korean bbq, even if you stuff yourself until the point you feel gross, you won't feel as bad since most of the stuff is healthy anyways!
All the soups of your liking all in one place? 
Why have I never been here before?

My co-worker had a Groupon for SF Soup Company and she really wanted to use it. Today was the ideal day since it was freezing and raining out. I have been fighting off a cold for weeks and have become addicted to soups, so this was the perfect fit.

The location is right on Bancoft so be prepared to see a mixture of UCB students and tourists checking out all the great cafes, stores, boutiques, bookstores, etc.

We scored a great parking spot right our front and must of got there right before there lunch rush, because there was no line. As we gazed the menu and took in the mouth-watering smells...the sweet attentive staff asked if we wanted to sample anything...

We  immediately said Yes as we were so indecisive since there are soooo many soups to chose from. 

                               You name it- they got it!  

The sample size is pretty generous.. I could imagine starving students going ridiculous by sampling each soup and not needing to actually pay for anything. 

A staff member suggested  getting 2 kinds since we couldn't decide on one. So I got the Tortilla Soup and the Turkey Chilli! Each soup comes with a large piece of bread or a roll. 

As you slide down to the cashier area there are also pre-made sandwiches, salads or you can customize a salad and beverages to chose from.  An assortment of condiments, napkins, to-go bags, and spoons of course.

Moments later there was a line out the door. We were so excited that we were able to get here when we did!!

The woman who worked the cashier was as stale as day old bread. She lacked personality and really made our great experience questionable.
I felt like she was the Soup Nazi, like the episode from Seinfeld.. she was very rude and not warm. 

There isn't anywhere to sit and my co-worker knew this ahead of time, so we took our hot soups to go and headed back to the office.

When we opened our bag of goodies... it was definitely worth the drive and the wait as we savored the warm flavorful hearty goodness!

I loved each soup equally and can not wait to go back!

Beware SF Soup Company, you are going to start seeing a lot of me!
I LOVE Intermezzo!!! Definitely one of my favorite places to eat when I was a Cal undergrad. Great big portions of fresh ingredients - I love salads with avocado and sprouts. The best things about Intermezzo though are their honey wheat bread (soooo yummy) and poppyseed dressing (double yummy). Usually their portions are enough for two meals - especially their half salad/half sandwich combos.. soooo worth it!!! 

Line is usually out the door but goes by fast. Definitely a must go!!!!
big saaaaaalad. (you seinfeld fans out there will know what i'm talking about). 

But yes... intermezzo comes down to that for me... their gut busting chef salads.  There are many things in life that leave you only temporarily satisfied, with dainty unmanly salads being one of them.  No one likes going to a restaurant and ordering a salad while the rest of your friends look upon you with judgement oozing from them with every subsequent bite of their 14 oz steak.  
But at intermezzo.. you'll get no such treatment, as their salad somehow manages to be hearty, filling and healthy at the same time, and oh yeah.. tasty as well. 
The sandwiches are good as well, with generous portions of whatever meat you choose heaped on, but like i said... when i go to intermezzo.. i go for the big saaaaalad these days.

Now... there are some issues, i don't like eating there cause for one.. it's not the cleanest place and the place is occasionally buzzing with flies (especially on warm days).  And while i'm sure they've gotten proficient at the assembly line approach they've adopted over the years, the line will often times stretch out the door and its a crapshoot who you get to assemble said sandwich.  Many a time i've had a noob put together a salad that was less than satisfactory.

But yeah.. that's just picking nits again.. and no one likes that.  Overall.. intermezzo has a well deserved spot as a berkeley staple.
Update: I just heard today that Intermezzo was sold and the name has changed but that the new place serves the same food of about the same quality. This breaks my heart because Intermezzo was my absolute favorite place to eat out in Berkeley.


Only one thing comes to mind when I think of Intermezzo...YUMMMM. Well, ok, two things - there is also "holy shit that's a really big salad!" 

My favorite thing here is the Chef salad with half tuna and half turkey. This thing comes packed with kidney beans, garbanzo beans, tomatoes, carrots, half an avocado, hardboiled egg, sprouts, delicious homemade croutons, and tons of lettuce an dressing of choice. It is ALWAYS enough for at least two meals for me! (You can also get the same salad sans meat under the alias of Veggie Delight) I am also a big fan of the half sandwich (I love the tuna) and side salad (the side salad is a meal in itself!). Their homemade bread is to die for as well and you get a slice and a piece of seasonal fruit with each salad order!

Of everything I miss from my college days, Intermezzo tops the list!

Best salad in the bay area - Caf Intermezzo, hands down.
delicious, never had a bad experience...ever.  typical berkeley joint, don't expect any hand holding.  don't be shy and make sure you shout out your order, it's loud in there and they're almost always busy.  but don't let the long lines fool you, it goes by pretty quickly and when you're done, you'll leave with the biggest, simplest and most delicious salad ever.  

they have a pretty simple menu but i always stick with the regualr green salad or the veggie salad.  it will easily be 2 meals, or 3 or 4.  poppy and vinagrette dressings are great.  be prepared though, they put a LOT of sprouts and kidney/garbanzo beans so order without if that's not your cup of tea.  speaking of which, they also have fresh strong coffee.
I have to declare a nostalgic bias towards Intermezzo. As a college student this was a place I'd go when I was blowing it out. Lines used to go out the door (do they still?) and I would get my roast beef sandwich with horeseradish/dijon mustard on the  house made sunflower seed bread. Even though it was huge I'd always polish the damn thing as my metabolism was insane in those times. Salads served to you in what should be the mixing bowl not a serving. If I could only move Intermezzo somewhat even remotely close to where i live now I'd by hitting it up religiously
Good stuff.   Line always out the door.  Interesting experience last time I was there....we got in line (it was out the door) and apparently, we were the last individuals in line who completed a "blocking" of the sidewalk.   Some dude comes up after us and starts forming a line in an "L" shape, thus not blocking the sidewalk.  I said, "yo bro, we're in line."  He then asked me if I thought it was a smart idea to block the sidewalk on Telegraph?  I then stated that people could walk around the line.....he then asked how long I've lived in Berkeley....I said 5 years....he said 52.  at first I thought about saying, "well, since you lived here for 47 years longer than I have, you're entitled to be a completely rude a$$hole...." but I thought, I don't want to completely jack this a-hole up in front of my chick (although chicks love when you do that kind of stuff).....
So I let it go and inquired to him about Mario Savio and tear gas and the 60's.....he said he went through it all.  Yeah right, jerk off, you were like 4 years old when that stuff happened.   Jerk off.  Come find me.  I felt like clubbing him with my fist and then saying "the price is WRONG b*tch!"

Anyways, we get our sandwiches to go.....AWESOME.   SO much food.....

I wonder if I'd get a discount if I had something pierced (especially a big ring through my nose.......)    

Even when I went to school, the people making the sandwiches were "colourful."  

Sad too see that inflation has driven up the cost of a turkey sandwich.  I hadn't been here in like 2 years and like all things, price increases. 

Anyways, good eats.  Must go to when in Bezerkeley.
Growing up in the Bay, this has always been a favorite of mine even though I'm not much of a salad person. I always got the Veggie Delight salad with vinaigrette dressing for years, and it still doesn't get old. It's a mixture of nice greens with kidney beans and chickpeas, croutons, eggs, avocados, alfalfa sprouts, and like... amazingness. Even my die hard I-Love-Steak-Forever friends love it.

Pros:
Their portions are MASSIVE for the price you pay.
Salads come with a nice hunk of bread (SO FRESH AND GOOD), and a piece of pineapple or something.
Nice and light meal, but filling. You feel really amazing after wards because the food is so healthy.
Great atmosphere and friendly staff!

Cons:
Parking can be a hassle especially since it's in the Cal campus.
Their greens have off days sometimes...
Bomb ass salads, that's all I can say. Get the chef's special salad. 

They put half of an avocado into your salad, along with kidney beans. bean sprouts, tomatoes, eggs, some other stuff. BUT WHEN THEY ASK FOR WHAT KIND OF MEAT YOU WANT TO ADD...DEF GET CHICKEN SALAD. so good!!! And you get a large piece of yummy bread :) the $7.75 price was so worth it considering I ate it for 3 meals!!! hehe

*Edit: actually I ate the entire thing in one sitting a few days ago.
**P.S. The workers are very flexible and I always ask for 1/2 pastrami and 1/2 chicken salad!
I think it's $7 to get your sando on.

In short:
- The bread is addicting and worth buying a whole loaf.
- The sandwich interior is mundane as far as the meat and cheese, and crispy-fresh in the veggie department.
- Your fruit will taste like saran wrap if you take your food to go.

Oh yeah, cash only.
i don't understand all the people who are raving about this place, unless they can taste food better when the sides of their stomachs are stretched out.  actually, i wouldn't mind that superpower for a week or two....

yes, huge portions blah blah blah

i got a Chicken Salad Sandwich, and while i did appreciate the home baked taste of the bread, this was the drippiest Chicken Salad Sandwich i've ever had.  my plate was covered in....tomato liquid?  water from washing the lettuce?  i don't know but i had to move the second half of my sandwich to higher ground to avoid the oncoming sog on my bread.  so it tasted ok.  nothing special.

the Thai Chicken Noodle Soup on the other hand, was really good.  i won't go into detail about it because, well frankly it tasted just like it sounds.  i enjoyed this much more than the sandwich.

and looking at the salad in front of my dining partner, i didn't see anything special about it.  just a large bowl, with a scattering of various salad ingredients shoveled into it.

and i'm sorry to the snobby hippie people who were taking my order behind the counter because i don't eat here every week and i didn't know i was supposed to "be aggressive with the ordering around here".  did it really inconvenience you that i took a minute to look over the menu to decide what i wanted to spend our money on??

if you've read this far, you've never been here, and you don't know whether you want to try it out, look at the pictures posted by other yelpers here.  you really get what you see.
I eat here all the time.

When you enter, you get your tray and a plate or two (I take two) and face the long salad bar, which has two identical sides.  (Count the number of folks on each side, and go with the fewer).  First, there are three pre-made salads:  a somewhat salty, very anchovy-saucy Caesar salad;  a sweet, lovely-but-for-the-unnecessary-cilantro Chinese chicken salad;  and a third, which varies from month to month (and sometimes week to week.)  Tip:  if it's their Greek salad, it's fabulous!

Next on the salad bar is the actual  salad bar:  the expected assortment of vegetables, dressings, and toppings, all fresh.  (BTW, some of the dressings are nonfat or reduced fat, and they also have several kinds of vinegar and types of oil if you want to make your own dressing.)  This salad bar also has some premade side-salads (things like potato salad.)

Then you pay, and go get the rest of your food!  Or get a table first.

The rest of the food includes:  

-- about eight choices of soup, some of which are delightful (I crave their lemon orzo soup, and wish they had it more often!).
-- three choices of pasta, including bland only-kids-will-like-it mac and cheese;
-- two or three choices of focaccia with toppings (one of which is basically cheese pizza -- very yummy.)
-- several choices of little muffins (blueberry are fabulous;  brownie muffins are IMHO disappointing, though hubby likes them.)
-- sliced fresh bread.
-- baked potatoes with a small topping bar (these potatoes are among their more disappointing offerings -- pretty sad, really.)
-- fruit and dessert bar (including make-your-own sundaes with two flavors of soft serve, and toppings which include crushed oreos, peanuts, and sauces.)

Why do I love this place so much?  

(1)  some of their dishes are SO tasty!  For me, these include the lemon salad, the lemon orzo soup, the Greek Salad, the cheese pizza, and the traditional spinach salad.

(2)  probably due to the place's popularity, all the food is very fresh (and/or hot when it should be.)

(3)  if you want an alternative to the normal horrid-for-your-health restaurant fare, this place offers tons of veggies and fruit, plus guides as to what's lowfat or reduced sugar, etc...plus they have much more thorough nutritional info online (which is why I know that their chicken-noodle soup is almost bizarrely low in fat!)

(4) this place is a haven for picky eaters!  You get to choose what you do or don't want, and you can also take a look at the food before taking some.  For that reason, it also works for kids, who often make a meal of mac & cheese, corn, bread, fruit, etc.

That's why I come here at least once a week. 

The only down-sides that I haven't yet mentioned:
-- parking is annoying (the garage is bizarre, and it's hard to find where you're allowed to park.)
-- it can be very crowded, especially on Friday night, or anytime Saturday or Sunday.
-- sometimes they overly air-condition the otherwise lovely glass-covered side-seating area that I love.

But the end result is that I still love this place!!!
This is it the final stop. I really enjoy a good salad and this place has done it up. Ive tried just about everything they have including the soups be on the look out for the Cajun corn crab chowder its Awesome. The wraps are really good especially if your on the go they are the perfect size. Oh and one last thing choc chip cookies are absolutely to die for and they are as big as a Frisbee! The service is typically tip top as well so i hope y'all enjoy this joint.
When i went to cal, i ate here 4 times a week. This place made me fall in love with salad. Man i get starry-eyed just thinking about it.

absolutely the best bread, best salad, best soup, best prices. HUGE portions. get the blue cheese dressing. get the chef with chicken salad and bacon. get anything! just get in here. 

...and give your leftovers to the homeless just outside.  or give it to ME!!!
Great soup place, today I tried the Lobster Bisque and it was really good. I used to go to Panera a lot but I think I got converted now.
Like salad? Like sandwiches? Like 'em big? (That's what she said.)

If you answered yes to the above, then you'll probably turn into a regular at this place. While I don't argue against the monstrous amounts of salad and/or sandwich meats they give you, it really doesn't taste that special because its just a bunch of tossed salads and constructed sandwiches (which are actually small, but just packed with a whole lotta meat).

It works for everyday lunch eateries, and even then it's a bit pricey for the flavor profile you are receiving (hint: salads and sandwiches). Whatever, it's a cafe so I'm not expecting finesse and awesome crazy aiolis anyway.

Salad: tastes like salad + dressing okay? Geez.

Sandwich: choose your bread, i recommend foccaccia instead of their standard sandwich slice of honey wheat that comes out to be a really small-ass sandwich, then choose your filling. I'm gonna go Berkeley-mode here and say the tofu is pretty bomb after trying everything. You might wanna tell them to go light on the mayo and mustard or else you'll be eating a layer of it.

Get a salad, a sandwich, a combo of the two, or even soup. Let's just say you'll feel refreshed after eating here for about $7 because you either just:

A. Ate a whole lettuce head, probably two.

B. Ate a sandwich, which tasted just like you expected.

C. Ate a combination of the two/soup, so you still feel "healthier" because there was no oil involved in preparing any of this.

Expect to get more than your daily serving size of vegetables here. Just don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.
Love this place!!!  There is so much variety to chose from. Different veggies, lettuce, salad toppings, dressings......at first, its overwhelming!! The portions are enough for two. The decor is clean, bright and modern. Free wifi too. Its a fun place to go get a yummy salad and chill. 
The prices are moderate. If you start adding a lot of veggies or toppings, the price goes up quickly.
This place is amazing!  Terrific food, friendly helpful staff.  This is New England at it's best.  We stopped here on a road trip going North.  Amazing terrific lobster rolls!  The lobster bisque and clam chowder are awesome!  The decor is basic, no frills, order at the counter and find a seat.  They are seriously one of the best seafood places I have ever eaten at.   They are off the charts!
Just love the tossed green salad with beans and poppy dressing. I've been dozens of times over the past decade, and have never not ordered that, and I usually like to try out the whole menu....
Cafe Intermezzo...Ahhhh good times...brings back fond memories of being a starving student.  One gets a huge filling salad with a huge piece of bread and a drink for under $10.  The salads are so big I recommend to split it with a friend.
Cafe intermezzo has huge, huge salads. When I say huge I mean the kind of salad where you eat as much as you possibly can of the salad, and it still looks like you haven't touched the salad. Gorgeous. I'm sort of exaggerating, but not really. This salad is so huge, it makes me blush.

Their Honey Wheat bread is the sex. It tastes amazing. It's the best bread in the entire world. It also makes me blush.

The only complaint I have about this place is that they are always very crowded, and as a result, a little dirty and gross.

So get a big salad and a hunky hunk of bread, or get the vegetarian sandwich (mmm cream cheese and salad on sex bread), and prepare to be smitten with this dirty, crowded, hippie restaurant.
If I were invited to a dinner party and asked to bring salad for 5-7 people, I would buy a veggie delight from Intermezzo and claim it as my own. It's that big, and pretty good. $6.00 gets more salad than you can eat (trust me I tried) and a beverage. I felt very rushed to order like I was bothering the staff which would be pretty annoying if I had wanted to omit anything.
I was pleasantly surprised with Souplantation.  I totally expected it to taste exactly like Fresh Choice (as J described it).  Though the concept is the same as the Fresh Choice, the food variety and taste is better at Souplantation....almost forgot to mention the price is right too....at less than $10 for lunch or dinner for all you can eat, who can beat that?  They offer a variety of salads, pastas, soups, breads/muffins, desserts....all very tasty.  The only thing I was a little disappointed with was the mac and cheese, very bland (don't waste your time on this when there are sooo many more options).
I have been involved in a serious love affair with Cafe Intermezzo for the past  seven years.

It started with a nibble of homemade honey wheat bread and has grown into an unhealthy obsession with finishing every bite of my vegetarian delight salad (for here, poppy seed dressing mixed in.)

These salads are big.  No, bigger.
Just give up, you won't be able to picture the size of this thing until you see it in real life.

I have taken many a date here and splitting a salad is completely feasible.

The toppings are attractively laid out on top to act as a barrier between your drool and the greens (that's why they do it like that, right?) a hunk of bread on the side to sop it up, and a big glass of ice water to wash it down.

I have also had the vegetarian sandwich which is delicious as well.
The bread is very thick and hearty but I love bread and feel like it can be a showcase item rather than an annoying accessory to your sandwich although overall it doesn't quite compare to the salad.

It's quick, cafeteria-style ordering, and I've never had a problem finding a seat.  the line can look intimidating during rush hours but it always moves quickly.

Don't try to take it to go, it just won't be as good by the time that you arrive at your destination.
I've been going to this  place for nearly 20 years now and I think I'm about to stop. I can't take too much more of the nasty ass attitudes of these young punk ass college kids. "NEXT!!!, WHOEVER IS READY STEP UP!!!" Once you get to the area where you are able to hear yourself and the attitude employee, you have to watch these fools make your salad because they're to busy playing around with each other. I guess the owner told them that it was OK to treat the customer any kind of way. When they're done with your order, they throw it on top of the counter and scream "NEXT!!!!". Where is the GD customer service? I swear I'm going to jump back there and grab one of those kids by the F'NG neck and make them be nice one day. The only reason why I continue to patronize them is because of the delicious poppy seed dressing. If anyone knows the recipe on how to make that dressing let me know....The sooner I get it, the faster I can stop patronizing.
This is a good spot for a quick lunch (soup, salad, sandwich). The portions are kind of large so bring an appetite or ask for a box. 

I had the half sandwich and salad combo for $6.75 and it was satisfying. I recommend the chicken salad sandwich as it is jazzed up by the addition of apples and pecans in the chicken mix.  Best of all, it appears every ingredient in this place is very fresh, making this a healthy alternative to other lunch spots on Telegraph.
Sandwiches and salads are delicious, but I'll be honest, I am not a classic salad fan and I really don't like Jimmy John's.  So I went here with some trepidation.  I don't like tomatoes and cucumbers, so I opted out of the combo (what my friend suggested) and the full salad.  Instead, I chose a roast beef sammy because I would like to be constantly covered in roast beef.  This was a mountain of a sandwich even without the tomato, mustard and horseradish.  The bread was fresh and healthful, the roast beef was loaded like Nicki Minaj's booty and the additional red onions gave a nice crunch to the whole process.  As a white person, I love my expensive sandwiches.  As a Jew, however, I don't like paying more for something I could make at home.  These kind of ingredients were so fresh that I felt pretty content with my purchase.  My stomach agrees.
MMMMM!!!
Who can argue with a big-ass healthy salad that tastes SO GOOD??
I like that 1/2 sandwich 1/2 salad (poppyseed dressing, ALWAYS) combo because I can never decide which on I want more. Then I always have leftovers which I try bring outside to the bums and they love me for it, too!
Yea, yea it's got a long line ALL the time and you can't use credit cards, but I still LOVE the place and nobody will ever change my mind on that.
The best salad I have ever had and I eat a lot of salads. Maybe part of it was being in CA, I am from OH, the fresh lettuce and vegetables were crisp. The bread was also delicious. Had to get a piece of apple pie to go even though I could not even finish the salad. The apples were not over cooked or over sweetened.
Big salads, huge ass sandwiches on bread that is baked fresh daily, awesome soups and a coffee bar to boot? What more could one person asked for in a place? Nothing! I love and have loved this place for the past 4 years, but have not been back since the name changed... only because I do not live up in Northern CA. But will assure you that next time I am in town; I will make sure this place is just as good.
The salad here is good and large portion but they add too much dressing ( I had the chef turkey salad with herbal vinagraitte).  All the ingredients seemed fresh except the lettuce. The people making the salads were either overworked or just not happy to be there. They seemed annoyed because I didn't know what dressings they had.  The cashier was nice though. 

 I remember really liking this place when I was an  undergrad at Berkeley but the latest visit was kind of meh. They also need to erase the obscenities in the bathroom, oh wait, this is Berkeley.
Intermezzo basically puts all SoCal salad places to shame. Portion shame. Their serving bowl for 1 salad is the size of a bowl I would use to bring a salad...to a POTLUCK. And $7 to boot. My bestie loves this place & I can see why. These salads are most definitely on the sharing side...might even be 3 meals for me...

I got the Veggie Delight (comes with LOADS of lettuce, an egg, an avocado, sprouts, carrots, garbanzo & kidney beans). Their ingredients are fresh & they do not skimp. Typical ordering for me (when w/the bf) goes: I will order an entree, bf will order an entree. Bf finishes his entree, and then works on my entree (I usually eat about half or so). No leftovers. When at Intermezzo: bf gets a sandwich (Hugeeeeeee, very bread heavy). He finishes it. Moves on to my salad...we end up taking 1/3rd of it home. Their poppy seed dressing is the way to go (we tried the vinaigrette - it was a bit tarty).

Honey wheat bread is kinda mehhh. And yeah, there seems to bit a layer of ickiness around the restaurant...I think I will get my salad to go next time. Cash Only!
This place is AMAZING! My friend introduced me to this cafe last summer, and consequently I visited it at least once a week during my time up in Berkeley. I usually ordered a sandwich, as I'm not a big salad person, but regardless of what you get, the food is fresh, great tasting, large portioned, and won't put a strain on your wallet. The bread there is delicious, and if you go early in the morning, you can buy a whole loaf of fresh baked bread. Mmm... My only complaint is I have yet to sit down and eat at the cafe, rather than taking my orders to-go, as the place is always so crowded! It seems like a great place to hang out with friends and do some people-watching.
This used to be my favorite sandwich, salad, soup place, but two days ago, the cucumbers in my salad tasted like veggie wash, and my tongue went numb. If I get gum cancer, I know who to blame.
Ah, I wax nostalgic for this place.  I loved the bread and salads here during my Berkeley years.  There is something about the poppyseed dressing that is addictive.  It wasn't the cleanest, but this is on Telegraph Avenue after all.
Over the years I have traveled thousands of miles for the Intermezzo BLTA sandwich.  Seriously.  I have wooed others to come with me, and I have made the journey alone.  And I will do it again, and again, and again.

An Intermezzo sandwich might be my chosen last meal.  For reals!!!
Does anyone know if this place will move locations, or re-open in some way?? Please please....I love love love loved love Cafe Intermezzo.
The portions were huge but most important, the sandwiches tasted great! We also had dessert and coffee there as well. Definitely recommend!
Located next to LA Fitness in downtown Pasadena, there are some that will say without hesitation that this particular Souplantation is evil incarnate. Here's why: 

After spending upwards of two hours doing a high-impact workout, the body will be both tired and rather hungry. So those evil developers put a buffet-style restaurant with a long list of delicious, tempting, and instant dishes loaded down with demonic carbs! Oh, the horror!

You'll notice that the same people that complain about this (seriously or joking) will also be the same people who require a fork-lift to get their trays to the table. Funny stuff.

The best way for an individual to really enjoy Souplantation is to disregard the rules you would be inclined to follow when doing a buffet in Vegas. In Vegas, the intention is to get you in, get you fed, and get you out as quickly as possible. The overwhelming amounts of food and choices subconsciously encourage you to load up with as much as possible in one trip. So, when you would normally be taking seconds, you're full- usually in under 15 minutes, and are on your way out to gamble some more. Souplantation's business model is somewhat the same- lots of choices, with everyone trying to get as much as possible in one big swoop, so by the time the first plate is empty, you're full. 

This is neither healthy, nor the way you should dine here, or at any buffet for that matter. 

Instead, take a book or some reading material. Walk through the line and take small portions of a few items (don't worry; anything you may want that's available will still be there later). Pay at the cashier (don't forget to show your Show AAA membership for a discount), find a place to sit,and enjoy your meal while feeding your mind. It's a comfortable way to enjoy your meal, have room for other selections later on, and won't walk out feeling as if you're going to burst at any moment. If you're in a group, apply the same rules, except enjoy the conversations with one another. A good conversation starter is to comment on the strangely inappropriate-in-a-restaurant song from the 80's that will no doubt be playing.

Now we have the basics covered, let's move on to why you are there in the first place- the food. Souplantation, if you haven't guessed by now, is centered on soups and salads. Starting out as you first walk in, you'll be presented with their staple pre-made salads, along with one or two of the monthly specialties, If these do not appeal, walk two feet, and start building your own with a choice of four different types of greens, and a sea of additions ranging from chopped hardboiled eggs, carrots, and even chicken breast. And while I wish the greens were chopped slightly smaller, its worth noting that they are fresh, washed, and free of any wilting /decomposing vegetable matter.

Moving down the line, we come to the part that strikes fear into those on a diet or skipping along to the Atkins beat: Potato, Tuna, and other pasta salads, causing the carb beast to wake and rumble, and with good reason- they're quite good, and recommended unlike other places, such as Sizzler, who manage to screw them up by undercooking the pasta or potatoes, over salting, if there's a way to screw it up others in the area have or are doing it.

Also on the menu, as well as being an additional bane to the anti-carb freaks, are the soups, breads, and potatoes. There has only been one disappointment in this department- a bland seasonal vegetable soup that probably won't see the light of day again- at least one can hope.

There's another reason why I patronize this particular establishment: I experienced a moment that made me grateful to be an American- not proud- grateful. There is a difference.

During the late summer, as the Obama/McCain presidential campaign was in full swing. As I dished up my after-workout dinner, two of the employees were engaged in a conversation concerning current events. As they discussed the election, one of the two women floored me with one single sentence: "Isn't it wonderful how we can talk about elections and candidates, and no longer worry about being shot?"

Good mostly food, and a strong reminder of the rights we have living in this country- you definitely can't beat that deal anywhere.
The fresh bread and the portions of the salads alone make this place awesome.
Try the banana honey sandwich, it will definitely psych your mind. 
I also tried their tomato bisque and french onion soups. It's so good, especially when you dip the crusts of your bread in it. ZOMG my mouth is watering.
I can't forget to mention that they have the best salads ever; it's so colorful with its blend of greens, carrots, cucumbers, etc. Get the house dressing (poppyseed). It's wonderful.
You order a sandwich and you get back a monster of fresh veggies, soft honey wheat bread, meat/fish, and saran wrap. Tuna Salad was a bit heavy on the relish for my taste, but the rest of the ingredients (and the size!) more than made up for that shortfall.

4 stars for a good, fresh sandwich

Revisit? Ya
AWESOME salads. My favorite is the Veggie Delight with poppy seed dressing! HUUGE portion for around $8 - I can never finish in one sitting. Share if you can. I've tried their sandwiches and soup before, but it's just not as good. I hope they re-open soon because when I crave a salad, I want theirs!!
I wrote this review when it was called Cafe Mattina and they put a big closed next to my review so I am repasting on Intermezzo. =) I LOVE This place. I've been going for a few years.  I love getting a half sandwich with the soup. I always call ahead to see what their soup of the day is. They always have vegetarian chili and thai chicken noodle though. I am a vegetarian, so if I don't want chili, I need to know what their other offerings are. I have never had their salads but they are HUGE and a LOT of people order them. Every soup I've ever had there has been delicious, and the sandwiches are sooo good. I get the veggie sandwich. Before I was vegetarian I would get the BLTA which was also fantastic. They have a TON of Italian Soda flavors which I can appreciate. I got the blueberry last time and it was perfect. The line gets pretty long, but it moves quickly. The prices are also reasonable. I like to sit in the window because it's great for people watching. This place never gets old for me.
The boy and I were visiting his brother and sister-in-law who have recently moved to Pittsburg.  During our day-long visit to the Carnegie Museums, we decided to stop and have lunch here rather than wander the city looking for food.  

The boy had the steak sandwich, which he said was a little greasy, but yummy.  I had the petite salad and mushroom soup; it came with a cute little bread bun.  The salad was prettily presented, but the carrot curlicues were very challenging to eat gracefully.  The soup was very good, and the combo only cost $5!

We sat by the window, which presented a nice view of the fountain and the street.
There salads are very good.  Claim to fame is size.  Really big, as they should be for a $7 salad.  The tofu sandwich is also delicious.  The poppy seed dressing is good.  

I order lunch for my coworkers and I from here very often.  On one occasion, 3 out of 7 of our salads had plastic in them.  I have been there 80-100 times, and that is the only time I have ever had a problem.  The staff was very concerned, apologetic, and nice about it.  They gave me a full refund of $69.  I still eat there!  Shit happens right.  And the food is still good.
I remember the first time I sat down and ate at Sproul Plaza was when I was visiting Berkeley with 2 friends while I was still in high school, and we decided to get Cafe Intermezzo to-go. I ordered the hummus sandwich (I forgot if this was the Berkeley Sandwich, or just the hummus sandwich) and it was huge! I could barely finish it. They packed so much hummus into the sandwich, which made it very tasty.

However, this place is usually packed, so plan on taking your sandwich to-go, or waiting a long time to find a place to sit and eat. The service is also somewhat slow. 

Also, pay in cash! They charge you $1 if you pay with your card if you're below some limit.
SALADS REAL BIG!

Pastrami sandwich omg! omg!

Helluv cheap... get a full yummy healthy meal for under 7 bucks!

Pitchers of ice water!!!

I have yet to see someone finish one of their full size salads
Closed? What?! I fricking loved this place! I guess it goes by Cafe Mattina now. Is that right?

Anyways from my fond memories of a summer spent at UC Berkeley, I remember the most delicious sandwiches, huge salads filled with all sorts of healthy yummy goodness and the BEST BREAD on Earth! Like seriously, it was moist and nutty and tasted like honey and grains and oats. I could make love to that bread everyday just by itself - no butter, no jam, no nothin.
I need to stop buying a beer when I go here, I never have room to finish it.
This is place is definitely worth coming back at least 3 times a week!  The staff is very really awesome and friendly!  food... sandwiches and fries are amazing!  this place is close to perfect and is for sure on my top 5.  overall a 9 out of 10.  good job!
Wthell, didn't know it was possible for a salad bowl to be bigger than my face, but that's Cafe Intermezzo for you. 

My friend and I had their half-size salad (lettuce, tomatoes, carrots) and we couldn't even finish that. Their bread is SO good, a plus for me because I'm a carbs lover.. :)

I'm going back next Tuesday. Yey.
I am still devastated and in mourning. Is Intermezzo really gone for good? I've loved these salads for years and have raved to many but most of the time my words fell on deaf uninterested ears who have never been (and may now never get to experience) how great these salads are. Me and husband's usual order: Veggie Delight (no sprouts) with poppyseed dressing and a BLTA. I also grab an extra Veggie Delight in a to go box to take to work with me the next day for lunch.

Both the husband I were regulars. In fact we talked about driving to Berkeley just to visit Intermezzo for dinner the day their establishment burned down. And then later that morning a friend, who introduced this place to me years back forwarded me an article stating the unfortunate news knowing that I loved this place as much as she did. We went through the series of emotions together: first disbelief/denial, anger, then we expressed our shock to our friends via linkage of the said article to our social media sites and then still in shock, we came to terms with the cold, hard facts. We had our moment of silence mourning the loss of our favorite to-go places and now we are just hoping and praying that they will one day be resurrected back to life. If it happens we will celebrate that day as if it was a mini-Easter. Except we'd celebrate not with marshmallow Peeps and chocolates but with salads and sandwiches and instead of searching for Easter eggs we'd be searching for parking in the neighborhood. 

You've been good to us, Intermezzo. I will miss you dearly, my friend.
I'm not much of a soup person, but I have to say the half sandwich half soup combo is a pretty good deal (it was at least when I had a coupon : ) ) I love their chicken sandwich. I'm not sure what the exact name is, but it's this pink/red chicken? Hm...it was yum.
Street parking free after 6.

BLUEBERRY MUFFINS, BOMB. Mac and cheese has its days and CAN be really great. Broccoli salad is good if you like sweet. Luckily, Costco picked it up and sells the kit for it.

I like the chicken noodle soup because it's light and not too salty. Beware for those who scoop out all the chicken and nothing else. Greedy bastards.

To be honest, I'm not sure why I like this place so much but I do. I think it's because I love buffet style and trying a little bit of everything and this is just a healthier alternative. I will always be a fan of THE SOUP.
This place has been saving my ass during Lent on Friday's since I was a kid.  

A big ass salad with hella greens, hella everything!  It even comes with a slice of the honey wheat bread.  That bread is hella fucking dope!  I was craving that bread so bad one day that I walked in there and bought a WHOLE loaf.  

Now I'm not a healthy hippie or anything but this place is great.  There is almost always a line but those hippies move hella fast to get your order. 

So:

Salads...dope.
Sandwiches....dope.
Coffee......dope.
Bread.....Mutha' Fuckin' Dope!

Minus one star: Blue cheese dressing is nasty watery.
I really enjoyed this place. Might be a new favorite lunch spot.  $7 including tip gets you a cup of chowder, 3 clam cakes and a fountain drink. We are not talking a top 10 chowder here, but it was decent.  The service was super fast, I was in and out of there in about 20min. So as far as fast cheap lunches go this place is a total win.
The best thing about this place is the fact that Virginia Tech has pulled some serious strings to allow meal plans to cover purchases  made here. Students get everything half off, your card is swiped, and you can leave with a gigantic smile on your face thanking the Hokie higher-ups for making this possible. I am a sucker for the Mediterranean wrap and the croissants here. When I'm sick, their soups ALWAYS do it for me and there are six different kinds everyday. Their sandwiches are pretty much a 10 on the amazing scale as are their fresh pastries, fruit cups, yogurt, and peach tea. Oh and the card swiper guy (Stephen) always makes my day. I don't care how long his line is... my card will be swiped here because he is the best and everyone knows it. He's kind of a legend on campus (like the old guys that run in their little shorts) - there's even a Facebook group for him (http://vt.facebook.com/group.php?gid=2200515514). I really don't have much more to say... I love ABP.
Cafe Intermezzo has always been a great place to get a sandwich or a salad and both of them are huge in comparison to any other salad I get anywhere else. Not to mention they taste delicious. Everything including the bread is always fresh so I have no complaints regarding the food. The drinks I've tried are pretty good too but I'm not too big on trying them at any place. 

The only reason I'm deducting a point is because they charge you when you want to use your debit card an extra dollar or two (forgot how much) and I don't feel that's necessary.
When I'm in the mood for a huge salad this is where I go.  I don't think I've ever had a bigger salad anywhere.  And it is super yummy, lots of veggies in it and the meat portions are a good size.  I've been here about a 1/2 dozen times or so and have only ever had salad and soup.  A friend said I have to try a sandwich next time, she loves them.  

You probably don't want to engage in any sort of conversation or even try to smile at the people behind the counter, they don't really like it when you do that. : P   The customer service is tolerable but I don't go here for the customer service, I go here for the salad!
Not worth waiting in line for a sandwich - the sandwiches are decent but the line is outrageous - but the coffee is better than pete's and very cheap with your own mug.

i did once spy a very cute and small mouse cruising from table to table here. i still go back, but just for coffee and coffeecake.
Huge salads you can stretch into 4 servings. Everything seems really fresh. The house vinaigrette is superb, slightly sweet and tangy, not overwhelming. Honey wheat bread that compliments the salads so well. The tuna salad is perfectly blended and when added in the Chef's Salad, you get two heaping handfuls. 

Sandwiches aren't as grandiose as the salads. Actually, a bit disappointing. I've missed out on alfalfa sprouts on 2 separate occasions. One time, it was forgotten, the 2nd time, they ran out. The bathroom is pretty disgusting...could use a more regular cleaning. I like all the individual seating. Super glad I finally tried this place. Will definitely return.
This was one of the first places I ate at  when I started working in Berkeley last week. The corn chowder was soooo good. I think I spent $6 bucks for half soup and salad. 

Side note:
I have to set aside $50 a week to eat out for lunch. LOL. Well just for the first month... I have to try all the different food. But after I go broke, then I'll bring my lunch.
I'm so sad it's closed now. Back in my Cal days, I used to go here at least twice a week for a salad or sandwich, or both. The bread alone is delicious. The sandwiches are stuffed with meat and veggies so they barely fit in one bite. I miss their pastrami, tuna salad, and turkey/avocado/bacon sandwiches...

The only thing close to it near me that I know of is Sprout cafe in Palo Alto, but their salads and sandwiches just aren't the same level of awesome and scope. Being near Stanfurd probably has a lot to do with it, but I digress.

I hope Intermezzo comes back!
The Belgium Frites were really good here! The small order was amazing! great size for 2 people..came with strips of bacon in it. They were like steak fries, hot on the inside and fried perfectly on the outside.
The salad was okay I got the New England cobb salad without the bacon and instead I got chickapeas in it. It wasn't amazing and considering panera and olive's is around the corner I dont' know if Id go again for the salad. The pb&j on the kids menu was a great size and portion of jelly and peanut butter. The soups (split pea and chicken pot pie) look pretty good and were normally priced. Service is fast and there is limited seating..probably only 5-6 people at a time can sit inside the store while the outside does have more seating.
Definitely a good choice, but there's just a few pro-tips you need to make your experience at Intermezz a good one. The salads are not just huge but also amazing, and all the ingredients just TASTE fresh. The prices aren't too shabby either for the amount of food.
Follow this advice and you will LOVE this place.
1) Order a salad. Sure, the other stuff is good too but really salad is where this place shines.
2) Get your dressing on the side. Most of the dressings taste great, but they do put a lot more on than I like.
3) Sit facing the street. It's hard to get a seat, but there's nothing more enjoyable than getting to watch everything that's going on on telegraph while munching up on an intermezz salad.

Definitely a good choice, especially for students dying for some non-dining hall salad.
This salad and sandwich joint is a Berkeley staple.  The portions are nice and big, and often so is the line.
Try it!

Fire roasted chicken panini - 4/5. Really good. A lot more chicken than I would expect. A little too much sauce, but that's OK. I'd order it again. 

Fries - 5/5. Great. Not the sweet potato fries, just the regular bar(?) fries. Really crispy, garlicy, delicious. 

Staff is really friendly. If you are unhappy with your food (unlikely), just let em know! I'm sure they'd try to fix it. Restaurant is clean. Knocked down a star cause it's a little on the pricey side.
Spudnick's is now closed.
Souperbowl was a staple for me during the 4 years I lived in Amherst.  The soup was quality and the bread bowl is always excellent.  Their vegi chili is good as are most of their soups.  The real winner here however is the Buffalo Chicken Chowder and always get it in a bread bowl.  That was my go to meal most days that I visited Souperbowl and I can say it was always an excellent choice.  If you get the soup to go they give you more soup than the bread-bowl can take which is wonderful for a snack later on to go with the bowl topper. When I went with family and friends they tried paninis and other soups and always enjoyed it. 

I can say they should bring back the whole wheat bowl but not charge extra for it.  I'm willing to bet that is why it wasn't a huge success, because it was delicious and a nice healthier alternative.  Their customer service is also not the greatest, the owners (husband and wife) always seem a bit preoccupied and are really just there to place your order and run the kitchen.  The prices are a little high for what you get, but all in all the quality makes up for it!
elaine benes will never know again of the glory of the intermezzo Big salad. boo.
Well after a failed attempted to go to Bakesale Bettys, a place well known for their fried chicken sandwiches that they actually run out of by mid-day, this place came to mind. 

We ended up parking by our previous location so we end up walking two miles to get to it. We finally make it, see a tiny-ass sign that says "Cash Only" and we turn around and go hunt down an ATM. 
It's about three o'clock, keep this in mind with the idea that the two people trying to eat here had to walk a long way and wait in a long line. 

We return with the money to a fairly hot building and a long line.
Note to self: if you are trying a place for the first time do not go when it is busy. The staff is seriously frustrated by customers that don't understand the process into ordering from their place. 

Thats the only problem I had with this place, ordering was awkward and you felt like you were pissing someone off. 

HOWEVER, when you make food fresh and you stay consistent with it everytime, then you find yourself with four stars. My photo that I took from our trip. 

Good cuts of deli meat here so you have to get a sandwich. Oh, and I got their soup of the day "Thai Chicken Basil Soup with Udon Noodle." 

Sold.
I consider myself a BLT connoisseur and Intermezzo gets my vote for best BLT(A) in the East Bay! Bacon is perfectly cooked, avocado comes with the sandwich (I really hate paying an extra dollar + for avocado at other places...) and the bread is fantastic. Plus the sandwich is huge for $6.25. If BLTs kept better, I'd save a half for later. But they don't so I just gorge myself.

I hear the salads are great, but I can't bring myself to order anything but the BLT when I'm there. Maybe someday I'll do the half sandwich/half soup combo.
I still can't believe you're gone like that.
Engulfed in flames. 

I will miss your chef salads.
A single bowl amounting to a whole month's fresh veggie intake.

I will miss your poppy seed dressing.
The sweet and nutty goodness completing the salads.

I will miss your vegetarian chili.
Hearty with a layer of gooey cheese warming my Winter afternoons. 

I will miss your prime location.
Never a dull moment people watching by the window.

You've been good to me and to many many people alike.
Please come back soon!
Intermezzo is a salad factory. It's also a refuge for the terminally pierced, tattooed, or otherwise fashion-edgy folks that are sick of working in coffee shops, but whose artistic endeavors haven't quite achieved economic lift-off. 

Intermezzo is also one of the best Berkeley people watching spots on the Ave. Pull up a mini-bench at the window and watch the show. Maybe you'll be blessed by the stoned rasta-queen who planted a big sloppy kiss on the mirror in front of me. 

This is the place where you go when you need a massive infusion of greens on the cheap. Even a small salad is big. And the chef's salads, with your choice o' sandwich meat, is almost big enough to wallow in. No, it's not organic. No, they don't take credit cards, ATM cards, nope, nothing but cold, hard cash.

This is because Intermezzo's all about speed, like any other good assembly line. You'll see a line out the door, so popular you might wonder if it's a pot club (they're a few blocks down on the same side of the street). Don't be discouraged, take your place at the back of the line, and watch the saladistas power through buckets of produce. Each worker takes the order of one person, satisfies their needs and yells "Next"!

Take an extra napkin so that you can give your utensils an extra  wipe. Wanna look like a local? Drop something on an empty spot to claim it. Scan the menu board on the wall so you're not one of those idjits who gets up there after a 20 minute wait without a clue. 

Then tell them what you want, the dressing, if you want dressing mixed in or on the side, for here or to go, pay at the register while it's being made (don't forget to tip...these guys don't make squat and you're getting a deal!), and you're eating  a pile of roughage that would make Dr. Koop proud of you. Guaranteed, you won't leave hungry unless you're a close relative of Jabba the Hutt.
Great for the location, price, and quality of food.  I'll admit, sometimes the salad isn't as fresh as it should be, or the chicken tastes a little off.  But usually, for $7.50, I get a salad that's both reasonably healthy and fills me up.  My favorites are the Cobb and Asian Chicken.  I'd like the Cesar too, but that dressing is a no go. 

Grandma Mary's chicken soup is great when I'm feeling a bit under the weather.  I like the clam chowder and tomato bisque as well.  Tried the Lobster Bisque, it was a bit thin and tasted like it came out of a can. 

Everything comes with a hunk of bread. The little sandwiches are pretty good too.  Roast beef FTW.
Great value.  This is a nice Souplantation.  Great selection it's neat and clean.
Eat here if you're hungry and want a buttload of food for a little price.

But I'm here to talk about the salad.  You know those salad bowls that people MIX salads in (for say 5 or 6 people)?  Well, that is the size of your salad.  It's bigger than your head.  The dressings are delicious!  And who doesn't want to eat a salad bigger than your head?

The sandwiches are also gigantic. Huge, think slices, packed chock full of good stuffs.  If you get a half sandwich/salad, the salad (which is "small") is the size of your head.  It's still a gigantic amount of salad, but you can't park your car in it like the "big" salad.

I highly recommend it for cheap, salads, and sandwiches.  The soup is the teeniest (and cheapest) thing on the menu.  But you'll see people eating the gigantic bigger-than-yer-head salads - and you'll probably want one too.
Date: Various times throughout the years

Time: there's always a long line during lunch time, so I always go after the gym, around 8pm.

Company: Various people

Decor: Simple

Service: Friendly and fast

Sustenance: I used to get the Veggie Delight with Poppyseed dressing.  Now I've switched to the Chef Salad, which is basically the same thing but with a choice of sandwich meat (turkey is my pick) added.

Drinks: Water

Highlights: Huge and delicious salad.  Cheap.

Lowlights: More consistency: it really depends on who makes the salad.  Sometimes I get a whole lot of croutons, and other times I get close to none.
Here's my 4 reasons for rating cafe intermezzo with 4 stars...
1. Asparagus leak (the ass leakage), Vegan Chilli (only sissy don't get the cheese, mmm beer) & corn chowder! Holy salty bacon chunks! This stuff is always hearty, made every morning, and is served with love.
2.HOLY Honey wheat bread! This amazing decadent bread is super great, the smell is intoxicating, the crust is great, topped with sunflower seeds and glazed with a egg-wash.  This bread is heaven sent, and is sprinkled with dreams.
3. Cheap cheap cheap, did i mention cheap?  Drinks are alright, reasonably priced for sure.
4. Ok , the salads rule, garbonzeys, kidneys, avos, fuck the egg, but those goddamn beefcake tomatoes rule, and are especially great for throwing at people you dislike... and any dorkus who says the salad mix is boring, I'd like you to tell me another place that mixes 7 different kind of salad green in their bowl?
by the way im an insider to this place, and I know all the behind the scenes, sure the building is old, but they most definately spend alot of time cleaning it up, the place passes all health inspections and the people there are sweeter than the poppyseed dressing they make everyday for the non-stop line out the door!
You come here for a salad lunch, and you'll have enough to last you for another meal the next day.  Perfect for the starving student.
All you can eat Soup & Salad for lunch only $6.99, I love the price I like the food. The soups are sometime under seasoned but I do enjoy the muffins, pizza bread & fruit bar.
WAY OVER PRICED! Good soup on a cold day but damn I feel as though Id have to have a special occasion to justify eating here more then once a blue moon. Plus the whole process and assembly line feel to getting your food is not encouraging at all. Oh and sandwiches are premade. I might as well go to Safeway at least then I could get what I want.
I would give this place 5 stars if I were only basing my review on the soup. Their buffalo chicken chowder is amazing, as is their buffalo chicken panini. One of my complaints about this place is that they seem to be stingy about a lot of things and they aren't 100% customer friendly. The size of the piece of bread that comes with the bowl of soup is insulting. Another complaint is that their bathroom never seems to have soap. This place is worth checking out because of their really good soup.
Absolutely love this place...even when I have to wait in a ling line out the door.

I always get the chef's salad with either turkey or roast beef and poppy seed dressing on the side.  I appreciate all the different ingredients that are in the salad, even though I can totally live without the carrot slices.  The slice of honey loaf - SO good.  I tried buying a whole loaf once but they wouldn't let me for some reason.  Then there is the slice of pineapple that always managed to be sweet, even in the winter.

On top of the quality of the food, I love the service here.  People are always ready to serve & they are always smiling.  Love it.  I love the decor too.

$8.00 can seem a little much for a salad, but once you see the ingredients & the amount that's in a salad, you'll see it's more than worth it.  I always get 2 big meals out of a salad so it's only $4.00 a meal - cheaper (& healthier & tastier) than fastfood.
Expensive and uninspired salad place. If you're in the neighborhood, looking for something fresh and healthy, I'd suggest going to Evos instead.
I've been a huge fan of Intermezzo for more than a decade ... but a few years ago it was bought by some new owners, and things have gone downhill since then.

The food is about the same. Same menu. Same high-quality ingredients. Same huge portions. Same incredible incredible incredible thick-sliced wheat bread.

What has changed are the prices, which have almost doubled in the last year. I no longer find the food to be worth the cost, and so I won't be going again.
I like salads and I like soups; therefore I must like lots of salads and lots of soups at one meal.  What can I say.  Actually you can get away with not eating any veggie there.  Trust me, I have done it over and over again.  So you can pretend to be healthy but...not.  If it wasn't for my friend gotten sick few times from possibily their spinach (from other locations), I would have given it a four star.   The one near the Beverly Center has more selections, but I must be faithful to the Pasadena branch since I live here.  Us Pasadenians should stick together.
I've been here a couple of times now & ordered the same veggie delight salad & both times has been good. The salads are HUGE! They stuff the bowl or to go box so much you can barely mix in the dressing. 

Definitely ask to have it to go because that's what you'll be doing with all the left over salad. Would definitely come again
The salads are big. Like, obnoxiously large.

I ordered the Veggie Delight salad with turkey and poppy seed dressing and a cup of clam chowder to go, lugged it back to my office, and then attempted to eat it at my desk, much to the amusement of my co-workers. Lettuce, croutons, garbanzo beans... everywhere. Plus a huge slice of wheat bread and a honking wedge of watermelon. I didn't know where to start. I barely made a dent in the salad and only finished a quarter of the soup.

It's great bang for your buck and I can see how this place gets such high ratings in a town full of starving college students, but seriously? Do I really need a WHOLE avocado in my salad?

The turkey was good and the dressing was tasty. But it was just too hard to eat! Every fork-full sent ruffage plummeting over the edge of the plastic to-go container. My desk needed a thorough wipe-down. 

The clam chowder was meh - bland and had a weird texture.

I guess it's my fault for not reading the reviews beforehand, so Yelpers be warned - the portions are frustratingly huge. Nothing spectacular, it's just salad. Definitely quantity over quality.
Yay! I'm so glad SF Soup Co. came to Berkeley!

Preface: I am Chicken Tortilla Soup fiend. I get random, intense cravings for it all the time. 

The only kind of soup I've ever gotten here is their Chicken Tortilla and it's goooood. Not as good as Soop's, but they have it every day of the week. And it's thick and creamy and filling and delicious. Can't go wrong with the Chicken Tortilla. 

Minus 1 star because I think it's overpriced.
The salad I ordered (Chopped House Salad) was pretty good. Although they delivered it with no dressing. The poppy seed dressing was good once I received it in a side container. The chicken salad sandwich was VERY good... In fact I could use one of those right now. Normally, I try to stick to reviewing just food and service, but I have to comment on one other thing this time... Dirty. The restaurant was so full of dirty dishes and tables all of the people in line couldn't sit down. We bussed our own tables and my girlfriend bussed a few others so next people in line could sit. Food all over the floor and flies buzzing around. I will go back and give it another shot and see if they try and clean up a bit.
Great salads, they're huge and satisfying. Most people shouldn't expect to finish one alone. Great value for the price
Goood quality and hearty sandwiches for a very reasonable price. The sandwiches are also quite big, so I would recommend sharing!

I would recommend ordering anything with avocado!
I give Intermezzo 5 stars because it is by far the best salad/sandwich shop I have ever been to. It's simple, but the quality of the veggies is top-notch. Their homemade wheat bread is so bomb. It's thick, chewy, and a little sweet. The best thing to order is the chef salad with half turkey/half chicken salad and with poppy seed dressing. They should bottle that dressing and make lots of money off of it. Also try the agua frescas. This is a great lunch or dinner spot for poor college kids who can get 2 or 3 meals out of one ginormous salad for the price of $7.50.
Goodbye, goodbye, my dear salad friend.

I "grew up" on your salad.  Your ginormous bowl of salad with poppyseed dressing and wheat bread has kept me a healthy skinny 20+ year old girl for years.

Those were the good old days and I had many fond memories. Thank you.

Please, please arise from the ashes because not only I need to look like I was an anorexic girl again although I have turned into an attractive voluptous hot mama you would have been proud of, but because I want you to be always be there to feed the next generation of nieces, nephews, sons, daughters, etc.

You will be very, very missed! "tears"
Hey, this place used to be a 5-star(er).  But in the last couple of years, they have really cheapened their ingredients.  Damn you, corporate America.  Their turkey used to be deli-style & now I'm sure it comes from some imitation Oskar Mayur turkey crap.  The humus sandwich is too salty for my taste.  Their dijon tastes different too.  What happened?  The humus is too salty for my taste.  Their bread is still excellent, as are their portions.  You can also order wine/beer/coffee to go along with your salad/sandwhich.  I have never tried any of their soups.  The dressing (from what I remember) was very tasty but oily.  Now, I tend to eat healthier, so I bring my own low-fat dressing.  The line sucks.
Cafe Intermezzo has the BEST salads I've ever had.  I am quite picky with salads as I like my veggies to be very fresh and crisp and this cafe serves all the right vegetables in all their salads.

I love getting their soup and salad combo, because everyday they try to have a different and unique recipe soup.

Everything is freshly made from their bread to their drinks.  It is definitely value for your money :D
Everything here is amazing! I love the vegan chili, hummus sandwiches, huge salads and yummy bread. You can't really go wrong. Best to avoid lunch hours cuz the line can get pretty long.
We went to Cafe Intermezzo for lunch today.  It was good, but not great.  I had the Roast Beef Sandwich and Corn Chowder.  My date had the Italian Sandwich.  Our total was $13.50, and was good but not worth that much.  Too many sprouts, some attitude from the people that work there, and the overpricing makes me think I will probably not go back (although I don't like to judge a place based on one visit).  At least there were free refills on the Coke.  :-)
Also my all-time favorite salad hole. The poppy seed could be the best dressing of all time.  The salads are absolutely humongous and are very cheap to cater to the Berkeley student crowd. I love the assembly-line style of preparation, especially since they obviously have a policy that the service counter area can just be cleaned up at the end of the day. They make quite a mess!  By the way, stories about rats are heresay until you actually have SEEN rats or have evidence from a credible source, not just a disgruntled friend who probably got fired for using the dressing as a body moisturizer or something.
When I need a soup and salad fixin I go here, especially when I'm trying to eat healthier!!! This is the spot I would go out of my way for just to have a salad with that poppy seed dressing!! 

The servings are hefty, so you'll probably have leftovers. I usually get a mixed green salad with the poppy seed dressing and the veggie chilli soup with extra cheese. With every order they always hook it up with a thick piece of homemade bread and a piece of fruit (usually pineapple)  I've tried a few of the sandwich's which are also tasty, but I always go for the salads.

They also have an array of fresh fruit juices that will quench your thirst. 
If I need a coffee fix I go for the rock climber. Espresso shots with a blend of milk and honey. (Note: this will get you wired throughout the day!!!)

Overall, a great lunch, guilt free.
5-10 years ago, this place used to be the shit!!  It was the combination of the huge portions and the unbeatable price, but since they have upped their prices twice in the past 2 years, it ceases to hold that special place in my heart.   Cash only is a pain in the ass as well.

  Having said that, it still is a good place to eat, but not the super bargain it used to be.  The tomatoes on the salad don't taste as fresh as I would like, but their poppy seed dressing makes up for it.   Their vegetarian chilli is tasty but does something brutal to my stomach.  Its fun to feel old amidst all the Cal students and their espresso drinks will get you going. 

If you are looking for super fresh gourmet salad, your $7 would be better spent at the Whole Foods Salad bar, it wont be as big, but who every finishes those things!!
I am really really sad to see that this place is no longer there. They had the most amazing vinaigrette. Does anyone know the recipe by chance?
This is a GREAT place to frequent for their amazing salads and intense baked goods. YUP! BET YOU DIDNT KNOW THAT! I didnt know the baked goods were sooooo great until recently. However, I will start with the salads. Dont become overwhelmed because of the lines or lack of tables, this place is seemingly always full and packed because its that great. 

The location is great, it's on the cool and divey Telegraph so lots to see and do. Zebra is right around the corner, there's a cool Wet Seal that is priced way lower than most Wet Seal's go. Very cool American Apparel on the far end corner of the street and the eats are as good as it gets. Plenty to choose from if your in a group of indecisive people or don't want to splurge too much on food/snacks. The catch, there is no parking. (No surprises there bay area huh?) You have to park in a garage (that charges) or find metered street parking within range of this general area. Great if your not in a rush, but really sucks when your on the way home from  work and really just want to run in and out with food to take home at Cafe Intermezzo. 

The service is alright at best. Because they experience such long lines and people are always engaged in conversation, the employee's are usually pretty short with you and want you to tell them your order immediately upon making eye contact. If you try to explain or specify your order you will witness the employee's become exasperated and sigh because your are boring them. 

So be decisive, make it simple, give them your order and move on to the cashier if you have requests that stray from the ordinary i.e: extra dressing, no pineapple, extra bread, to go, whatever. The cashier usually has more patience. 

So we have tried almost everything on the menu and I personally feel the sandwiches suck. The bread is so wholesome and fresh, its really good and we usually want an extra slice with our salads, and the ingredients put into the sandwiches are top notch, but what can I say? The salads are unique in that they rock in a way the sandwiches just cant compete. 

We get the Chef's salad with chicken or ("chicken salad mixture") with everything; lettuce, tomato, garbanzo and kidney beans, croutons, carrot slices, hard boiled egg slices and poppyseed dressing. 

The Poppyseed dressing is kick a$$! 

We also take Italian soda's to go, spruce it up with 7-up/sprite instead of club soda and 1 extra pump of mango syrup =) Talk about your sugar rush!

Then, we take a peek over by the register's at the baked good of the day. These are great! It's 1 unique baked good, baked earlier that morning (at home) by a baker. She does not work for the cafe but bakes small batches of home baked goodness for the cafe each day and once it's gone (usually gone by lunch time) its GONE and not to be seen or repeated until a random act of goodness allows you to experience it again. 

I bake. ALOT. Actually, I bake for friend's/family/school etc and can make some pretty intricate pastries/baked goods, I'm telling you... From one baker to another, the baked goods at this Cafe are friggin awesome. The hot apple pie was so warm and crumbly I couldnt' get a perfect cookie cutter slice but the filling was sweet and tart and not overwhelming it was perfection. I took an extra sliced home for the hubby and served it with vanilla ice cream a la mode and he keeps reminding me to go back for more. However, it changes every day and it is usually quite the highlight of our week haha! ;-P

NOTE: THIS PLACE TAKES CASH ONLY! yup, call it retro but it can be quite an inconvenience if your like me and never have cash on you because you rely on everything electronically. (Fast track/debit/credit card) So remember, make it a point to carry cash on you when going here and extra change for the meters (sometimes the machines dont read the debit card right).
Sandwiches to die for. Peanut butter-banana-honey sounds like an odd combination, but it's actually good. So is their bacon-lettuce-tomato-avocado sandwich. Really good soups and huge salads. Watch out if you go between 12 and 1pm - the line is out the door! (and you will probably be accosted by the addicts who hang out on Telegraph).
big salads, cheap prices, bad dressing, bad variety.

i'm just not into big chunks of unripe tomatoes on my iceburg and mixed green lettuce combo,

the vinaigrette was oily and not very flavorful. i could make a much better salad!
My girlfriend and I visited the San Francisco Soup Company for the first time earlier today and found their soups to be quite delicious. The friendly representative offered samples, so I tried the Indian Lentil, but found it to be very unflavorful. When I told him I was a vegetarian, he offered a sample of their popular organic Smoky Split Pea soup, which I really enjoyed. My girlfriend settled on the Mexican Chicken Tortilla, which she said was good. During the entire time we were there, all three staff members we encountered were very courteous.

The only issue I have with this restaurant is that the prices are quite high for just soup. Most of their regular size, 12-ounce soups (the smallest size their soups come in) are a minimum of five dollars (all soups do come with a small piece of bread though). Fortunately, we had a $2 off any soup coupon that we were able to use. Without the coupon, there's a high chance we may not visit San Francisco Soup Company due to their high regular prices.
I'm pretty disappointed in you fellow yelpers. Nothing personal, but you kinda let me down. 

So I tried Cafe Intermezzo yesterday, much to the excitement of my girlfriend who also was referred to this place by a friend. I just don't get it...what is the big deal witht his place?

Of course there was a line of people waiting to order. The tables were full and the portions looked huge. As I was in line waiting to place my order, I felt my mouth start to water looking at the mega-portions of seemingly good food. 

The bread was stale, the salad was average AT BEST, and most importantly, we had to clear the dishes off the table in order to have room for us to even sit down. So many other tables had the plates/glasses piled up on them too...people just kept adding to the pile....with no staff in site to remove the garbage left behind. 

In addition, I had noticed before placing my order that pineapple was added to each plate as a garnish. This is a nice touch, as I'm sure pineapple is a delicious treat for so many people. I am deathly allergic to pineapple though and made it absolutely clear that staff be very very careful when preparing my food as to not contaminate it with pineapple residue. Ya know, she rolled her eyes when I asked for absolutely no pineapple!

Sure enough, I had an anaphalytic reaction after eating because one of the dumb-shit staff members didn't heed my warning. Just because you hate your job and would prefer to be out smoking the ganja with your hippy friends doesn't mean you need to poison the patrons. 

I won't be back...my life is more important.
Intermezzo is my lifeblood when midterms and finals hit.  $4.50 for their basic salad - ask for no croutons, and the whole to-go box is filled with fresh(ish) veggies.  The portions are huge for this price and are a far better alternative to tempting, but havoc-wreaking, pad see ew and arm-sized burritos.
I love soup plantation and usually just go to the one across from the Beverly Center.  This place seemed more like a cafeteria? You just go down a row of the normal salads and then walk down the lines for the hot food, bread and soup.

I have to say, I like the one at Beverly Center better because I had to wait a while because the soups and rest of the food are in one line so it's kind of odd to cut in the middle and the line started piling up when someone couldn't make up their mind regarding what soup they were going to get.

All in all, the sitting area was huge! Big place, but seemed like there was less food than Bev Center, which I'm sure is all in my head, but I think it was b/c of that cafteria line set up.

Anyways, what can go wrong at Soup Plantation?? It's same good quality food and salads. :D
This place is as good as it gets for buffet salads and soups. I've been coming here since I was old enough to barely see over the counter top. They switch up pre-made salads (for the uncreative salad maker such as myself) and have seasonal varieties in addition to their crowd-pleasers. 

The salad bar is extensive and carries all the fixings, matched by a large selection of dressings as well. Soups are made from scratch, and I love their New England Clam Chowder. I also love their blueberry muffins, made from scratch as well. Ummm, and their strawberry lemonade is pretty much superb. Sometimes the waiters come around with freshly baked cookies for you. How nice. 

Only come with a coupon, though. Otherwise you would be paying more than you need to. It's not that difficult to find coupons either, just sign up and/or check their website.
Definitely been curious about this place.  On an ordinary day, my first choice would have been a baked potato with chili, but that seems like a lot of carbs & I almost always eat out for Friday nite's dinner.  I opted for something more moderate, like a ham & cheese panini with a cup of chili.  The very friendly cashier handed me a number and told me to take a seat wherever I like.

Food came quickly, and everything tasted pretty good.  The panini isn't the Corner Bakery style of a sandwich with grill marks on bread.  This bread is a little fluffier than a pita bread, but definitely not a slice of your conventional bread.  Probably saved some calories by not covering it in butter.  Anyway, there is a honey dijon sauce that goes well with the ham, and no complaints on the sandwich.  The chili is thick, but not too thick, and nicely seasoned.  If you're the kind of person who appreciates a hot burger with cold lettuce & tomato, then you would appreciate this chili.  Hot (temperature hot) chili is served with refrigerator-cold sour cream, with cheese just starting to melt. The temperature contrast is a pleasant shock, and the flavors blend well.

The employees are definitely trying hard, and I didn't see any signs of new restaurant/new kitchen syndrome, altho my order was pretty simple.  The only drawback for me was the price.  The meal in the picture was $13, which is only $1 less than the oh-so fancy Napa Valley Grille Yountville lunch.  Still, a good alternative when I don't have as much time for lunch, and will maybe get a spot in the lunch rotation.
I've been here twice for lunch, and both times I got the large soup/sandwich/side piece of  bread combo for $8, including tax, IIRC. The first time I got the Grandma's Chicken Soup, or something like that, a sandwich that I can't remember anymore, and the sourdough bread. The second time, I got the Roasted Garlic Beef Stew (again, the name might be wrong), some kind of roasted chicken sandwich, and the wheat-ish bread.

Overall, it was OK. The chicken soup was warm and pretty flavorful. The beef stew is lacking in taste, but it does have a generous amount of potatoes and meat. The chicken sandwich (which is really half of a sandwich) was a little plain-tasting, but it was decent enough and had tomatoes,  lettuce, and soft bread. I would recommend the wheat bread over the sourdough because it's softer and easier to eat, but if you're a sourdough fan, the hardness probably won't bother you.

The amount of food you get for what you pay is reasonable, but how good the soup tastes depends on what kind you get. The service is quick assembly line-style and organized overall. Remember that you can get the extra piece of bread with combos that include soup, not just with pure-soup orders (I was a bit confused about that the first time I went).
A hot dog is always the way to go when you only have a couple bucks to your name but you gotta eat.  Then pile that baby high with relish and onions to call it two meals.  This was one of the spots on my $2 plan when I was broke.  They also have orange-ade which is a great alternative to Coca-Cola (which they don't sell -- never ever, as they say).

They have many different soups, and usually a sticker over one of the selections helping you choose stating:  "Best Soup Today".  They also have the Yo-Berries, which is fruit with granola and yogurt, a huge pint-ish looking thing of it.  I am always too embarrassed to say "Yo-Berries", but I liked it the times I managed to.

Word of advice:  If they are selling the boullabaise, order it.  Here is an excerpt from my diary:

"Anyway, to take my mind off of the whole 'not getting laid' thing...  I obsessed over bouillabaisse.  Last Wednesday at Le Dog they had bouillabaisse and a sign for it boasting that at the Earle they have it on their menu for $38, but at Le Dog it's only $7.50 but it's better.  So I've been daydreaming about bouillabaisse bouillabaisse bouillabaisse (which I honestly don't know how to spell so I've been cutting and pasting it here after finding the correct spelling on google).

Today, during my fifteen minute break, I went over to Le Dog praying to the god I don't believe in for bouillabaisse, but the cute little lady behind the counter said, 'Sorry, no more bouillabaisse, that was only last week.'

ONLY LAST WEEK???

My need for desire for sex increased and was poorly bandaged with 16 oz of cajun rice."
Best salad in town, very low price.  Good deal in my book.  Poppyseed the best dressing there.  Eating in is preferable for best fresh experience.  The vegan chili, when they have it, is so good you forget it doesn't have meat.  Biggest win about intermezzo: no afternoon food coma.
Ordered an assortment of sandwiches for a small office meeting today. Service was above and beyond - Aaron helped me on the phone, called to review my faxed-in order, delivered lunch on time and called to follow up to see how we enjoyed our lunch. Food was great - just what we needed, and everyone was more than satisfied. Good menu choices, nicely sized sandwiches, fresh ingredients, exactly what we ordered - couldn't ask for anything better! We'll be repeat customers for sure!
Long live whatever this place's business name is!

I might eventually get used to saying "let's go get a 'big salad' at Cafe Mattina," but in the interim I'm going with The Cafe Formerly Known As Intermezzo. Yes, it really is exactly the same place it has been since time out of mind. Service might have even improved, since under the Intermezzo name they were notorious for leaving out various "big salad" ingredients. Would I not get my croutons? Avocado? Dressing? It was a crap shoot. Under the new name (technically there is no name at all out front), my "big salad" (technically a Chef's Salad, but what's in a name?) has not lacked a thing.
The Veggie Delight salad is to die for. Poppy Seed dressing is a must if no drug test is in your future. Just be sure to bring a friend as it's MASSIVE! Hands down one of the best salads i've had to date. 

If you're still hungry afterward, the chicken salad sandwich should fill you up - delicious fresh thick slices of bread make this meal a best.
The best salads in the bay area (the poppy seed dressing is phenomenal), for an unbelievably low price.  And they are BIG!  'Nuff said.
My boyfriend and I visited here last Thursday. I was super excited for a place where I can get fresh seafood without having to trek down to south county. I ordered the fried fish sandwich with a side of fries and coleslaw and a cup of white chowdah. The boy got the friend clam strip sandwich with fries and coleslaw. Both were pretty good.. no complaints but nothing mind blowing. Not that I expected 5 star food but to be honest... the place is a bit pricey for what it is. It cost us about $21 for everything and to me it wasnt worth it. Other than that, the place was VERY clean and the staff was super friendly. I'd come back to try their other soups.
The Triangle is a tough market for burgers. With Buns in Chapel Hill, Bull City Burger in Durham, and Chuck's in Raleigh already doing amazing things with beef, it's going to take something really special to wow me at this point.

I do like that VB brings a little local flavor in the form of fast-ish food to University Mall. The menu is posted outside the restaurant entrance, big and bold, so it's easy to see if something suits you before stepping in to order. There are about six or so featured burgers, or you can choose to build your own. I opted for the Cali which has guacamole and green chili's. It was made fresh and, as advertised, slightly pink in the center. I did dig the brioche bun. But the patty lacked a little pizzazz. It was juicy, but not as flavorful or well-constructed as some competitors. It doesn't come with a side; but the ones available ala carte are the norm (tots, fries, sweet potato fries). 

Convenient and alright should you find yourself working up an appetite while shopping. But I won't be going out of my way for it.
I would love to give this place a half-star more, just for the friendly employees, but after a long wait they gave me the worst egg salad sandwich I've ever had in my entire life.  The worst.  It quickly became inedible.  I can make a better one, and I can't cook.  It was huge, chunky and dry and gross, tasteless in most places but with odd, unexpected pockets of tartness (mustard blobs?), and I don't think there was any salt.  It tasted like a bunch of rotten hardboiled eggs diced onto plain bread, dressed up with a lettuce leaf.

But judging by the crowded interior of the restaurant, no seats available and hardly any space to move, it's quite popular.

I could tell the bread was really good, just not what was between the slices.
This is a very good place to go for a sandwich and salad. I had the roast beef which had lettuce, tomato, onion, and horseradish and it was delicious. The sandwich is $7 and you get your money's worth. The roast beef was stuffed into the french roll and piled high, plus all the ingredients tasted fresh. Freaking yum. Also includes prime Telegraph people watching if you sit near the window.
This place had me at hello.

Always a line out the door in Berkeley, I am a super fan of their Chef Salad with tofu and their Poppy Seed dressing on the side.

Large enough to have it for lunch on Day Two (and that good).

Enough said. :)
Omg.  Salads as big as a baby!  I guess they're closed now... bummer.  I drafted this review when they were still open.
An eulogy for Cafe Intermezzo.
How do I begin a review for a restaurant that was just ravaged by fire? How do I put into writing what I haven't ever done justice in words? This is a review four years in the making, driven by procrastination and the doubt of being able to put into writing the merit of this place. Now, irony and necessity drives the writing of this, as it may already be too late.

This is a gem nestled in a gritty corner of Southside, both managing to fit into the Telegraph culture and vibe, and yet still standing out above and beyond the rest. The workers inside are friendly and attentive, if a bit rushed during busy times. Seating inside is small and cozy, so many people get to-go's. Lines will often stretch out the door during peak hours, but you can always call-in ahead of time.

I feel it is almost disrespectful to try to describe in words Intermezzo's food,  as if I were armed with crayons and tasked to paint the Mona Lisa, so I will keep it simple. The food menu is unpretentious, with three sizes of salads, a variety of sandwiches, and two rotating soups. The drink menu is much more expansive, with a vast selection coffee, italian sodas, and agua frescas - earning it its first name I suppose. The sandwiches are large and filling, made with delicious fresh bread. Their unsung breakfast burrito served before 10:30am is one of the best ever made.

The star of the show is still the chef salad though, a larger-than-life force of nature. Any of the sandwich meats are available for the salad, but the marinated tofu is definitely worth a try, along with the poppyseed dressing. All salads also come with a giant slab of fresh, house-made honey wheat bread, and a slice of fruit, just for kicks. They are of course fully customizable, and to-go boxes are next to the counter so you can take your leftover masterpiece home. Of course, you can always watch them defy the laws of physics and pack the entire salad into a box - an act of magic if I've ever seen one.

Does Intermezzo have its share of faults? Sure, everything that plagues small, popular hole-in-the-walls apply to this crowded, noisy, slightly dingy co-op with an over-worked staff. Does it matter? Perhaps to some, but to others, it merely adds to the humble mystique that permeates Telegraph Ave, and pools here.

Intermezzo, you were the best of us. My heart goes out to you, and I will visit Berkeley again when you reopen.
I give this place three stars because I think Smart Alec's is way better.  I've been here a few times and I've always known this place as the place with the giant bowls of salads.  If you walked down telegraph near campus I'm sure you have seen people sitting the window with the giant brown bowls of salad.  Since I never order salad by itself, I can't say if the salad alone here is worth it.  I usually get a half sandwich half soup or half salad.  A few times they messed up my order here because I tried their roast beef sandwich and I hate horse raddish sauce and each time I asked them not to put it in and each time they did.  I already bit into the sandwich before I found out and I hate returning food I've eaten so I just ate it.  The soup was not that good I think.  It's not as thick and hearty as Smart Alec's so if you like that you might like the soups here.  It seemed watery to me.   Since I think this restaurant is comparable to Smart Alec's I'm rating it based partly on my experiences there and I think SA is way better.
After eating here over 15 years ago as an undergrad at Cal and turning my relatives into fans as well, I came back recently to relive those glorious days of yore.  I chuckled when I used to think it was impossible to be stuffed just by eating salad. 

I got the combo meal (half roast beef sandwich on honey wheat) and tossed green salad with poppy seed dressing for $5.75, and a cup of their house blend coffee for $1.50.  This was for two people.  We split the salad, which was still huge for each person and as delicious as I remembered it, and split the half sandwich which made us almost teeter on the edge.  And, this was after a quick brisk walk around the campus to check out the new buildings.

I am so happy that this institution is still around after all these years.  Although I have long outgrew the grime and grit of Telegraph Ave., I love the fact that I can still count on Intermezzo serving healthy salads and wholesome filling sandwiches.  May you still be around for many many generations to come.
we shared a veggie delight salad with poppyseed dressing.  it was huge.  with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, sprouts, garbonzo beans, kidney beans, boiled egg, avocado.  it was pretty fresh.  we shared it for lunch and still had leftover.  there is also a big slice of honey wheat bread on the side.  and a slide of watermelon. you cant choose what kind of greens you want or anything.  so its pretty simple here.

the italian soda is actually a bit too sweet.
Great food! The salad was yummy with the poppy seed dressing, avocado, eggs, and various vegis. The price to food ratio is really good too since 2 people can eat a salad and still feel full.

My only gripes are that extra dressing costs more and the tables a bit messy. Otherwise, I'm down to come back here, hopefully with a hot date to help me finish the enormous amounts of food.
My first year at Cal, I got realllly sick. We're talking lose 20 lbs in 2 months sick. During that harrowing experience, I discovered something about the area around campus -- there's almost nowhere to get good, homestyle chicken noodle soup. And as a good Jewish girl, I knew I needed some jewish penicillin (aka chicken soup) to get me back on my feet.

Fast forward 3 years later, SF Soup Company has arrived to save the day. Reasonable prices for the amount of hearty soup that you get, GREAT bread that comes for free with your purchase (and just 37 cents for another piece) and of course, awesome soups. 

The ones I've had so far-
Grandma Mary's Chicken Soup: lots of chicken, good clear broth, yummy veggies, not too salty. I just wish it didn't have dill.

Turkey Chili: mmmm. low-fat, dairy free, spicy, and GREAT in a bread bowl. Perfect to warm you up on those rainy chill you to the bone days.

Clam Chowder: I'm definitely a fan, particularly in a bread bowl or with extra bread (yay carbs!) The bacon is a nice touch, and while it's not necessarily up to par with the stuff you can get at fisherman's wharf, it's by far the best i've had in berk.

Potato Cheese and Bacon (i think that's the name): Not my all-time favorite but still good. Wish there was a little more cheese, but the bacon to potato ratio is pretty darn good.

Chicken with Sun-dried Tomato and Artichoke: LOVE it. Has a nice bite to it and next time I might just add some of those dried chili flakes that they have. It has a veggie broth, I think, so it's a nice alternative to cream-based soups and isn't quite as heavy as, say, a chili.

Matzo Ball Soup: I'm actually eating that as I write.  Got it 10 minutes before closing, but I still got plenty of chicken, veggies, and 2 matzo balls that are light and fluffy. My only complaint is the dill, but i think that's just a weird personal preference.


I guess I'm a bit of a soup fiend, having looked this over.  I just really love this place. In and out quickly, great location, friendly staff, and definitely yummy soups!
This place has a very interesting menu...but I don't stray too far from the veggie sandwiches and soups. They are good enough, but nothing too exciting. 

The employees are pretty careless when it comes to customer service. Unless you start yelling at them behind the counter to give your order  they will completely ignore you and take the next person (this has happened to me more than once.) 

I would not recommend taking food to go from there. I took a sandwich  once and they wrapped it up in this plastic wrap that made the whole thing taste like gross plastic. I ended up throwing it away and heading over to Smart Alec's down the street instead. You can never go wrong there!
i've eaten here three times: once the sandwich (berkeley special) was really good, the other two times it was bad. all three times service was about as ridiculously bad as it can get without making you want to walk out in the middle of your order. the first time, they were "out" of onions. how does a salad & sandwich shop run out of onions? the hummus is disgusting.

anyway, even if the food was consistently good, the consistently horrible service would make me stay away. i can understand maybe if the people preparing the food are surly, but what's with the counter dude?
Do you work all day, have a family to feed, and are on a budget?  Well... get yourself over to the Souplantation and pick up one of their new family meals to go.  $22.95!  Supposed to be for four, but can easily feed more.  I called in before going home and it was nicely packed when I picked up.  This is a terrific deal without going broke.  Typical Souplantation fare, but at this price -- it's goot stuff!!   Available only Monday thru Friday, but I hope they extend to the weekend.  Here's what you get:

    * Choice of Caesar Salad Asiago, Wonton Chicken Salad or a garden salad for four.
    * Cheese Pizza Focaccia for four. (Add extra toppings for $.75 each. Choose from: grilled chicken, green bell peppers, pepperoni, onions, fresh tomatoes or black olives.)
    * Choice of hot pasta or soup for four.
    * Combination of any eight muffins or breads offered.
    * Eight of our fresh, hot chocolate chip cookies.
I love this place for their sandwiches with fresh-baked bread, and their RIDICULOUSLY HUGE salads.

Downsides--standing in that horrible line around lunchtime, and trying to find parking in the area.
The foods are not bad.

The service is pretty good.

The price is expensive for the type of food they serve!

The place is STINKY! I spent 5 minutes in that place and came out smelling like I work there.
I'm seriously gutted to learn of its news. Mourning the death of anything is a process and does take a toll. My most regular go-to place for my young college years is gone and will live on in thousands of folks' hearts. 

I will miss the fun memories, the great salads/sandwiches/food/cake, and my regular table. Rest in peace. I say goodbye and appreciate you for all the comfort and  warmth you gave to me.
Anyone who knows me knows that I don't eat salad and I don't leave anything on my plate.  This is the only place you will see me eat a salad (as a main course, no less) and actually have leftovers.

I'm usually torn between the sandwich/salad combo and the chef's salad.  I love the BLTA (A stands for avocado).  Their bacon is thick and usually well-cooked (overcooked occasionally).  Their chef's salad is yummy and packed with greens, alfalfa sprouts, kidney, and garbanzo beans, an egg, avocado, croutons, and your choice of meat (ham does it for me).  Oh, and they're famous for their poppy seed dressing.  They shove all this into the poor take-out box.  When I mix it at home, all kinds of ingredients spill out of the box (which I eat, of course).

Oh, and their bread is so yummy, I can eat it straight up.  Good stuff.
Unfortunately this place has changed ownership. I've been craving a wonderful turkey sandwich so as I did my laundry down the street today I rushed over to grab lunch. 

I noticed the change of ownership sign, but hey the menu's the same. It can't be any different. Right?

Well, it was less crowded than usual. I ordered my turkey sandwich and ended up really disappointed. There were exactly 2 slices of turkey in my sandwich. That's way less than half of what they used to give. No fruit accompanied my sandwich either.

Now I don't know if this smaller sandwich was the result of the change of ownership or just the sandwich maker. But as I looked around, it appeared as if everyone who had sandwiches had pretty tiny meat servings.
After leaving Berkeley for almost 4 years, this is one of the restaurants that I miss most.  The sandwiches here were amazing, thanks to super-fresh ingredients and delicious baked bread.  The salads were huge, too.  This is probably the one of the only places where I can eat a vegetarian meal, enjoy it, be completely full, and still have more left over for dinner.  Whenever we come back to the area, I always return here.
I would totally get undressed for Dressed...(ok not really but I had to say it.)   We had their salads delivered to our place of business for the first time today and I'm positive that we'll be regular customers!  We ordered at 11:34 and they arrived on my desk at 12:38.  (I have the IM time stamp from the "OMG" message I sent my co-worker after I took my first bite.)  I made a custom salad w/ the lemon caper vinaigrette and after eating only half of it I feel totally full.  But not the I-ate-too-much-Mexican full, the wow-I-can't-believe-a-salad-filled-me-up-like-that full.  I don't have that after lunch lethargy where I'm going to fall into a grease and carb coma either so that's great.  

The base price of the salad was $6.75 and after I added everything I wanted it was $9.75 + tip so I said to myself, "Self, this better be a damn good $11 salad" and IT WAS!  Worth every penny...you couldn't spend $11 and make it on your own.  AND I get to sit in my cube ALL DAY b/c they deliver!  GEEZ can life get any better?!!  ...how's the weather outside? :(
Lobster bisque out of this world. Price was extremely reasonable. This place is a hidden Jem!
COLOSSAL
ELEPHANTINE
PRODIGIOUS
HUMONGOUS
MASSIVE
WHOPPING............................................SALADS.  

You could seriously make two meals out of the salad.  But it's not just big.  It's good too, and not that expensive.  TONS OF SPROUTS!  Delicious bread and ham and other veggies.  

Their sandwiches are decent too but I definitely go for their salads.
So the first thing you walk into are the pre made salads which I love because there are a lot of variety which you can choose from or you can even make it original and make it your own by adding toppings which there are a lot you can choose from. 
Then of course you have a variety of delicious soups, pastas, bread, and pizza. Just like any other buffet place they also have a dessert spot that has fruits, jello, ice cream, cookies, and etc.

Try to come here when its not Lunch time because this place gets Super packed with all the people who work around here. Hehe I was one of them. So avoid from 12-2pm

Yummy soups and salads. Specially good when your sick or have to be in a liquid diet due to medical reasons. Reasonable prices also.
Get the rainbow salad!!!!
It tastes great, and you get a free piece of bread, all for just $8.00.
The size of the salad is so worth it! Plus, you get to check out all the hot chicks walking down Bancroft as you sit inside munching on your food.
This is one of the places I miss the most after moving out of Berkeley.  The bread is AMAZING, and the poppy seed dressing is so good i would [and have] eaten it off of a spoon.  if you get the soup sandwich combo, it's easily two meals. I think that being tattooed, pierced, or having non-corporate hair is a criteria to getting a job here.  This is one of the few places where you will hear the staff discussing needle size in reference to tattoos while they make your grub.  You will also find punks rocking out to 50 cent's latest song while they make a sandwich to your specs.   

After writing this review, I think it's time for a special trip to Berkeley tomorrow for Intermezzo!!!!

ps - if you really like the bread, and you're not doing Atkins, ask them if you can buy some "ends".  They'll give you a bag full of the bits they can't use for sandwiches for less than a buck!!!
I AM SUCH A FAN.  

The blueberry muffins here are seriously the best I've ever had.

Joan's broccoli is to die for (imo).  But, sometimes its a little too heavy on the sauce so I like to throw in a few fresh broccoli so its not overly sweet/saucy.  

I don't know when this soup is going to come back but their ginger broth is my favorite soup.  I've only had it once but that one time I went, I ate at least 6 bowls, no lie.  

It's cheap - for dinner its $9.95 if you don't get a drink (or something like that).  If you go out for dinner at any other restaurant you're going to be paying AT LEAST $15 if you include tip, etc.  What would you rather have - a simple boring more expensive meal or the greatness that is souplantation?  The answer is obvious my friends, make the right choice.  Go to souplantation.
I have a thing for alfalfa sprouts. Cafe Intermezzo uses alfalfa sprouts in everything. I have a thing for Cafe Intermezzo. Go figure.

Cafe Intermezzo is a solid place to fulfill your salad/sandwich/soup hankering. 

Cafe Intermezzo is not cheap with their portions. My goodness -- my roast beef sandwich -- piled HIGH with roast beef. One half sandwich here is like 50 subway sandwiches.

Ok, I kid. But you get what I mean right? :)

$6.75 combo -- half sandwich (any kind on their menu) and mixed green salad. 

BEST DEAL EVER.
This is my new favorite sandwich shop!!!

Sandwiches here are made with tons of fresh veggies and tasty fillings. My friends and I tried the hummus and egg salad sandwiches. They were both absolutely delicious!! The honey wheat bread is sliced thick and is very dense. And did I tell you??? A sandwich here will cost you with tax -- $5.25! Super deal for lunch on Telegraph!
Ok....just let me tell you. 

1) I don't care that there are already 500+ reviews for this place. 
2) I have CRAVINGS for this place on a regular basis (and I'm talking about craving salad.....YES!  I said SALAD!) 
3) It made me like Berkeley more.

Ok those were my three reasons for deciding to write this review. 

I absolutely love their salads.  The poppy seed dressing is some kind of crack.  I want to break in and steal their whole stash so I can sell it on the streets.  

I've been able to come here and share a salad with a friend and walk out with so much extra cash.  $6ish for GIGANTIC salad?! Hell yes! 

Oh Cafe Intermezzo...you've made me one of your faithful followers....
It took me three visits to get my custom salad just right, but I have no one to blame but myself. Previously, I had ordered a spinach salad with blue cheese, apples, strawberries, and either chicken or steak with the blueberry pomegranate dressing, and it just wasn't great. I barely finished a third of it, and I didn't bother with leftovers. I don't know if it was the dressing, but it didn't come close to the deliciousness of the similar salad at f20.

Last week, I utilized their online ordering system, and it was very well organized and user-friendly. Like Bonnie P., I definitely prefer ordering a custom salad online rather than in a long line of people! I can't speak for their delivery since I picked up my order on my way back from work, but it was ready on time and the girl at the register was very nice and upbeat. My total bill was $10.26, but the salads are GINORMOUS and easily make for two meals. 

My mesclun mix with roasted beets, blue cheese, granny smith apples, and grilled chicken with balsamic vinaigrette was just right (they did forget the grapes, but whatev), and I'll be back! 

P.S. - The free parking in the Plaza Midtown deck is a huge plus, too.
I really really really love Le Dog.  No, not for the hot dogs.  In fact, I've been here countless times and have only seen someone order a hot dog once!  

No one goes to Le Dog for the dogs, you go for the soup.  Every day there are at least 6 to choose from with one or two vegetarian selections.  Friday is lobster bisque day, for which they're famous.  Their cream soups are fantastic, but some of the brothy soups have a tendency to be too salty for my tastes.  That's the only reason I take off one star.  Most of the soups I've had from Le Dog are completely 5 star worthy.  

This Le Dog location is basically a booth on the sidewalk.  Don't expect to eat here.  You get soup, bread or a pretzel ($.50 and $1 respectively) all in a paper bag with spoon and napkin and you haul it back to the office, or wherever you may be eating lunch.  Yes, it's only open during the lunch hour.  And they only take cash.  Hit up the TCF atm directly across the street.  No soda.  Water or lemonade (several varieties, even).  But the soup is... fantastic!

Adding to the charm are the cardboard signs or post it notes identifying the best thing they're serving today.  This allows you to just ask for the best they've got.  

Expect to pay between 6 and 7 dollars for a big hunk of bread and soup.  Don't worry.  It's worth it.
I'm giving this only a 4 since Domenico's has such better quality sandwiches and really I have seen the light.  The combo with half a sandwich and salad is the best deal since the salad is gigantor and could last 3 days if you wanted.  The one thing I miss here is the poppyseed dressing.  The thai curry chicken soup is the best and rarely on the soup menu.  Great place to get your soup, salad, or sandwich craving for the best price.  Lines can get really long so go early or later for lunch if possible.
The variability in quality and service makes me really wonder whether when I go I'll get a wonderful salad (deserving of 4 stars) or a shit salad.

Today is a case of the latter.

When the guy making your salad has to smell the alfalfa sprouts (and then decides to put them in anyway), you know it's all downhill from here. 

I'm a regular of Intermezzo--to the point where I can tell on which days they bake their bread, who in line can make you the biggest 'n best salads--but I may be a regular no more after today's salad. 

Keep these out of my salads:
(-) Nasty wad of sprouts
(-) Small brown piece of avocado
(-) Off-color pastrami
(-) Croutons when I asked for none (today they're stale, too) 

What you are known for and what I expect is a big, fresh salad that doesn't skimp on the necessary ingredients. So live up to your name and pile on heavy the fresh lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, beans, egg, and meat. I could show you a photo of the salads from when I started going here, three years ago, and a photo from today, and you might be surprised that they were even made by the same place.

Perhaps Intermezzo just had a bad day. But perhaps I'd be more forgiving if this were the first time this has happened. (Get your act together and I'd be glad to revise my review.)
This is my favorite place to eat.  The salads are so fresh and so generous you can do what I do and order one salad for you and your friend.  Meanwhile, you can eat and eat and eat and still have left over salad!  And I am a big eater!  You can feel the vitamins in your system and the jump in your step out the door. I wish I could eat there every single day.
The hot dogs are ok, but it's the soups that make this place good.  Imparticular the Lobster Bisque and the Chicken Tortilla with Zingerman's bread.  But if you want a hot dog, GO TO REDHOTS!  (When it returns to it's former glory)
This place ROCKS! No better deli I have been to - this is the best! 
Cool people, good food, great prices, parking not bad, nice location, plussss after you're done - just take a walk around town for some cool and interesting shops! 
 
1st date - go here... impress the mate that you're a healthy eater while watching your spending and you know where its located (in the interesting part of town). WIN WIN!
I've lived in PIttsburgh most of my life and have gone to the Carnegie zillions of times. I had never been to this cafe though. When you go in on of the entrances of the Museum of Art it will be in front of the large glass window facing Forbes Ave and the fountain. You can pick up sandwiches and cold foods from the cases or order hot food at the register. Their menu very pretty diverse so its good for all ages. Its cafeteria style unless you order hot. If you order hot food they bring it to the table. Meals are under $10.

My favorite item is their salmon cake with asparagus and wild rice. It was amazing! The best I ever had.
Best salad/sandwich combo in the UNIVERSE. I drive all the way to berkeley from Los Altos for this stuff. Being a conservative, clean, person, this is just about the only place in berkeley I can handle for more than like 5 minutes, and that's saying a lot. Seriously, soooooooooooo good. And freaking cheap, too. Which is good, because it costs me like $30 in gas to get there. The only lame thing is that they don't take cards. 

Ssooooo delicious my mouth is watering right now.
The soups can be hit or miss.  Good thing we have Yelp so we can share the hits :).  SO, in order of preference: 

CHEESY CHICKEN TORTILLA:  Definitely yum.  I've had and made my share of chicken tortilla soup, but this was hands down so much better.  Its the cheese.  It thickens up the soup, elevating it above those regular just-broth chicken tortilla soups.  I was quite pleased.  I slurped until the last drop.  I also like that this soup seems to be available on most days. 

LOBSTER BISQUE:  Yum.  I had this the first time I went to Le Dog.  It was comforting, light, and actually had some lobster chunks.  I recommend it.  My friend brought up a valid complaint that the lobster chunks were only the claws... but hey, I haven't seen lobster in its full form in so long that I'll take the claws!  It's only served on Thursday and Friday, so plan accordingly!

FRENCH SOUP:  Yum, but wayyy tooo salty.  The idea of eating a pretzel roll with the soup was laughable.  BUT I still liked the soup and knew that if they just tweaked this small thing.. it would be perfect.  Even though the salt was hard to overcome, I ended up finishing it while eating bites of salad in between to break up the salt... I just couldn't stop. 

CAJUN RICE:  Not yum.  I love me some good cajun.  That's... not cajun...  The rice was overcooked and mushy.  The seasoning did not have a bite to it.  I ended up dipping the cajun rice into my lobster bisque to give the rice some flavor.  No siree.  Only served on Mondays. 

ITALIAN WEDDING:  Not yum.  I so wanted this to work out.  Italian wedding is generally served on Wednesday and Thursdays, which has been hard for me to make.  So when I saw this on the menu on Friday, I jumped on the chance.  But now I know why this was left over.  It was not up to par.  I could tell the cooks tried real hard on this one... but all of their snazzy additions made the soup unbalanced and lacked flavor.  I couldn't finish it.
For just $7.50, you can get a HEAPING troughful of their delicious chef's salad with assorted greens, carrots, sprouts, garbanzo & kidney beans, avocado, boiled egg, cherry tomatoes, and your choice of deli meat. 

A few weekends ago, my college roomie and I re-lived our Cal days here by splitting this ginormous salad. (It was only a few years ago that we lived just one block from this fine establishment and frequently patronized it. Ahh, the good ol' days.) The salad easily could have been 4 meals, but in our great hunger (or gluttony...? sometimes it's hard to tell), we polished that baby off in about... 90 minutes. The ingredients were all fresh, including the slice of honey oat bread that I love but could not have. Amy kindly ate that and the slice of watermelon (both of which you get with any salad) while I went to feed the meter, thus saving me from some embarrassing public drooling.

On a Saturday afternoon at about 2 pm, there were at least 10 people in line ahead of us when we arrived (and as many when we left). Luckily, the people behind the counter work at lightning speed, and there's entertainment to be had on Telegraph while you queue up out the door. Be sure you know what you want when it's your turn or you might be met with some impatience. That said, all the salads and sandwiches on the menu are good (soups not so much, according to aforementioned roomie) so don't worry and just enjoy!
I am giving Cafe Intermezzo only 4 stars for now since I saw so many delicious salads and sandwiches I would like to try, and the price is a value.

I had the PBHB (Peanut Butter Honey Banana) sandwich and it was good - a four star sandwich to which novelty contributed. The bananas were fresh, honey plentiful, and the bread was thick and tasty.

However, once I ordered my sandwich I saw at least 5 other things within the next minute that made my mouth water. I will be back again soon.
Giant salads and sandwiches.

Vegan/Vegetarian Options.

Decent Prices.

Location is hard to park around if you're a car person.

Totally worth all the BS and waiting in line (although I never waited more than 5 minutes)

Five stars.
The salads here are tasty, and so HUGE that my girlfriend and I often split one for lunch and still end up taking some home.  There's always a line, and it's always packed, but I've somehow never had to wait for a table.
When I first moved up to the Bay Area from LA and I was staying with my friend in Berkeley, this is where she took me for lunch. This place is really awesome. It's VERY affordable, extremely delicious and the portions are very generous too. 
If I remember correctly, they do take credit cards but one time we stopped by there was a sign outside that said cash only so I guess it's good to come prepared.
I finally came here for the first time on Friday.  Every time I walk by this place, it is always packed.  Luckily when I went, there weren't many people.  I just decided to get a breakfast burrito because I wanted some breakfast food.  It was nice to be able to pick from a list of ingredients to choose to have in your burrito.  It didn't take long to get made, but it was actually pretty good.  It was really fresh.  The atmosphere is nice as well.  I look forward to coming back here and trying their sandwiches.
I've been a fan of Dressed Salads since day one. There are tons of fresh ingredients for you to make your own salad; they also have chef's choices and daily specials if you're not feeling creative. I think the price is fair for what you're getting, not to mention they pile on the ingredients; I usually have leftovers for me to snack on later in the afternoon.

A basic salad - your choice of green(s) + 4 non-premium toppings + your choice of dressing is $6.75+ tax; Proteins are $1.50 - $3.50; Soups are $2.00 - $4.00

Convenient location with free parking. Cool indoor & outdoor seating. They deliver to most locations in Midtown and some in Downtown. Lunch hour tend to get really busy, so avoid the rush if you have a flexible schedule.
Unlimited soup and salad! Yes.

So I got my salad - the weird thing is the non vegetarian ceasar salad had NO meat in it. So weird... What's in it to make it non vegetarian!? Oh well... Got my Chinese chicken salad. Yum. Went on to the other salads - Joans madness... It was not good. The brochooli tasted funny. 

Got my overload of corn, eggs, beans... Yum. 

There is a premium section for an extra $2.49 and you only go through once with soy beans and chicken... Not worth it cuz the chicken looked dry.

lunch and dinner prices here keeps going up, I remember when I was a kid and it first opened. Sigh economy

Soup... Chicken soup, tons of chicken chunks. Yes! Clam chowder is always yummy. 

Pasta ehhhh not good

Breads... Dry, too dry

Dessert
Fruit - seriously... Only oranges and honey dew!? There were NO other fruit options. Fail

Ice cream - yum

Cookies - yum!

Overall... Fruit fail.
3 STARS FOR THEIR SUNDAY BRUNCH REVIEW ONLY! (Sunday deserves 2 stars; any other time deserves 4 stars. 3 stars seems in-between) 

rushed here for sunday brunch with elle bc i wanted the custom omelet bar. nope. no such thing. i need to stop imagining things. no problem. i'll make my own breakfast burrito.  

the eggs looked like the powdered type (or the fake kind). the country gravy for the do-it-yourself breakfast burrito was watered-down and elle mistook it for clam chowder. the orange juice was watered down, and i mean reeeeally watered down, and that's coming from someone who usually adds 50% water to their OJ. and where's the oatmeal? 

PRO: salads, the usual stuff 

CON: eggs, no oatmeal, watered down gravy/OJ
This place is just awesome.  I tried their blueberry muffin for the first time today and it was pretty spectacular.  Their salads and sandwiches never let me down and I have to give this place props for solid customer service even when the place is packed.
Great soups, good prices, fast and friendly service, and a location so close to campus - you can't go wrong. Lots of people have written about the lobster bisque, so I don't need to go into that - it's amazing. All the soups are tasty and filling, and pair very well with the Zingermans' bread that they sell in half-loaves along with the soups. I'm probably getting the names wrong, but the soups I've had and enjoyed in the past - since moving to A2 in September - were the chicken tortilla, the chicken noodle, the clam chowder, and most recently, the Bavarian potato. Not counting, of course, the times I've gotten lobster bisque on Thursdays and Fridays. Not a single bad soup. 

The owner and the staff are wonderfully friendly and serve up your orders quickly. I remember one instance when my girlfriend - who was visiting from out of town - and I came across Le Dog about 25 minutes after it had closed. She loves soups and was a little disappointed that we'd come too late to try out the place (she was about two hours away from getting on a flight back home). As we stood outside sadly reading over the signs, the window suddenly popped open. It was the owner (Jules?), and he'd heard us talking! After chatting us up and finding out it was my girlfriend's last day in Ann Arbor, he served up some soup - still every bit as fresh and tasty as those served at lunchtime - and gave us two cups of lemonade on the house! Now, I'm pretty sure this was a one-time deal (don't go wandering around Le Dog at 3PM hoping that Jules will magically appear), but it just goes to show how awesome this place is.
The best sandwhich shop in Berkeley.  Huge portions, great bread, hip crowd.
Fabulous cuisine or good old turkey hot dog? Do you have six bucks or two?

This place has got a nice set of gourmet soups. The lobster bisque is consistently good, but sometimes lacks meat. Other soups range from good to out of this world. There's always at least one quality vegetarian option.

If you're poor and strolling up to this place like I often was, you can get a dog (I only ever got turkey) with or without cheese, relish, etc. for under three bucks. The yogurt parfait is always fun. BUT NO SODA, MY NEPHEW. DON'T EVEN ASK. Jules is not playing around about his soda. He's the chef making the magic in the back. Some, who remember the days when he was the only employee, might say he's reminiscent of a character on Seinfeld. Others don't know because he has hired younger, friendlier folks to deal with the rabble.
When we first entered the place, the line was super long. As I grabbed our seats in the room, my sister went to order our meal. Only after a couple of minutes, my sister came back with our order which was a huge bowl of salad.  Their serving system was simple and quick! And not only were they fast, their food was fresh and delicious. I believe I had their Veggie Delight. The portion was huge and they were very generous with the amount of kidney beans, chick peas, avocado, bean sprouts, cherry tomatoes, and lettuces (but we did pay quite a bit for it); it was enough to stuff the both of me and my sister.  The dressing was great because it wasn't too salty or too light. The wheat bread on the side was warm and soft; even better with butter. And the pineapple was so sweet! Although the place was a bit tight and filled with people, the atmosphere was great for a nice meal with my sister.
heather S. is right. it's NOT closed. how would I be able to write my 3rd update about this place?

I'm STILL in love. My love grows deeper and deeper with each lunchtime spent with you, dear intermezzo. I'm not the only one. All you other sons of guns are lucky duckys if you come in when they're serving A) Tomato Bisque or B) Cheese and Broccoli Soup. 

The End. 
- or is it? 
To  be Continued :)
This is my favorite place for a chef salad! It's around $7.00 but it can feed two maybe three people! I love it because it is loaded with stuff you get your choice of meat I get the tuna salad..then it comes with 1 egg, tomatoes, kidney & garbanzo beans, sprouts, carrots, cucumbers, croutons & 1/2 avocado! Their poppy seed dressing is absolutly delish as well! They also give you a slice of their homeade bread & a piece of pinapple! Sometimes I get serious cravings for this salad & go to berkeley just to have lunch! Yum Yum Delish!
Most people go to Souplantation to eat healthy and lose weight. Every time I go I end up packing on a few pounds. Well, there's two main reasons for this phenomenon: 

1) I absolutely love soups and salads, and Souplantation has as huge selection of "made from scratch" soups and yummy veggies that are pre-cleaned, sliced and ready to eat. They also have a variety of fresh made muffins, cornbread, and pastas. 

2) I have the Asian buffet mentality. For those of you who don't know the disease, it's when you don't feel satisfied until you eat more or at least the equivalent of what you paid. Usually this is not very hard at most buffets where you have a selection of seafood and other relatively expensive items. But if you've ever been to a grocery store you should have an idea of the going rate for lettuce, broccoli, and carrots. 

With that said, every time I got to Souplantation I always end up overeating and stuffing myself with 3 platefuls of salad and at least 5-6 soups. It definitely ruins the experience for me. However, if you're a disciplined person and don't suffer from the disease I highly recommend Souplantation!
I love this place. I could eat there everyday. It's affordable, the meals are huge and I am actually biased with their menu.

The only thing, is the service. I mean they do not hire the brightest of the bunch. They take their sweet time to prepare the stuff. They act the same way doesn't matter if there are a couple of people on the line or if the place is vomiting people. It's a little frustrating I just want to throw cold water to their sleepy, stoned, faces.  Also would it killed them to shower once in a while. I mean they are handling food for goodness sake.  Anyways, after all the complaining I guess maybe all their bacteria provides some of the secret to the food's flavor. Who knows?

The food is good that's all I wanted to say.
Let's see. How do I review a shop that is mediocre in its taste of food; is clean but characterless in its deco; has an understandable lunchtime crowd and queue; has reasonably friendly and professional staff, but is somewhat pricey for the kind of quality and quantity it provides? Should I give 3 stars or 2 stars?

2 stars. I have decided.

Let's see. My lunch (soup and salad) costs me a whopping $9.81 (and that's after the $2 discount!) and still, I wasn't impressed.   

- Split Pea Soup: You can say it's way too thick, or you can say the SF Soup Company is generous in giving away rich, thick, saucy ingredients and texture. I'd go with the former. It's too thick for me. I wish I could pour in a bit of hot water to dilute that crazy stickiness. This? Coming from the "Soup Company"? Fail. 

- Greek Salad: Massive in quantity. Taste reasonably alright. Well, it tastes like salad. Not much character. Just a big big big HUGE box of salad that would surely fulfil your daily veggie requirement. Not good, but not bad either.

Interior of the shop: There are 3 chairs for you to sit down by the glass window facing Bancroft. THREE. No more. The shop is small and stuffy. When lunch crowd comes in, it's no wonder that 99.99% of the customers take the food to-go. 

So, this is a really basic, characterless place to grab your lunch TO-GO. For that price I paid, I seriously expect something better, either in taste (important!), atmosphere, or some sort of unique character or history attached to it. Because there are SO MANY other cafes and restaurants on Bancroft, Durant and Telegraph Ave that could give you a CHEAPER lunch (by a couple of dollars), a bigger portion, much tastier food, and a nice table and chair to sit down, soak in the atmosphere and take your time to enjoy your food! 

Maybe I'm expecting too much. But I'm seriously not very happy with their just-average, no-big-deal soup. With a name like SAN FRANCISCO SOUP COMPANY, I think I should have the right to expect a tastier, at least above-the-average version of their specialty - soup.
Found a stringy black hair in my to-go salad and yes the poppyseed dressing does suck so go to Smart'sAlec's for that. Otherwise, I like having a huge salad b/c I can get all my veggie servings in one sitting. Bread was pretty good and service was decent. They were offering free drinks on friday.  Once I get over the hair thing I think i'll make this my new  fav salad stop b/c the Cheese n' Stuff inside Bear's Lair had to keep on f*cking up w/ forgetting my bread or having rude service.
Two things to describe the food- BIG SANDWICHES and BIG SALADS!  The prices are great and portions are even better. I usually get the half sandwich and half salad. The half a salad is literally the size a large everywhere else. They also bake their own bread. I suggest the honey wheat if you want to buy a loaf from them . GOOD EATS!
i love this place!!!!
first of all, I am a vegetarian, and this place is definetly vegetarian and vegan friendly. they always have a vegan soup, and their salads and sanwiches are amazing!!!
now that said, this place also has a lot of good stuff for meet eaters, they have all kinds of meat sandwiches (blts, roast beef sandwhiches, and lots of other stuff) that would make my mouth water if i ate meat (actually they do make my mouth water even though i don't eat meat)

the portion are HUGE though, which isn't a bad thing, but i suggest ordering the half sandwhich and salad, or half sandwhich and soup combo, because a half sanwhich in intermezzo language is as big as a normal sandwhich

their fresh baked honey bread is sooo good

oh and here a tip: if you really like the bread, all you have to do is ask for some of the bread ends (which in my opinion are the best part) put 25 cents in the tip jar, and the cashier will normally give you as many pieces as you like


also the marinated tofu is to die for, whether or not you eat meat, you should try it at least once!
Went to Dressed for lunch and overall, it was a good. 

Decor: I didn't hate the orange and green decor and I usually hate all things orange and green. The restaurant was super clean and the bathroom was immaculate. 

Food: I had the Cobb salad and the chicken noodle soup. Cost about $12. The small soup was really small but filling, a bit oily but good. The salad was huge and really really delicious. The flat bread was very flat, not what I expected but also good. I'd come again and maybe take a stab at creating my own custom salad.
YES, I cross the BRIDGE for this. 
WOW the bread!!! Where do they get this bread....
Yes, salad is amazing for $7, but I can find similar one in SF if I am willing to pay over $10. But the bread...omg

I usually get half sandwich with half salad for $8.75. The $4 toll to cross the bridge is now worth it.
I couldn't think of a good hook, so I'm just going to dive right in with; "Have you ever seen a salad the side of your head?"

Intermezzo is probably one of the most consistently packed restaurants I know of lining the student-accessible reaches of Telegraph ave. Lines for lunch frequently pile out the door, students assembling from far and wide to get their hands on copious amounts of lettuce. Inside, the place is dimly lit (if at all), with smooth wood flooring and tables--a typical laid back, lacquered caf environment. Aside from the monstrously sized salads, which are the trademark of this Berkeley favorite, you have yourself sandwiches, and soups-neither of which are notably good. The staple bread here is that particular brand of health-conscious, musk oxen colored (and textured) heavy, whole grain loaf that is lauded around these parts. Now, let's be honest here--no one in their right mind who isn't watching their waistline or cholesterol would prefer one of those to a delicious sourdough baguette. Heavy and dry, the bread doesn't carry the sandwiches particularly well. On the plus side, it has a hint of honey sweetness that tastes pretty damn fine with some of the heavier meats like pastrami.

The salads--well, they're salads. Like normal garden salads, with all the usual fixins, except...moreso. The croutons are overly crunchy, probably from the bag, and the produce quality is unexceptional. Don't fret, hippies--nothing's terrible, but then again, nothing's great, either. Following suit, the dressings are okay, as are their toppings...I'm partial to the turkey breast (somewhat dry), and tuna salad (pretty good, though not as creamy or celeric as I would prefer). The one exception is the chicken salad which is really...gamey. Not metallic and livery-gamey, but gamey in the I-bought-this chicken-from-Safeway-at-99-cents-a-pound sort of way. When you mix that taste together with mayonnaise and apples...oh god. Furthermore, as time passes, your bowl of salad quickly becomes mundane, as the bored raw produce starts to form a chlorophyllic, starchy paste, rescued by the occasional baby corn or soybean. Eventually, you throw in the towel and take the sucker home.

Having, I feel, thoroughly trashed a place I eat at more often than it might appear, I find it only fair to sing its praises. Firstly, the coffee is great. It really is. Doesn't matter what blend, it's always slightly oily, fruity, and perfectly pungent. Remarkable. Secondly, and I'm sure you've heard this before--it's an amazing deal. That one salad, in part because you just get so jaded by the lack of novelty of mixed greens, can go for two meals, conservatively. And it's not just the salads...their sandwiches are so well packed that it becomes almost an impossible task to get one's mouth around them, sexual innuendos abound (it is a college town favorite, after all).
 
All in all, it's a value of convenience and health sort of thing. I Intermezzo because I'm poor as balls, and each salad gives me a week's worth of vegetables so I can squander the rest of my dining experiences at Bobby G's pizza or unceremoniously heating up some beef a roni. Do not underestimate the power of fiber. This one time I was backed up after a week of heavy drinking...scoffed down a tuna salad from here, and preceded to destroy my bathroom a fortnight later. But that's for another time. I would probably steer this review more towards the two and a half star rating, were I given the option, but I'll round up. I'm a nice guy.

edit: I lied. 2 stars.
Okay, I suppose there are vegetarians out there that need to eat something besides eggplant and cheese sandwiches. This is pretty close.

Big huge salads piled high with sprouts, earthy sandwiches with healthiness in every bite.  Good place to go after you've eaten at Zachary's for a few meals in a row and feel guilty but not enough to *not eat.* You are beautiful and plumpliness is next to godliness (or so I'm told by Jared, the subway dude).
I stopped in here after a day of strolling along telegraph. The place was really dirty. All of the tables looked like they needed to be wiped down. The counter where you order and have your food prepared looked a mess. I contemplated walking out, but I was hungry and wanted something healthy.

I ordered the veggie delight salad. The salad was HUGE but it was mostly just a giant bowl of lettuce. I swear, there are about two heads of lettuce in that salad. I got blue cheese dressing on the side which was very runny and warm. I worried that it might have been sitting out too long, so I didn't really eat much. 

The rest of the salad was pretty good. I got almost an entire avocado in mine, lots of chickpeas and kidney beans, etc. 

It's a ton of salad for $6.50. I just wish the place would have been cleaner/more hygenic.
One of the better stores in the chain. They are much more efficient than my local Saladworks.
The people are pretty nice and work pretty fast which is good during the lunch rush. Best option in that little food court. Pricey, but there is a lot of salad and a yummy roll.

If you want healthy food from stamp, the coop is much better food for much cheaper prices. 

The whole chain gets 3 stars, but this store is a step up.
Great place with friendly staff! The salads here are HUGE, and their lemonade rocks. I had the Hummus sandwich, and recommend trying it if you're not in the mood for a HUGE salad. This place is cash only, and is a popular place- so expect to wait in line (it's worth it).
I've been going to this place for years. I know is sounds like a large claim but this place has the best fresh sandwiches and salads in the entire Bay Area. On top of the superior ingredients they use this place is quite inexpensive. If your ever in Berkeley this is definitely a place to snatch some grub.
I started doing the Weight Watchers program about 4 weeks ago, and SF Soup has become my go-to lunch place to keep on track. Each bowl of soup has its own specific flavor, and for those of you doing Weight Watchers, most regular bowls are between 5-7 points! Be careful with the bread, though. Grab a wheat roll if you're health-conscious instead of the sourdough. :)

I recently fell in love with their Organic Southwestern Corn Chowder. It has a mix of sweet, savory, and spicy flavoring, a perfect combination for my pallet. They add chives and green onion if you'd like, which gives it an awesome tang to every other bite. My other go-to favorite is their Tomato Bisque. So good! And only 3 points per regular bowl!

I love the place itself, though. it's directly across from Sproul Hall and Plaza, making it perfect if you're trying to grab a quick lunch near campus. A line is almost always present, but goes very quickly. They accept credit/debit cards, unlike a lot of the businesses around Berkeley.

Only downside is the lack of seating. There are about 4 chairs facing out the front window, but it's a busy part of the shop since it's where everyone gets spoons, to-go bags, and fountain drinks. My suggestion would be to bring it back to your office (or some other indoor space) or eat it outside on the Plaza.
I get one of the to-go packages.  It is such a deal as I get 3-4 meals out of it, if not more.  I have only been to one other Soup Plantation and I am not an avid all-you-can-eat bar participant, so I can't compare the Lake St. shop with others.  However, I have not seen any thing wrong with this place; the staff have been friendly enough, for having limited interaction with them, and the restaurant itself appears well-kept, so I have no qualms getting food from here.
Today was my first time going to the Souplantation and I did not know what to expect. It was very clean and friendly staff. When I first entered I thought they only had the salads than after I paid for my stuff at the register I saw that we can go on and go other things (soup, bread, ice cream & etc). The food was good, this is one of those place you would go maybe once in a while.
I had the sexiest veggie sandwich here for 5.29. At first I was not up to eating at a "Salad" joint (I hate the assumption that vegetarians only eat salad....Salad is totally wimpy! GRR). But they have hot and cold sandwichs on the menu, coffee and pastries too. And ohmygod that sandwich was BOMB. 

The reason I call this sandwich sexy is because it was not too much and I was not left wanting more... I wish I could give that sandwich a high-5 for being the most perfect lunch ever!
Posted up on a corner of an intersection, this place can be recognized  by its large open windows flung open to create an half open air restaurant. You'll first arrive at a line. There's always a line. The giant menu hangs up against the wall that allows even people who cant afford glasses to read. 

Servers are quick to take up your order and assemble the either giant portions of salads or sandwiches. These proportions should comfortably be able to satisfy ones hunger. If you take it to go, they cram the take out box stuffed with salad, enough to almost blow open. Their sandwiches should be ordered with their honey wheat bread. Their home made specialty features a moist spongy texture with an essence of honey flavor. sprouts, lettuce, tomatoes, all vegetables are fresh.

I would recommend two people to share per order. Friendly staff and a casual atmosphere. A good place for a sunny day lunch and a busy schedule. Tables are self seated and people dip right after eating. One of the well respected sandwich places in Berkeley.
tasty sandwiches and salads that i can make at my co-op.

overrated.
Souplantation has terrible soup. What the fudge?
It's like as if a place called Burger King turned out to not have the best burgers in the world-- oh, wait...


get the salad, skip the soup. 2 stars for salad.
Spent this past monday morning playing in the snow with the BF at Mount Wilson, so endless soup was the best choice on our way back down the mountain.

I love the wonton salad!  It's no fuss, already made, so that has me covered on the salad bar.

Clam chowder is always a must and the cream of mushroom soup was delicious too.  My BF tried at least 5 of the soups and enjoyed them all.  And the bread for dipping is yummy.

And then you finish off the meal with a cup of fruit and of course some low fat Dreyers ice cream to satisfy your sweet tooth.

Perfect lunch on a cold afternoon!

Oooh and be sure to sign up on the website for email offers.
Monstrous salads indeed.  I split one with my bro and we barely managed to finish it!  Very filling and nutritious (as long as you get dressing on the side) for the money, but the herb vinaigrette was rather lackluster and I found myself struggling to polish off the last of it.  The house-made honey wheat bread is delicious though - soo soft!
Clam cakes, lobster roll and chowder were all good.  I wish they had longer hours as we've tried to go back a few times but found them closed.
this and jamaican jerk pit has the best and most delicious lunch deals in this area. the soups are superb. i can't really say which one is my favorite, but the marrakesh stew i had today was absolutely awesome. the lobster bisque is pretty good but i definitely like some of the other ones better. the hot dogs are reasonably priced, but the soup really is the raison d'etre here. without a doubt the best soups in town, and a charming little place
Update from a previous review:
This is an absolutely amazing place for a great salad that is relatively healthy. For a college student, this is probably the best deal for the money that exists. For someone else, this could be a stomachache for days, considering the size of this salad. It is absolutely ENORMOUS!!!
My personal favorite is the Veggie Salad, that comes with avocado, eggs, and beans in addition to the usual vegetables. Poppy seed dressing meets the hype - it is GREAT!
However, when I tried the Chef's Salad (with roast beef), I was very disappointed. The meat was dry as a bone, and just didn't match the previous salads I had here. Furthermore, I hated the sandwich that I tried here - it was drenched in horseradish, and the meat tasted awful once again 
I would recommend the Veggie salad - it tastes great and will always be good (worthy of 5 stars, easily). However,everything else I've had here has ranged from OK to plain awful. Therefore - 3 stars.   
.
I'm giving 4 stars for the Lobster Bisque only... since that's the only thing I tried.... so, I had lunch and was walking by and they had Lobster Bisque and it was only Thursday... they now offer it for Thur and Fri... so not knowing when I be back in downtown, decided to try it... but I ended up taking it home and giving it to my brother-in-law... but I was able taste it and decided that I MUST have my own...

So, on my way to work, I stopped by with 3 minutes to spare before they closed and ordered two, yes TWO lobster bisque... I enjoy it very much... I love the rich creaminess of the soup!!  a winner in my book and something worth trying.
Lots of lettuce!!! 

You guys are a institution and I respect that.  

Two things:

1. Clean your nasty kitchen
2. Wash your hands

Kind of disgusting to eat a salad after the person has handled meat if you are a vegetarian!!!

On top of that, who cleans your kitchen??? I don't mean to bitch but I used to love you guys and could see no wrong, but the behind the bar area is disgusting. Please clean it up!

When I lived in Berkeley I ate there all the time. Now I might consider other places on Telegraph when I make my foray to the East Bay.
Come here for a delicious and fresh salad, made while you wait, with all the fixins. Order a coffee and watch while a person behind the counter scoops some beans and brews a cup just for you. Sit by the window and admire the freaky people of Berkeley. But don't order the tofu sandwich, unless you like sugar in your bean curd. 

Ben and I stopped here for a bite with our friend, Niko. There is a huge fake (?) cherry blossom tree in the middle of the cafe, which is kind of fun. We sat at the counter overlooking Telegraph Avenue and watched as students, hippies, and trust-fund street brats strolled by. 

Ben liked his pastrami, Niko enjoyed his BLT (although they forgot to put the bacon on his sandwich, so he had to go back in line for the B). I was happy that I only ordered a half sandwich with my salad, as the previously-mentioned tofu was just "not it" for me. Special note: if you walk in dressed like a bum and you wink at the counter girl, she may give you a free cup of coffee. I watched this happen as I waited for the bathroom. Oh, Berkeley!
Large portions and everything is fresh!  The lines can get kinda crazy but generally moves along pretty swiftly.  Today I had the half sandwich and salad for $7.50 and I was stuffed!  Overall great meal here and definitely worth checking out if you're in Berkelely.
I've been going here for years, mostly at the request of friends, but I finally feel like I'm starting to "get it." I like this place, but was never very fond of sandwiches. But now for some reason I am. Highly recommend the eggplant sandwich with a salad tossed w/ the poppyseed dressing. Very satisfying. I went there today and the line was moving quickly...this is a new improvement!
I love soup! Unique concept. Good food
Is this place really closed?? NOOOOO!!!

When I visited my cousin up at Berkeley a few weeks ago, one of the first restaurants she mentioned was Intermezzo...famous for their incredible, fresh salads with a price tag to match. We ended up coming here twice but actually eating it for four meals. Yes, that's how big their portions are. We ordered the Chef's Salad both times w/their lemon poppyseed dressing (I hear it's the best one), the first time with tuna salad and the second time with half chicken salad/half egg salad. Definitely stick with the tuna, although the egg salad wasn't bad either. The Chef's Salad is packed with cherry tomatoes, a hard-boiled egg, kidney beans, chick peas, avocado, alfalfa sprouts, a generous dollop of your choice of meat, and only god knows what else. HUGE. HUUUGE!!!!!! Be sure to share this beast of a salad, for you're in way over your head if you decide to tackle it on your own. And the best part? All for less than 8 bucks. 

OH!! And the fat slice of honey wheat bread the salads come with is DELICIOUS. For an extra fifty cents into the tip jar, they'll give you two even fatter slices of the end pieces.

The only downside is the crowds. The line can get pretty long and, depending on the time of day, it can be hard to find a table.
Okay, so I have a friend that was telling me about this place and how she craves their salad.  Yesterday we ate there and holy mother of god, the salad was HUGE!!  We ordered one chef salad with blue cheese dressing and tuna as the meat (you get to choose what type of meat you want on your salad).  We could barely even finish the thing.  Not only was it HUGE, it was also very good!!  The whole thing just tasted so fresh and you definitely get more than what you pay for.

They also have sandwiches there that from what I saw looked just as good and just as big.  I will definitely go back again!!
Talk about surprising, this place went above and beyond my expectations. I thought I'd been to just about every good restaurant in the area by now and after going to the Sonic Lunch concert I wandered by this place and thought I'd give it a try. I got the Lobster Bisque with the bread and everything about it was perfect. There were huge hunks of lobster in the soup and the bowl was HUGE! I definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area between 11:30-2:00. Oh, and bring CASH!
NEVER.  Really, NEVER a bad experience.  Great food and much variety.  Usually a bit packed, but if your willing to wait its absolutely worthwhile.
This is a good grab and go or eat and go place. The soups are great and they rotate every day. Whether it is the thick, creamy kind or the clear, brothy kind, they are all filling. You get your value for sure. There are two lines of soup: specialty and signature. They have soups that are vegetarian, low fat, low carb, dairy-free, and gluten-free. You get a piece of bread with your soup. They also offer sandwiches.

I like the clam chowder and turkey chili a lot. I've also tried the smoky split pea, tomato bisque, and southwest corn chowder, which are all organic. On any given day, there are always about 3 organic options.

There are 17 locations around the Bay Area so far and I'm glad there's one here.
Good fun.  You feel like a kid.  (In fact, it's a terrific place to bring kids. I would think.)  You get to pile whatever you want on your plate and come back for more, and at the end there's soft-serve icecream with sprinkles!  

However, I always go to Souplantation wanting something quick and healthy -- and come out feeling like I need to be rolled home.  So don't get the idea that this is a diet place.  In fact, for a place organized around salad, the clientele is, ahem, more the "unlimited buffet" type.  The salad bar is really delish, though, and fresh, well-stocked, and I suppose if you pick right (nix the croutons, heavy salad dressings, cheese, eggs, meat, or olives, my dears!!) you can eat fast and healthy here.  Skip the tasteless mac n cheese and the salty soups.  But do not let your new-found health kick cause you to miss out on their warm chocolate mini-muffins, topped with some soft-serve and formed into your own happy sundae world of yummy!

***update 11/07***
I don't go here any more because of the e coli outbreaks.  Twice in a short period of time means there's a systematic problem.  Convince me otherwise, cuz I do miss this occasional treat!
HUGE SALADS + fresh bread all under $7?! WIN FSHURE

However, after eating them religiously for a few months, I'm officially tired of them, though I'll definitely be coming back in a few weeks.. and maybe try more of the sandwiches along the way.

So why only 4 stars? 
-less than friendly customer service 
-horrible location
-kinda dark, messy, dirty; I wouldn't eat in there. Just order & go.
-cash only
I really liked dressed - fresh salad's delivered to my home office.   Food was always excellent.   A bit pricey to get the minimum delivery order.     But I could usually get a a meal and a half out of the order.

BUT Customer service is very lacking.   I ordered a salad and was starting to wonder where it was when they called (hour plus after my order) and they told me that my address was magically now outside their delivery area   Website said I was inside the delivery area and had been delivered to before.   They told me I had to come pick up my delivery food.   I cancelled the order.

So big fail.   If I am really outside - deliver my order anyway and then update your website.  Don't make me wait over a hour for my meal then call me and tell me go find your meal someplace else
With a near-overflowing plate of wholesomeness in front of me I just can't help but feel grateful.  Love this place.
Please, go eat here. The portions are huuuuuge and the employees are so friendly!!! I went there last weekend and ordered a half vegetarian sandwich (my FAV with cream cheese and avocado) and a bowl of their tomato bisque soup. Perfect for the foggy weather!!! Their homemade bread is my favorite part of this place; it smells AMAZIIIING!! The feel of this place is comfortable and homey, and I love the tree they have (always decorated) growing in the center of the restaurant. Long story short, my favorite place to go eat in Berkeley :D
love it here- perfect for families!
Yum! Great sandwiches, soups, and salads. Fantastic portions and not too hard on the wallet. The Berkeley special sandwich is really good (it's vegan but still so tasty!) and the thai chicken soup is great. The salad portions are OUT OF THIS WORLD massive. You could feed a family of five with one...slight exaggeration, but still. If you are in Berkeley and need a cheap, delicious lunch go here!
while the food here isn't the best or even close to it, i like that the price is reasonable and that their breakfast menu is real hearty. it's good for kids as well as adults. i don't go there too often, or at least not to this location, for lunch or dinner. but it's great for breakfast. i like thier scrambles and their griddle bar. my dad likes their muffins and fresh fruit. coffee isn't bad but sometimes it's a lil burnt. their waiters are real friendly and will do all that they can, even go out of the way, to see that you get what you need to enjoy your experience. that's what i call customer service and appreciating your customers/guests. biscuits and gravy here aren't half bad either. give it a shot. i wasn't disappointed. . . well, i was, when they took breakfast away and turned it into the usual lnch and dinner items. i wasn't done. =(
There was a time in my life-- about 12 years ago-- when I used to drive to Berkeley for the food all the way from Fremont, and later from Santa Cruz. Choices of awesome and cheap eateries on Telegraph. Cafe Intermezzo was one of them, along with Fat Slice and Tako Sushi... and another Chinese restaurant that is long gone by now. Our trips back to Berkeley are less frequent now, not only because of the driving from San Jose, but because we're busier now (with real jobs). When our plans necessitated driving to Berkeley today, we reviewed our options: Fat Slice (not as good as it used to be),Tako Sushi (really not as good as it used to be), and the other Chinese restaurant that's now gone. Well, then there's Cafe Intermezzo-- which we haven't visited in at least 5 years. 

Well, to make a long story even longer, we went today. The line was short. I ordered the salad that used to be standard for me, the Chef's salad with poppyseed dressing, but with chicken salad on top. I was pressuring my husband to get his own salad because I didn't want to share. I bullied him into getting the eggplant sandwich on foccacia bread. I didn't  wait 5 years to share my salad!! All looked up as my huge bowl of salad and his enormous sandwich were ready. We searched for a table to sit at and scored one against the wall. 

As I looked at the salad and his sandwich, I changed my mind and decided we could share (as he was suggesting) because his sandwich looked really good. Like responsible eaters, we started with the salad. Oh..... my....... god.... I had so long forgotten how amazing this place was. Everything was just as good, if not better, than I had 10 years ago. It just completely hit the mark for me. So, we were eating, and eating, and eating and we got to the bottom of the salad and we were FULL. But, what about the sandwich? We packed it up and I just finished it for dinner tonight and it, too, was amazing. For $13 altogether, this meal(s) was the best deal I've had in a long time. Fresh produce, great ingredients, and tasty flavors make for a definite 5 stars in my book. 

Now I can comfortably say that at least ONE place remains. Yes, lines are long, but it's totally understandable. I wish they would just transport another one down to SJ to keep my salad-loving tummy happy!

The BEST part about this place is the PRICES. The Chef Salad is a little over $7, but it feeds TWO hungry people. Most of the espresso bar items are under $3 for a large. Everything is cheap, cheap, cheap, just like good, ol' Berkeley always is. But, having been around the block a few times, I felt so much more appreciative of my food knowing I wasn't paying too much for my food.
VEGETARIANS BEWARE! 

So, I generally love Intermezzo and there was a point in time when I would go there almost everyday to enjoy a chef salad with their marinated tofu and poppy-seed dressing. The portions are huge as everyone says so it's really quite a good deal for a healthy meal. 

However, based upon their large percentage of vegetarian/vegan patronage, I would expect better from Intermezzo in terms of attention to detail. I ordered a breakfast burrito this morning (they've gone up in price - which was the first negative thing I noticed) and checked my standard eggs, potatoes, cheese, mushrooms, broccoli, etc. (non-meat items) onto their order form. A few minutes later, I received my order and had to rush back to work as I only had 10 more minutes to eat this thing. 

In the first bite, noticed a strange brown cylindrical piece of food, which turned out to be sausage. It was horrible! 

*If you're not vegetarian, imagine it's like you've found a cockroach in your breakfast burrito! * 

I picked it out because I was starving and thought it might have been a one-off. Then, I noticed more pieces of sausage in the burrito and realized they made a huge error. This burrito was now inedible, I lost $5, and am hungry until lunch. 

I called Intermezzo to inform them of the situation and no manager was available to take my claim or offer me a resolution. 

Intermezzo used to be one of my favorite spots for seven years and in one instance of horrid service and a horrible experience, they have turned me away. Great job. (sarcasm)
Warm and fuzzy feelings is what I think about when I am headed to this place.

On a hot or cold Bezerkelian day, soup at the San Francisco Soup Company tastes oh so excellent.

My favorite thing here is defintely the Corn Chowder :) It is so great, chunky and smooth textures in every spoonful. Now I am definitely a lil biased because I am indeed one of the children of the corn, grew up all around it. So anything with corn, I am looovin!

 The service is pretty friendly and speedy. Be sure to make it before lunch time ~noon because then you're left with all the bread nubby ends that no one wants.

Sourdough bread is pretty darn gooood! It's even better when you throw it in your corn chowder :) If I could eat this everyday, I would. 

The prices are not that cheap for an everyday meal but if you were in the mood for soup, the door here is wide open for you!
Not much to say that hasn't already been said. Huge salads stuffed with kidney beans, garbanzo beans, avocado, sprouts, sliced egg, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, croutons and greens. Their strawberry juice is excellent. Unfortunately, the staff is rude, abrasive and a bit wacky.
the thing i hate about this place is how inconsistent it is.  some days i've gone and had the best salad ever.  other days, i'll go and it'll be some new or lousy employee that will make a pathetic salad.  also, sometiems their bread slices are huge, and others they are slivers, or halves.  

one of the reasons starbucks is so successful is because of how consistent their service is, partially due to their rigid employee training and monitoring.  

intermezzo needs to get on top of its training program for new employees and not let them slack.  i have been very disapointed here a number of times now, and i will seldom return.
The best in the Berkeley salad business. 4.50 for a garden salad as big as your head is pretty good imo. Includes dense but delicious piece of bread and pineapple chunk. Makes the crossroads salad bar look like airplane food.
Where to even begin...

If you're there with a friend, order the Chef salad for like eight dollars and it will feed both of you and generate leftovers.  For real.  I'm not one of those people who will hit up a brunch place and be like "oh let's just SPLIT the croque monsieur, and maybe a side of the mixed greens," I'm more like "okay so I'll have two of the turkey sandwiches, and can I substitute fries for the side salads.  Yes, for BOTH of them," but I am utterly full and content after eating half of an Intermezzo salad.

The sandwiches are superb too, and are made with the ever-present Intermezzo bread, which is delicious and theoretically is baked on the premises.  

Finally, the coffee: they BREW IT TO ORDER and you can even choose from a variety of roasts.  I ordered a small coffee for like a dollar and received at least 20 ounces of delicious, fresh, strong coffee.  Intermezzo: it's like the 7-Eleven of lunch places, only instead of slurpees they serve artisan coffee.  And they don't sell gas, but instead natural foods.  Okay so that analogy just fell apart.
I've never been a big fan of having salad as a meal.  Intermezzo tried to mess with that thought with their giant, tasty salads with everything I'd ever want.  True, it's a little bit more expensive than your average salad, but the amount you get is unbelievable and can fill you up like you've never thought a salad could.

The salad dressing is amazing, and they somehow have the best sprouts I've ever tasted.  Too bad I'm not a huge salad fan.
Good points: Food tastes mostly good. Bread is good. You get the food quickly.

Bad points: Staff doesn't seem to take complaints seriously. They use hydrogenated peanut butter (skippy, I believe). They only sell huge portions, and you can't get half sizes of anything (unless you get half a sandwich AND half a salad). Don't accept credit cards. Service has been consistently kind of lame. As one other reviewer put it, you tell them something, and they look at you like, "so?" And there's always a line.

Boo.
Does anyone know if they are going to re-open????
I love their Chef Salad with marinated tofu!  Been going for years and still just as good.
i remember this place being much better than it is. i came back here yesterday to reminisce the good ole college days.
there was, not surprisingly, a line out the door. it's spring break, for goodness' sake! a line?! the horror.

in addition to the line, there was also a shortage of open tables. so, you do what you gotta do. one person orders, the other hovers over the tables of patrons who are done with their food but not yet ready to leave. they get the hint. ;)

i finally got the food -- a sandwich/salad combo of roast beef sandwich and poppy seed dressing salad. and while the poppyseed dressing, their speciality, is as i remembered it, nothing else was.
the bread kept breaking in little pieces - almost impossible to eat as a a sandwich. 

my friend gave up and just threw the sandwich into the salad and ate it together. another friend just started scraping his chicken salad sandwich with a fork since he gave up on eating it like a traditional sandwich.

we left so unsatisfied that we all headed over to Top Dog. happily, that was everything we remembered it to be. =)

two stars for the memory. one for reality.
BEST. SALAD. EVER. $4.75 for a huge, delicious, refreshing tossed salad with the tastiest croutons I've ever had in my life. Swear to god each crouton is infused with rainbows, unicorns, love and a whole lotta butter. They're amazing! The piece of bread that accompanies a salad is ginormous. If you're trying to be healthy then ditch the bread. At one point I was getting a salad from Intermezzo on a daily basis for a month. I had to stop myself so I don't get sick of the place. Now that I don't work in Berkeley anymore, I regret stopping. I WANT MOARRRR!
Contrary to public speculations about their closure and impending changes, I went there on Friday and the place was still very much alive and kickin'. Their menu and portions have stayed the same while the ambiance is still constituted by the typical long line out the door, chaotic ordering and payment protocols, high noise level, and huge bowls of salad at every table. 

Beyond its size and reputation, the salads are really overrated. Instead, I went for the combination of egg salad sandwich and Thai chicken soup for lunch. The sandwich was a bit overdressed by mayo and could have used more eggs and less sprouts. The soup was unnecessarily oily and needed lemongrass to add depth in order for it to be interesting. The thick slices of homemade bread and fresh watermelon juice were the highlights of my lunch. Besides the large portions and fresh bread, I just don't think this place lives up to its hype.

Unfortunately, the overwhelming amount of lettuce being toss to the ground behind the counter validates the widespread public concerns about their lack of attention to cleanliness. I'm hoping that the new ownership will put all fears to rest by improving its food and service while making the place more conducive for people to enjoy eating there and hanging out.
this is the second time i've been there. the first time was ok but the amount was overwhelming. the proportions are more than enough.

the salad dressing is a little watered down and don't taste like much but seeing how this is berkeley... people probably like that.

the sandwich, BLTA is good... loads of avocado! the soup is fantastice! mushroom and barley. however, i did ask for the thai chicken noodle soup... i'm glad i got that!
Intermezzo was THE restaurant on Telegraph. If it weren't for this spot, I wouldn't have dabbled in Vegetarianism as long as I did (ahem, about a month). The salads were monstrous mounds of ruffage, topped with bits of garden and drowned in delicious dressings. The poppyseed dressing was everything that others have said it to be; sweet yet tangy, creamy yet not too rich. The single sliced, hearty peices of bread that accompanied the salads could feed an entire family of ravenous tourists and if you were daring enough to order a sandwich, it was damn near impossible to take a bite without having to dislocate you jaw to fit it in your mouth. 

The place was a dream to every broke college student (a week's worth of salad for 6 bucks?!) and I was truly saddened to hear of its closure upon my recent visit to Berkeley. I sincerely hope the owners keep their chin up and install another Intermezzo for the next generation of students. So many of the spots along Telegraph sell pretty unhealthy, yet delicious, food and Intermezzo was a true beacon of health/quality in that town.
Been traveling alot for work and haven't been to my FAVORITE Salad restaurant in Atlanta and I went there today for lunch and it  was AWESOME as usual...

 If you haven't been to Dressed in Midtown, you are missing something!!

 Keep up the GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE!!!
I love the salads here, they are so fresh tasting, and for a bargain.  I haven't tried anything but the veggie delight since being there 4 times this month, so I'm obviously a creature of habit.  The herbal vinaigrette dressing is perfect, light, and super tasty.  The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the staff isn't the friendliest, although the last time I was there their attitudes definitely had improved.  Also, it could be a bit cleaner.  Overall, I would suggest this place to people looking for a healthy and casual restaurant.
Wow. I would love to have a place like this at home. It was everything I had hoped for in a chowder shop. I would love more time to explore the AYCE soup bar. I would gladly spend multiple visits testing everything on the menu and checking out every special.

I got the lunch special of a bowl of chowder and three clam cakes. The chowder was everything I had hoped for and more (and was better than the chowder at a pricey frou-frou restaurant right on the river). The clam cakes were chunks of clam suspended in a slightly sweet dough that reminded me strongly of beignets. This deal was delightfully affordable and I left quite full and satisfied.
Cafe Intermezzo is the bomb. A long, long time ago, when I was a starving musician in SF, my band played at Blakes on Telegraph a few times. Our bass player told me about Cafe Intermezzo and I was so impressed with the place, every time we played at Blakes, the first thing we had to do was go to Cafe Intermezzo. You can get half a sandwich on the most delicious, thick, soft, bread ever, and a huuuuge salad in one of these gigantic wooden bowls. I liked those bowls so much, I actually went to Restaurant Depot and bought some for myself! There is something really fun and Alice-in-Wonderland-ish about eating out of a bowl that's bigger than your own head.  

When you eat here, you feel like someone truly just took care of you and managed to give you not only a healthy meal (SO CHEAP!) but a super satisfying one too. True, it's usually PACKED, but I'd still give Cafe Intermezzo six stars if I could. It's a crime they don't have a place like this along the peninsula!
I don't like healthy food much, I will say first off. One of the cons being that it's more expensive. Dressed is definitely an example of that. That being said, it's worth it every once in a while. I'm picky and I like how you can pick everything here from the greens to the dressing to the add-ins. I felt for the cost it better be a pretty dang big bowl and I wasn't disappointed. I couldn't even finish it, so it was worth it.

I like how they have delivery or you can order "carry out" online so you can just run and pick it up during lunch.  I'm a happy customer and will be returning.
I agree that the poppyseed dressing is the best ever.  And a secret from an ex-Cal undergrad.... you can get their bread-ends for only a quarter each.  Or just give them a buck and they'll give you a huge bag!  Huge chuncks of their fabulous bread for only pennies!  The ends are great to use for making sandwiches and french toast at home.  Their loss, my gain.

Or, you can buy some and then pass them out to the bums on telegraph.  One time I did that, some homeless dude told me "Man does not live by bread alone."  I thought it was a pretty clever response, so I bought him a sandwich. :)
Our executive admin loves Dressed b/c the salads are good, healthy, and ordering from them is very easy. She always orders from them for our lunch meetings. I've never been to the actual restaurant so this review is based on just the food.

Let me first say their salads are HUGE. You should either share the salad with another person, or count on having enough leftovers to make another meal ... but leftover salad is pretty gross. Except if you get spinach for your greens:  I was able to make a pretty good stir fry :) 

I've had two salads, both custom. Custom salads start at $6.75 which includes the greens, 4 toppings, and dressing. Add another couple dollars if you want meat. My first salad had spinach, green peas, roasted red peppers, grilled asparagus, and grilled chicken - with pesto vinaigrette. My second salad had spinach, sweet corn, roasted red peppers, grilled asparagus, and grilled chicken - with Dijon wasabi ginger vinaigrette. I loved both salads - everything tasted very fresh, and I esp. loved the dressings. Next time I want to try their blueberry pomegranate vinaigrette. 

The only thing I didn't like was their "flatbread" - it looks like bread that's been completely squashed. Seriously it's thinner than a pancake and tastes gross. They need to come up with a better looking bread. 

This place is definitely better than some of the other salad restaurants I've been to.
Update 11/6/07:
My love affair with Intermezzo is officially over. I don't think I  can ever return. This place is dirty dirty dirty and should be paid a visit by the health department. I've seen mice now, twice. Once on the counter where they were preparing food. A customer mentioned it to the person behind the counter, who just shrugged and kept making a sandwich.  This past Friday, I was in the area, so I called ahead and ordered a salad. I picked it up and carried it back to lab, totes looking forward to the tasty treat. However, when I opened it up, both the dressing and the beans were rancid and inedible. GROSS! Sorry Intermezzo, but it will be a long time until I'm back. 


Orignial Post:
So Intermezzo is another place I have a bipolar-love-hate relationship with. 

I'll start with the bad. 
The place is pretty dirty. One time, I saw a mouse. The friend I was with just told me to close my eyes and focus on salad. 
The people that work there are huge stoners. One time it took an hour to get from the door to the counter (usually it's never that long). The guy behind the counter when I was ordering was making one of their delicious PBHB (peanut butter, honey, banana) sandwiches. He had a knifefull of peanut butter in one hand and a banana in the other. He stops what he's doing and looks at the banana, then the peanut butter, and then back to the banana. Then a foggy little light bulb pops up over his stoned little head, and he covers the banana in the peanut butter and takes a huge bite. I think that's why it took an hour to get a salad. 

All of that being said, I still go back at least a couple of times a month, and occasionally wait an hour for a salad. Nowhere else are you going to get a ridiculously proportioned mound of lettuce, veggies, avocado, turkey, egg, and two kinds of beans for $6.35. It's like crack. I keep going back. In fact, I ate an entire chef salad last night. It was at home with the roomies, and took 1.5 hours. I'm not proud of it, but it's just that good.
Opening day!  It seems a bit confusing at first and the array of salad toppings is a bit dizzying, but it's a fun place overall.  The lunch rush was a bit slow and hectic, but I'm sure they're just getting into the groove. I had the Turkey Club Wrap, then spoiled myself by getting the Baked Sweet Potato Fries as well.  My wrap was put together right in front of me. Tasty!  Unfortunately, the fries were lukewarm, soggy little blobs. Even the Chipotle Ranch I chose as my dipping sauce couldn't save them. Happily, when I approached the cashier girl, she seemed to already be aware of the issue and immediately offered to get me new ones. She also told the kitchen staff to up the crisp- factor. They can't improve if you don't speak up right?  Customer feedback and great customer service to receive it!  The fries were also much better the second time around.  They were piping hot, crisp, and delicious! I also appreciated that the lady I took to be the owner was walking around to greet and check on everyone.  

They'll need to work on the speed issue, but at least all the employees were chipper and apologized to everyone for the wait. The salads looked delicious (and ginormous in those big silver bowls!) so those are next on my to-try list!
When I want to eat a pound of lettuce after waiting in line for 45 mins, I come to intermezzo.  The salads are pretty good, but given the rat problem that whole side of telegraph has ( from blondies down) it's definitely not worth the wait
this place is great for lunch. smack in the middle of telegraph with all the dirty hippies and spacey homeless peeps, so don't eat in the window unless you plan on giving your leftovers to the guy outside. it's just too mean otherwise. (if you don't have any leftovers then you need to learn portion control.)

the highlights:
HUGE salads. no one should eat that many veggies in one sitting. 
delicious homemade bread. just like your mom never learned how to make. 
i'm a fan of the chicken salad, but everything is good here. fresh, simple and good for you. yay for that.
Fantastic, hearty sandwiches. Chicken salad on whole wheat with avocado...mmmmmm.... And a glass of cantaloupe juice too.
Great sandwiches, huge salads, both of which are easily 2 meals worth for a great value. The eggplant al amour is a favorite, as well as the BLTA. I get mine on foccacia or the rosemary roll, bring it home, and toast it to melt the cheese (on the eggplant one). I've had their marinated tofu sandwich as well (not as fond of it), their turkey sandwich (without mayo, lots of meat), and salad (very tasty and filling). Everything is made in front of you, and the workers are eclectic and fun (though occasionally you'd get one who wraps the sandwich with the pineapple slice directly on top of the bread). 

The decor is funky and very berkeley-esque, the lines are usually out of the door (but service is quick), and the music is so loud that it's hard to hold a conversation. Get the food to go and have a picnic on memorial glade, or just eat it during your next lecture to keep from falling asleep.
Did you know that you can get 50% off on saturday and sunday if you pay using your Cal 1 student ID card? (September 2011 only)

This deal definitely encourages me to go here on weekends.

Normally, soups run $4-5 for the 12 oz. size and around $6 for the 16 oz. size. Salads are $7-8. With either option, you can get a free hunk of sourdough bread or a bread roll.

With the 50% september weekend discount, it's one of the best deals near campus I think!

However, without the discount, I'd rather eat a pre-prepared salad from Trader Joes for $4. TJ's salads have better ingredients/toppings, albeit they're a 2/3rds the size of SF soup company.
Oh, what I wouldn't give to chomp on a BLTA from intermezzo right now...yummy.  Usually I get the half- sandwich half soup deal for myself since the salad that would come is huge and I never eat it all.  That sais - if you make it a point to eat it the next day - it comes in very useful (just leave the dressing on the side so it doesn't get all soggy).

Tomato bisque is my favorite and they have a mean chilli.  For salad - when they have the poppyseed dressing I always get that - its amazing.  And besides the BLTA I also like getting the ham sandwich.    

I seriously wonder sometimes if anyone gets the peanut butter and jelly - which seems like it might be a bit ridiculous on such huge, honkin pieces of bread.

Also - they have a great deal on lattes and coffee.  I used to come in every morning before class and get a huge soy latte for only $2.  Suck on THAT Fivebucks!
I'm really sympathetic with Intermezzo's vibe and service, but I would not give them more than three stars. Though, I admit I'm having lunch or dinner there at least 5 times a week, so maybe going there too much biases me. 

I like their salad+sandwhich combo and usually go for that one. My favourite sandwhich is Italian Salami, and I love the poppyseed dressing on my salad. I think I've never been able to finish both the sandwhich and the whole salad, since portions are more than huge. I sometimes get the soup condo, especially when they have the lentil soups or the hungarian bean one.

Also, I have sometimes got their apple pie too, which is quite good, although I would probably add something to make it slightly less dry, like some vanilla sauce or custard. 

Service is very quick and the to-go option is probably the best one in the telegraph area.
This place is great on a cold day. I just don't understand their prices though. Fundamentally it's a soup kitchen, except you have to pay. Sure, you have a choice of soup and a choice between breads but...in the end you get a cup of soup and a hunk of sourdough. But you're not homeless, and I suppose the food quality must be better (right??/), so it costs you six bucks.

That hasn't stopped me from coming though. They have a rotating menu of special soups. I got a big cup beef barley on a freezing cold day, I don't think you could do any better. College students have disposable income anyway, right?
I noticed they raised their prices ~$0.50 as of last week, but they might have been under-charging before compared to their closest competitor Smart Alec's. I usually get the half-salad/half-sandwich combo and it's giant. I go here when I want something filling and healthy. To be honest, I usually don't come here because I anticipate a long line, and they are quite slow about making each salad/sandwich so each person is at least one minute. I only come if I I'm eating at an odd time (ie, before 11 am for lunch or before 5pm for dinner).
Are you people kidding me?

Soup and agua fresca?  You're in the wrong place.

The parking is bad? This is Berkeley.

The busboys don't clear the plates fast enough? This is Berkeley.

And Yelp should really include some kind of link from the "Cafe Mattina" page... I am going to Berkeley later today and had to get CPR from the shock at seeing that "CLOSED" listed on that site... how about "NAME CHANGE"?
Just got back from Dressed and eating my salad with my dog Braun.  Braun is a huge fan of vegetables and with the way he's been chomping on my salad, I am sure he gives it 2 paws up!

Dressed is a cute little salad place.  They have tons of options and its easy to overspend and over-fat your supposedly healthy eats.  This has been the first time I spent less than $10.00!  The trick...create your own salad, don't add any meat, grab a soup (for the protein) and a cookie or rice crispy treat or smore's bar and wa-lah...an inexpensive and healthy meal!  Mmmm...of course I ate that smore's bar on my way home.

Today's salad choice for me was baby spinach, snap peas, red peppers, mandarin oranges and white cheddar!  My favorite salad dressing is the Blueberry Pomegranate Vinaigrette.  So you pretty much have a sweet, salty, crunchy salad concoction...or what I like to call crun-shweet-alty!   Definitely recommend to anyone that is having a salad craving!
Well-spent money for a good bargain on a meal.  One of a favorites of my friends, I can see why this place is well-liked.  Friendly and patient staff as the menu offers many combo options--Half soup, half salad? Half salad, half sandwich? Half soup, half sandwich? Then you have to look at all 3 categories to see which combo option fits your palate best.  See?  Quite time consuming.

I opted for half salad and half soup.  The salad was the classic one but I added avocado for $0.70 extra, and I had the thai chicken soup.  Even for a half salad, the size would be a full one I see in many restaurants.  And when I look around, I saw that the full salad is humongous!  That is like 3 salads in one!  The salad was fresh, and the thai soup was tasty too.  With a bottomless size of strawberry lemonade, that meal was less than $10.  Score!

I can eat there practically every day if there is a Cafe Intermezzo near me (I only give this place 4 stars since I've only been there once).
I've been here twice and I'm a little iffy about coming here again. Well at least coming here again by myself.

My first time coming here was with a friend and we had a quick meal. We came at around 12:10-ish. The place wasn't super super busy but it was decent. The food was decent. Unfortunately the noodles in the chicken noodle soup were mushy and stuck together, yuck. Clam chowder was good. We didn't have enough time to grab anything else before we left.

My second time here was..meh. I came here at 11:10 AM. There weren't many people (I was expecting that) but what I wasn't expecting was the cashier lady to talk to some person for the longest time while I patiently waited with my salad! And when she was charging me, she was so rude. I wanted to drink tea that day so it was an additional $2 something for fountain drinks. I told her that and she didn't even bother handing me a cup. Rude to the max. And she pretty much tossed my receipt at me too. Ugh. Anyways, so I was eating and I noticed that I was probably the only table that wasn't getting its empty plates cleared. I even stacked my empty salad plate, two small plates, and two soup bowls on top of each other, hoping to catch someone's attention, but it was all in vain. I received zero service so they got zero tip. What bugged me was that I did see some guy clearing everyone else's plate in the area except for mine. I don't know if he intentionally skipped me or he forgot but whatever.

Boo.
This place is so freakin FRESH, DELICIOUS, and HEARTY!!!!!!! Quality and quanitity. I always get the combo for $7.50. You get 2 meals out of this.  You get a huge fresh delicious salad with the works and a hearty deli sandwich. (I recommend the turkey or pastrami on ciabatta)

I AM NOT KIDDING YOU..... FRESH FRESH FRESH FRESH FRESH!!!! QUALITY QUALITY QUALITY QUALITY!!!!! QUANTITY QUANTITY QUANTITY!!!!! and so affordable! sOOOOOOOOOOO good!...... I'm hungry
A faucet, lettuce and a tomato were in a race...what happened
The faucet was running, the lettuce was ahead, and the tomato was trying to ketchup! Ha. 

Yes, my salad jokes are pretty rotten, but the salads at Cafe Intermezzo are fresh, ginormous and amazing! I am surprised the Chef Salad hasn't been labeled a Berkeley Landmark. The salad could seriously feed a small family. My Chef salad was slathered with everything from the garden, along with a thick cushy slice of wheat bread. Go ahead and check out the pic! But, grab a napkin first or your going to make a mess alllll over yourself!!

The dude making my salad told me he was getting bored with the same damn order over and over again. He asked me if I wanted to switch it up a bit and add half turkey/ half hummus instead of my usual turkey only.  Of course, being the little adventure seeker I am, I looked him right in the eye and said, "Yes, Sir!", and saluted this suggestive salad soldier.  I have to note, every time I say, "Sir." or "Yes, Sir," I  get a compelling urge to salute. Must have been my regrettable past life in 'Nam. 

My friend and I were lucky to have come at a perfect time finding two comfy seats. Most times, I am standing elbow to elbow, with my ass in a lucky table holder's face, attempting to juggle my purse, shopping bags, iced tea, and attempting to prevent my salad from being tossed.

Luckily, the Chef Salads here are consistently perfect, the line always moves swiftly, and my salad has never been tossed.


Go to Cafe Intermezzo, the only time you will feel fat and guilty, after eating a salad!
This place is HORRIBLE (which is sad, because it used to be a star on Telegraph AVE!!!)

I used to love coming here. The salads were great, and the poppy seed dressing on the side has always been my favorite.  This was a place that could put a salad together rather consistently well.

THIS is no longer the case.  I have to say that the behind the counter staff are crusty barbarians.  Rude attitude by this one crusty girl behind the counter was a shocker.  I asked for a salad to go... and a sandwich (with very clear, polite  and deliberate directions about holding the mayo).  She first made the salad and flung it at me... I let it go, because I understand that the joint can get busy (although there were only 3 others in line).  But she then proceeded to put mayo on a veggie sandwich... when i was crystal clear... I had to stop her dead in her tracks... if she was going to be rude, at least she could have been right on the spot on getting orders right efficiently.  But rudeness, half asked work, and attitude.... forget about it.  This campus favorite... is one place I will never visit and am encouraging others to do the same.  

And to add to the madness... BUGS in their salads!  Horrible!!!!
I don't what it is about this place and their bread, but the crusts are huge! Anyways, I had the chicken salad sandwich with tomato bisque soup. The soup was good, but the sandwich had shredded lettuce, which is the most annoying thing to eat. I don't understand the watermelon slices with my food. I also had a strawberry lemonade, which was delicious, but they put in too much ice and not enough of the drink. Also, I had a latte, and it was horrible tasting. The salads are ginormous. The tables for two are also really tables for one. It's also very popular and busy during lunch.
Mmmm. What's the best soup you can get in Ann Arbor on a cold blistery day? You got it, Le Dog.

I was a little skeptical of this place at first. I mean, c'mon, it's this little red stand on the side of Liberty Street, with a dog on the sign. It didn't even LOOK like a place I wanted to go into. Yet, my brother raved about the soup there, so my friend and I decided to give it a try.

The first time I tried to go here, I was a little stumped about the hours. Seriously, only open for 3-4 hours of the day? How do you even stay in business?? In between classes one day, I finally made it to this stop.

It was a Friday and of course, I had to try the classic: lobster bisque. My friend and I split one (it was pretty large) with a big hunk of bread and ducked into a building to eat it. Oh man, it was perfect for the cold day. Rich, warm, creamy, satisfying. And it actually had STUFF in it. (I always hate it when soups never have substance to them). I did think though, it was a tad too salty? (the second time I tried it, I thought the same), so having a hunk of bread to dip in it, is highly recommended.

I later tried the tortilla soup which was good as well, but honestly, I would just go back for the lobster bisque. Who knew, this little red shack had such amazing soup. Mmm. I don't want to try the hot dogs; I'm happy with the soup.
My favorite lunch place of all time.  The half sandwich/salad combo is the go-to.  Cheap, healthy, filling, tasty.  The only draw back is that the line can get pretty ridiculous.
Coming here is almost always a pain in the bum. Let's face it... it's constantly crowded, the line snaking out the door, with table vultures in full swing anytime within six hours of "regular" mealtimes. The population of Telegraph Ave, while not Intermezzo's fault in the slightest, is comprised of some combination of knife-wielding punks, chemically altered persons seeking financial contributions, and those who have been protesting whatever by not showering since the '60s. Finding a bathroom around here generally involves threatening a cashier with immediate floor puddles until you are given the key and a map to the secret underground bunker somewhere in Albany that houses their facilities. You're then reluctant to go because you'd have to give up the parking space you fought so hard to get.

And yet, I keep willingly braving all this just to eat here again.

If only I knew what they put into their salads and dressings, or the dreamy sunflower bread, that made it all so otherworldly. Since they do get such high turnover by feeding the entire UCB student body of 1.7 million on a daily basis, their ingredients don't really get a chance to lose their freshness. And they liberally apply sprouts EVERYWHERE, which is always a good thing.

Perhaps there are ground-up bits of freshmen inside for added tenderness. Whatever their secret, they keep doing it well, and I'll happily keep coming back whenever possible to elbow off the mohawked punks clad in purple spandex.

Favorite dish:
- half a huge turkey sandwich and an allegedly "small" salad with poppyseed or bleu cheese dressing, either of which would be more than welcome in a ten-gallon drum
- depth charge -- like an Americano, only with coffee in place of the water. :-D
The food here is California sandwich, soup and salad fare. The servings are very generous and the tastes are fresh and endearing. Personally, I think they over-due some of the sandwiches sometimes but in general this is a place to stopby for lunch every one in a while. The prices are good, the service is fast, and the location is nearby lots of stuff to do.
Great deal in Berkeley - for salad and sandwiches.  The portions are so huge.  I usually go for the 1/2 sandwich 1/2 salad which is more than plently for more.  It's a great bargin when you are on a student's budget for healthy food.  

I really enjoy the chicken salad (sandwich) there.  Beware, it is super crowded during the lunch and dinner rush.
Always enjoyed going to Souplantation! You think the food is healthy? Yes, it can be but that would depend on your choices! With a very reasonable price for both lunch and dinner, you can't go wrong with this place. Hey, its AYCE! The selections are pretty varied. Of course you have the soups which is the namesake of the restaurant, comes in different choices- my favorite being the creamy clam chowder and the chicken soup. There are 3 types of salads to choose from and a host of other condiments to include in it. The breads include focaccia, pizza, parmesan flat bread, various muffins, etc. The pasta comes in 3 types- elbow mac and cheese, linguini alfredo and penne marinara. The desserts include a soft serve ice cream, lava cake and a host of other items i cannot remember. Every time I come here, I always try to resist the temptation of the un-healthy choices but end up giving in! For instance for my dessert I always try to check out the fruit section first but then end up getting fruit topped with ice cream!  HA! I try to sample everything in moderation and not deny myself of the taste. Thanks, Souplantation for being in my neighborhood!
Back in college days, every time I had nightmares of gaining 5,000 pounds from chugging so much beer, I'd come to Intermezzo hopeing that these salads (which come in the size of my head, literally) would be my best remedy.  My must-have here is the turkey salad, which is not only yummy but comes with all sorts of healthy greens.  I really miss going to this place, wish there was one here in the city.
BIG AND CHEAP! Just how I like em!

Honey wheat bread is soft and sweet and delish. Salads, even the half/side ones, are HUUUGE. Poppyseed dressing is damn good too!

I hate beans and even though their chili is super thick and basically all beans, it's really good!
Feeling a bit under the weather, soup sounded soothing to my throat.  And it definitely hit the spot.  Finally tried the Mexican chicken tortilla soup!  It was creamy and flavorful and as delicious as everybody described it.  And now holds the title for my favorite soup from SF Soup Company.
It was funny that back in the day, don't know about now, they would have "ethnic" soups. Posole, Menudo, etc... It was weird to see that at a goddamn Souplantation. 

I probably had just 1 soup, the thought of busting a "gaffle" move on soups would have been too much. It was already bad enough that they were serving "American" style Mexican food. 

When the food poisoning of 2007 in Lake Forest, and Pasadena hit, I was like, "peace out". 

There's nothing cool about this place, the novelty wore off long ago.
Okay, I love the food here, but it is getting to the point where the poor cleanliness is making it so that I can't handle eating here. Fellow customers, please bus your dishes so I don't have to clean them up, thanks!
Frost stirs among the crackled leaves of Autumn's last gasp.  Damp wanderings weigh heavily upon the hardened heart.  We all have the capacity to be a great people, we only lack the light to show the way.  When cynicism and world-weariness dash one's inspiration, a steaming, hearty beacon of soup illuminates the path.  When tempest-tossed souls arrive at the golden gate, who will lift her lamp to gather the huddled masses?  San Francisco Soup Company.  

To put it another way:  remember the delightful Pixar movie Ratatouille?  There's an emotionally gripping scene where the evil food critic Anton Ego tastes the titular dish and flashbacks to his childhood.  A poor boy with a broken bicycle, on the verge of tears, cheers up thanks to his mother's ratatouille and, more importantly, the love she infuses into the humble meal.  Now, Americans can hardly relate to the soulfulness of the French stew, but I suspect most of us CAN relate to a piping hot bowl of chicken noodle soup when we were sick, or perhaps tomato soup instead?  A little bit of nourishment for the ailments of both the body and, I daresay, the soul?

Well, let's just say I had an Anton Ego moment while eating San Francisco Soup Company soup.
If you live in Berkeley and have never tried this place, shame on you. Huge portions. The Chef Salad is always a win. Although I'm a carnivore, I would order myself another Vegan Berkeley Special any day, it's that good. Line can get pretty long during the rush hours, but it moves fast.
Ya want a cheap salad meal  Go to Picadilly or Doc Greens. you want soemthing amazing, fresh, different, well crafted and unique. .come Sit inside ( way cool new york city rip off decor) or out front and watch the city go by. CHEAP NO.. GOOD YES.. you get what ya pay for sometimes..
I love Intermezzo!  It was the first restaurant that I ate at Berkeley and is still one of my favorites.  They serve salads and sandwiches mostly, and you have the option of doing half and half.  They also serve soups, which are...okay.  But the salads and sandwiches are great!  Awesomely large and affordable, they're filled with a bunch of delectable ingredients and results in an afterglow of "Damn, I ate well."  

Plus the people who come here are generally agreeable, the staff are cool, and the atmosphere is pleasant.  

Oh, but make sure to bring cash.  It's cash-only.
I am FAR from a salad kind of girl, but theirs is to die for. Their homemade wheat bread is super tasty, and their BLTA is heaven in between two slices of clouds.
Upset stomach central. I've only been here once, and my stomach apparently didn't agree with my choice. I know a lot of people love this place, but I prefer food that sits well with my stomach. I've heard their cookies are delightful, but I've never had it.
If you need a good healthly meal (to cleanse the system) this is the place to go! Good food, large portions, cheap, and fast! What more could you want?
Cafe Intermezzo...

enormous salad
specialty coffee with cream
sandwich was big too.

BIG big bigg stuff here, i went in with a lady friend we split the the salad and sandwich, i like coffee so i went that route, all under 15 dollars, and a good day to you sir.
Among my friends Cafe Intermezzo is simply "The Salad Place."  That pretty much sums it up - giant salads for a very reasonable price.  If I have one nitpick with the place it's that the staff there aren't always at their most professional: sometimes even when there's a line out the door it seems like there's a fair amount of screwing around that goes on, and sometimes they're a little less understanding of Intermezzo newbies than they could be.  Really, though, do you expect much different from a place staffed by hippies and college students?

Overall it's a great place for a lot of reasonably priced food.
Oh my god, the salads at Intermezzo are out of this world!   Their bread's good, but I promise you, grab a salad here and you will not be disappointed!

This coming from a guy who can often be overheard saying:  "Honey, there's something wrong with my food.   There's some green colored stuff in there.  The red here's the meat, the white's the yellow's the mac n' cheese.  What's that green stuff there?"

Let's just say I'm not a salad junky, but if I were to start freebasing salad, Intermezzo would probably drive me to it!
Intermezzo is one of the only spots to go for huge portions of salads.

--------
Food: Out of four possible stars: four stars.

Amazing salads with avocado, beans, sprouts, cucumber, you name it. On cold rainy days I particularly liked the salad with a cup of vegetarian chili for the warmth. Where else can you go to get full and eat healthy at the same time?

--------
Miscellaneous: Out of one possible star: zero stars.

Service is generally good, but they have a certain "this is how we do things, so deal with it" attitude. It is a common attitude in Berkeley, but that does not mean you should adopt it. For example, they will not listen when you ask to leave something out of a salad. When you bring it up a second time, there is a hint of attitude.

I don't really mind it, since I can eat pretty much anything. It has been a problem with friends who can't have certain items in the salads, though.
I've been craving a big, fat salad lately, which made me think of Intermezzo. The biggest salads you will ever see in your life; bigger than your head. Each salad could probably feed a family of four for a week. And they are delicious to boot! 

They bake their bread on site, and it's always warm and delicious - the perfect accoutrement to the ginormous bowl of salad-y goodness you are about to consume.

Five stars for the food, but minus one star for consistent rumours of infestations and crowdedness.
I'm a huge fan - the variety of veggies/toppings is just what you'd expect from a a modern salad bar in midtown suites, with the decor to match. Everything is crisp, and you get killer flavor from all the dressings.

The first time we went was an off time, so we were the only people ordering. The couple of guys there were extremely helpful and, highlighting some awesome combinations to match different kinds of ingredients we were craving in a knowledgeable way.

You can end up spending a lot here, but you really don't need to - the salad you get is huge, easily splittable. 

Oh, and the frequent-visit system is computerized, so you don't have to carry around a punch card. WAY more businesses need to jump on THAT boat. 

Also, they'll send someone via moped to deliver upon request. I'll have to try that sometime.
Great healthy buffet spot! Great selection of vegetables, soups and nuts. I like the concept of having a healthy buffet.
First of all, I was confused as to what i was looking for since I heard it was called Mattinas but then it was Intermezzos again? I'm not sure. Anyway, found it and also found a looooooonnnnnngggg line. As you can tell by the other reviews, they have really really big salads. One  salad can feed two people...maybe even three. The bf and I shared a turkey salad with poppyseed dressing and had it to go since it was so packed inside. However, right as we finished paying, we found a spot! Scoooree.

The salad is PACKED with lettuce, chickpeaas, kidney beans, avocado, egg, croutons etc etc. Definitely a good deal for 7ish bucks. Anyway, the people preparing your salad seems to be a bit...frazzled? I feel like theyre just thrwoing everything everywhere, wasting a lot of food and sometimes disappearing somewhere and showing up with your food packaged neatly in a plastic box secured tightly with LOTS of saran wrap. I was also expecting turkey breast meat, but this is more like sandwich/luncheon meat type. I don't really mind it at all, but just not really what I was expecting. 

When I started eating it, I felt like I was playing a game of jenga...strategically planning on which crouton or bean to eat so I dont let the whole salad fall over. It wasnt really tossed, so we were basically eating one ingredient at a time. First croutons, then lettuce, then more lettuce, then the avocado, then more lettuce, lettuce, beans, egg, lettuce, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, lettuce, ah! an escaped crouton!, lettuce, lettuce. Don't take the saran wrap all the way off, it doubles as a safety net for your fallen goodies, :D

Poppyseed dressing..awesommmeee. But you know what's better? the friggin BREAD. oh. my. gah! SO GOOD. If i had known the bread was so delicious, I would have gotten an extra order. So soft, so sweet, so yummmyy. On our way out, I saw someone order a whole loaf of the bread! Will do so next time! 

I'll come back for cheap eats and yummy bread!
When I first went here I thought the Chicken Salad sandwich was amazing! Still being a fan of it, I went back there a couple more times and it was good.

RECENTLY, Intermezzo has gotten messy in the way they package their sandwiches. They forget fruit, the sandwich is more watery and messy, they carelessly wrap the sandwiches so the plastic has the contents of your sandwich leaking all over it.

Each time I go there I hope for the same sandwich that I got my first time, but for the last 3 times I've been VERY disappointed.
If you LOVE salads... then this is the place to go!!! The salads are HUGE!!! The prices can not be beat and one salad could be two meals! Love this place! EnJoy!
I will greatly miss this Berkeley food landmark, known to my circle of friends as the "salad spot in Berkeley".  Please come back from the ashes.  

There's nowhere else I'd rather go than to Cafe Intermezzo to help relieve my salad cravings. Yeah, the salads are ridiculously huge, so much that your jaws ache from all the chewing, but it's so delicious you gotta have another bite. Oh, and when you ask for bacon, they give it to you by the pound.

  Please come back. I need you, Berkeley needs you.... The country needs you!!!
I'm  a huge fan of this place and like to go when I'm in the Berkeley area. We usually get the chef's salad w deli meat and share it since it comes with avocado and eggs among the other salad fixins. We always get the poppy seed dressing which I have never been able to find as good as here. Just tried the pineapple "agua fresca" style juice and it's yummy! Has a lot of actual pineapple bits in it that add to the flavor
Sandwiches and Salads Bigger Than Your Head: The vases are glued to the tables, but this place is packed and rightly so--you get a LOT of food, regardless of what you order, for the money. A Berkeley must-see when you visit.
I lived right off Telegraph for two years during my Berkeley days and Intermezzo fed me well while I pretended to study so my parents continued to pay my tuition.  I sometimes wake up drooling thinking about my favorite eggplant sandwich (on your choice of freshly baked bread, red bell peppers, and one of their flavorful vinaigrettes) with a side (should be called HUGE) salad. 

I miss the smell of Telegraph!  Really.  My favorite Berkeley memory is walking towards Intermezzo and watching this bum pee in an empty milk gallon container.  He looked up and said, "Sweetie, are you thirsty?"  Couldn't have asked for a better amuse bouche.
SF Soup Company is a staple for Cal students' lunch. Like Smart Alec's and Cafe Intermezzo (RIP), it is a soup and salad place, each having their own flavor and styles. The difference between SF Soup and others is that this place is a chain, and definitely feels like one too. With Jamba Juice and Yogurtland adjacent, American Apparel, Subway, Walgreens, and Chipotle so nearby it wouldn't surprise me if Berkeley was trying to keep their chain restaurants concentrated in one area.

This place is good cause they have a large variety of salads, which is great if you're getting tired of eating Caesar/Oriental salads and are craving something new or different. For example, recently I had the Spicy Thai Chicken Peanut salad, which is something you can't get at other nearby establishments!

As for the quality, it just seems to be very standard. I've had the tomato bisque quite often and it's very tasty, but all the other ones are nothing too particularly memorable. I can't rave about a particular salad as delicious here since I really don't remember it being incredible either. 

Meals come with a free piece of bread, which is great for dipping into soup. They are also the only restaurant in the area to serve soup in a bread bowl as well.

For the price, it is steep in comparison to others. Why pay $7-9 for a soup/salad here when I can get a much larger portion for the same price at Smart Alec's? But, like I stated before, the diverse amount of salads and soups, plus the fact that my girlfriend really loves their soups, is what keeps me coming back.
The salads are gigantic, I've never seen a salad served in such a large portion before, they are almost like the costco size pre-washed salad packs. Not only are their portions enough to last several meals (~7$), they are also fresh and yummmy. The chunk of homemade honey wheat bread that comes with the salad is perfect in terms of texture and taste. The wedge of pineapple that also comes with the salad just makes it perfect. The ingredients in the salad are not out of the ordinary, but the dressings are made perfect. I generally am not a fan of creamy salad dressings, but their poppy seed dressing(semi-creamy) is amazing. 

I've also tried their chicken salad sandwich, it was pretty well made, however, the salads is what i would recommend over the sandwich.

Service is fast. However, the fact that they only accept cash is sometimes inconvenient.
So the place is a little filthy and always super full?  You are not going to get a better deal on a salad the size of a baby.  Anywhere.  I love getting the hugest salad (with no meat, egg, cheese, or croutons, obviously) and eating lunch with my best friend.  This is the only place I will order a salad.  I hate salad.  But not these ones.

Intermezzo forevs.
LOVEEE!!!!! their portions are HUGE. i always buy lunch and end up with leftovers good enough for dinner. their honey wheat bread is delicious! i always get half a salad and soup or a sandwich. the poppy seed dressing is amazing, that's the only one i get! i always get avocado too...the extra pay is worth it! the only problem at intermezzos is that seating is hard to find and with the leftovers i always take home, the hobos always ask for em and make me feel bad. but i totally recommend intermezzos! everything is always fresh and you def get your moneys worth
On the way back from SF, we stopped and hung out in Berkeley as it's always an interesting place to just hang.

I hadn't eaten any breakfast and was starving.  I was told I would not be disappointed by Cafe Intermezzo.  I wasn't.

The line wasn't too long and was moving pretty fast.  I ordered the half salad & half sandwich combo.  I had a tossed green salad which comes with a mix of sliced carrots, cabbage, and assorted lettuces, sprouts, tomatoes, and croutons with a side of their homemade "herbal" vinaigrette. For my half sandwich, I picked a B.L.T.A on their homemade wheat bread.

Let me say that their portions are HUGE.  They certainly don't skimp on anything. Everything is very fresh.  I wish I would've shared a plate because the servings were a lil' too big for me.

Next time I'm in Berkeley, I would not hesitate to come here again.  

Bring an appetite!
Intermezzo is one of a kind. It's always got my back! Did you know they also serve banana pancakes? I love this place for its great salads and friendly atmosphere.
I was surprised by how much I liked it here!  Food was great, very nice to sit outside on the patio, and the $2 upgrade deal (add side salad, soup or bar fries (YUM!) plus a drink) is terrific.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  Just wish their menu was simpler.  Will definitely be back.
The beauty of Intermezzo is that the salads are so freakishly big that they actually could be your dinner for 2 nights. Starving college student? BAM, you just spent the equivalent of $3/night for dinner and are totally satisfied. 

Intermezzo was a staple location during my Berkeley career - you can just never go wrong. Their bread is homemade, their salad dressings are great, the BLT is deadly delicious, and you can customize your order to death, although they aren't quite as nice as the people at Starbucks when you do. 

server: Hi, what can I get you?

me: I'd like a tossed green salad with added turkey, no tomatoes or sprouts, with 2 things of blue cheese dressing on the side, to go. 

server: okay *glare of death*

2 min later

server: You said no croutons? What kind of dressing? 

me: *sigh*

Don't be surprised if they can get a bit surly when they are slammed. But if you go there with no expectations of the service and only an overwhelming craving for mountains of leafy greens, you will always leave happy.
Upon entry to Cafe InMez (awesome nickname huh?) you're greeted by a the whimsical decor and the large counter servicing mostly what appears to vegetarian food but after an more thorough study, it has a nice range of sandwiches (with fresh made bread), salads (huge portions), and soups (changes everyday).

Bottomline (Ranging from Pros to Cons):
-Healthy food
-Quantity wins over quality
-Fast service (unless during lunch/dinner times)
-Poor Cleaniness (the floor, table, and even food can get neglected when it gets busy and when it gets late)
-Poor bathroom cleaniness (this is a fast food place and its bathroom emulates this fact)
I  always get the 1/2 soup & 1/2 sandwich.  Their portion is HUGE!The poppy seed dressing is amazing and Veggie sandwiches are also very tasty. Cash only..
If you feel like I'm talking too much, feel free to shove a virtual sock into my mouth, unfortunately this is the only way to express my fanaticism for Cafe Intermezzo ever since I got caught carving 'I heart Intermezzo' into Chinatown restroom toilets.  Oddly enough, I never thought that I'd be rallying my love for an establishment that primarily sells salad, never being a salad fan myself but Cafe Intermezzo changed all of that.  Intermezzo is all about serving affordable yet robust, earthy salads while fostering a quaint, village-like atmosphere.  To illustrate the affordability, my two friends and I split a bowl of the chef salad (roughly $8) three-way and wobbled out saturated with endorphins and possibly pregnant.  With food of course, what were you thinking.  Truly perfect for that college student who chooses to dine out even when his two-month rent is hanging from hangers.  And with that said, I think it's high time I hit the checkbooks.
O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D

They are known for their huge salads.  Yes...they are huge, but they don't taste that good at all.  It's like any other salad you've ever had that was average to forgettable.  If you want a tasty salad go to HPR! 

People rave about Intermezzo like it's the second coming.  Their sandwhiches are pretty good from what I remember, but please...it's just a bunch of leafy greens with dressing.
Kind of expensive for just soup, but it's so yummy! I always get the chicken noodle here. Soup comes with a free chunk of bread (yay!) and you can actually sample all the different kinds of soups they make. The employees are really nice and patient too.

Main downside is that there is only FOUR (five??) in the entire store, so 90% of the time you have to take your soup to go, or find a place on campus to eat.

When they first opened, they used to have people stand on the corner of Telegraph & Bancroft handing out coupons, but I haven't seen them around in a while..
When two members of our extended family were visiting from Hemet during a hot summer afternoon, when they requested, "Salads" for an early dinner before returning to Hemet, where else on Lake Avenue in Pasadena---the Souplantation!

Souplantation is well located for road travelers.  That afternoon we would rate it a strong 3 stars because of the freshness of the choices, at that moment.  Excellent timing with no competition for the salad bar, not feeling rushed during the salad creation phase.  Obviously, there are times when the crowds of hungry people can cause a frantic atmosphere.  Our experience was relatively calming.

For first-timers, if the choices are fresh, beware because they are more choices ahead.  Don't forget there is the soup area plus desserts, drinks, pizza, etc.  With careful choices, your money can be used well here.  Lots of open seating.

For the traveler, I would recommend the Souplantation for a stop in Pasadena, with not being far off the 210.  In the early evening, it can be a solid, rest stop during a long distance drive---better than classic fast food.  Any traveler will find parking not far away, plus the chance to walk a little after being in an automobile is not a negative.  Feeling refreshed is important.

For the traveler, it may not be the obvious choice.  Others have stated what my family observed, this Souplantation is well-managed.  Thank you.
I took my mom here once, and she did not believe me when I said their salads were THIIIIIISSSSSSS BIGGGGGGGGGGG. She ended up ordering a full Veggie Delight, plus a soup, even though I offered to split a salad with her instead. Long story short, we both ended up leaving with 1/2 of our salads to go.

Anyway, so this is my gold standard for salads. Gigantically filling, fantastic for the price, makes me feel better when I eat it because I'm eating my daily dose of vegetables and not some overtly fried concoction from Sumo Grub. I used to stick to Veggie Delight until I discovered how magical the Chef Salad was. (If you haven't gotten a Chef Salad before, do it!) If you have some time to spare and you like saving money, you can get a salad for here and then get the rest to-go - they seem to give you more that way.

Also, there's some sort of crack in their poppyseed dressing. I never ate salads with dressing before Intermezzo (perhaps I am the one who is on crack). I have no idea how I managed to not ask for poppyseed dressing mixed in for the next 30+ times I came for a salad. 

Sandwiches are great too, although I don't think they're as much of a value for your money as the salads are. It's not that they aren't generous - it's that the sandwiches simply aren't as humungous as the salads are. The few times I gave in and bought myself a PBHB (peanut butter honey banana sandwich), the sandwich was so big I could barely get my mouth around it!

Detractions are the cleanliness (just a little icky); cash only; the lack of ventilation makes it stuffy; the inability to get a table; and the small size of table once you do get one. Also, the workers preparing my salad would occasionally forget to leave out cherry tomatoes even if I asked.
Yummy, fresh, and cheap. My favorite combo. Speaking of combos, I almost always get the same thing: half salad with half chicken salad sandwich combo, for $6.75 total. And we're talking hearty portions, more than I can ever finish. My only complaint is the noise level. It makes it nearly impossible to be heard correctly by the food makers over the counter. Ive learned to keep my order as simple as possible to avoid mistakes, but I do wish I could have a bit more communication available to me.
I've been coming to this Souplantation for many years.
Especially when I feel like pigging out, but don't wanna go to greasy unhealthy buffet chains.
I don't know why people give such bad ratings to this place.
I'd say is a descent buffet place.
I really like their wide variety of salad options and soups.
I also like the fact that they make their bread fresh which is always irresistible to me. 
Much better and definitely healthier than most chain places.
You know that Souplantation is notorious for their long lines, so never ever ever come here when you are super starving.
You do have to wait in line to get seated, so I'll usually keep myself busy with my phone.
It's not the best, but can't complain for $9 per person.
Service is meh, but expected considering it is a buffet restaurant.
First off, holy crap. You need to check this place out!!!

Price: Awesome
Portions: Huge
Choices: Extensive
Flavor: Amazing
Atmosphere: Down to earth
Service: Friendly!

I couldn't decide what I wanted because there was SO MUCH on the menu to try! Basically soups, salads, and sandwiches. But you can have a soup/salad, soup/sandwich, salad/sandwich combo which helps haha. I don't remember what I chose because it was a few months ago, but it was great. I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Berkeley!
MMMMmmm, delishh.. I've been wanting to go to Souplantation for literally like 10 years, and I FINALLY made the drive out to Pasadena to eat some yummy, delicious salady stuff.  Totally worth it!  Firstly, had a coupon from their online club email (club veg, I think it's called) for buy one get one free.. Totally recommend that you sign up for it, it's free and you get coupons every week or 2.  Anyway, it's $9.79 per person for dinner, but with our coupon one dinner was free if we bought 2 beverages at about 2 dollars each.  I got a water (who needs all that soda when you've got salad to fill your tum-tum with?).  This place impressed me with it's made-from-scratch soups.  WOW, they're so delicious and soo many varieties.  I literally liked EVERYTHING I tried, except for the tuna pasta salad thingy.. Tasted a little like cinnamon?  Weird, ya.  Anyway, LOVED everything, including their yams, and their prepared happy orange salad.  :o)  I'd totally go again, and take a friend or 3!
I like it, I don't love it. And I typically love me a good salad!

It's far superior to Doc Green's and the location is great, right in the Plaza Midtown building. While the salads I've had in the past have had fresh ingredients for the most part, I haven't yet found a dressing I absolutely love. I shall keep trying, though! Be wary of the custom salads: prices add up quick, so you're often better off going with one of the pre-designed recipes.

And just a beef with these salad spots: when you charge by topping or add-in or whatever, why don't I get money off of the price when I choose to opt out of an ingredient in a pre-designed mix? Or, if I choose to substitute and ingredient at the same price, I get charged for it? It reeeeeally annoys me, obviously.
Friendly cashier. Absolutely loved her! She was really funny and nice. She gave me a free quart of macaroni and cheese because they were closing up soon. I ordered a Mexican Tortilla Chicken Soup and it was really good. Even though the Mac and Cheese was not really good. I'm not really complaining. It's good. (: I would totally come back!
I love this place, it's definitely on my list of Bay Area places that will make me homesick when I leave! Salad's are gynormous, poppy seed dressing is awesome. Vegeterian delight salad is wonderful, and their roast beef sandwich on ciabatta is fantastic! For a a couple dollars more than the cost of the huge salad you can do half salad half sandwich, and it's invariably soooo too much food, it can be made into two meals easily.

Only downside is the salad doesn't hold up well over time, even with the dressing on the side it's soggy very soon after you begin to get full- not a plus if you were planning on it being dinner a few hours later! 

Their "Frescas" or fresh fruit juices are great too- try the canteloupe or watermelon! 

Breakfast burritos recently introduced are even better than the sandwiches, sadly they stop making them by eleven.
great sandwiches and salads. Unique and fun.  I dont even like salads and i like this place.  I dont even like people who eat a lot of salad.  People who eat a lot of salad seem to have BO.  Heck-ya
Meat eaters beware- salad is here to stay. And Cafe Intermezzo is paving the way- one 10 lb salad at a time. 

Beware portions are HUGE- definitely to be shared or taken home. Food is fresh. The atmosphere is pure Berkeley- easy-going and an eclectic clientele. Exactly what you need/want - healthy, satisfying, and tasty (the ultimate food trifecta). While you may be inclined to add meat to your salad, no need- there's plenty of protein in the Veggie Delight salad- beans, egg, and avocado. The poppyseed dressing is a great way to top the salad. 

On my recent trip out to the Bay area, I ate at many "hipster" establishments, but nothing came close to Cafe Intermezzo- in price, simplicity, and pure enjoyment. 

You will not be disappointed.
Living in SF, I have world-class dining at my fingertips... and I miss Intermezzo.  I pay (*bribe*) friends coming from Berkeley to bring me a chef salad with chicken salad and vinaigrette on the side.  That is two meals' worth of food!  And the honey wheat bread... *drool like Homer*.

Intermezzo has never done me wrong and is consistently wonderful, unlike Cal football.
I love Cafe Intermezzo.  The sandwiches here are hearty and of good proportion.  I'm a definite fan of their bacon and avacado sandwich.  The bacon is done just right and their honey wheat bread is really what makes the sandwich.  This place is typically completely packed for lunch with a line outside to the door.  I have tried their pastrami sandwich as well and that was okay - doesn't match up to their bacon sandwich.  There is a $1.00 charge for using your credit card and since there is a lot traffic and out of the restaurant, tables are often not serviced and you usually have to placed previous used plates and cups to the side in order to have a table.  I recommend buying a sandwich to go and finding somewhere else to have a picnic....
I don't ever remember eating anything bad here! Very, very vegetarian friendly!
Cafe Intermezzo keeps their food simple, fresh, and delicious.  It is well worth the wait and the hunt for a free table spot during the lunch rush.  My favorite is the salad/sandwich combo, which is really like a full salad and a hefty half sandwich.  The fresh ingredients and the soft bread really make the sandwiches, and the homemade poppy seed dressing is the best.  Somehow they also keep the prices down.  This is my favorite salad and sandwich spot in Berkeley.
The salad is big and kind of whatever, but without their homemade honey wheat bread in this world I think I would die. So keep making it 'cause I want to live (and eat!)
I freaking LOVE this place, and have ever since I was 14 and had friends who worked there and was hanging out on telegraph as a kid(when there was stuff to do there).  Salads bigger than your head, idiots in front of you who don't know how to order properly (and keep MOVING DOWN THE LINE PLEASE... ) and sandwiches to quench most cravings for healthy stuff.  Cant say much for their coffee or drinks cuz I never get them, but man this place is cheap and healthy - things that rarely go together... And yeah the staff are a little pissy sometimes, and they look hella dirty sometimes, but damned if Im going to do a better job on my own for the price- thanks guys, keep it up!!
Best fresh salads I have ever had.  They have really fresh ingredients.  The many times I went there when I lived in Atlanta I had gotten the asian salad with either shrimp or chicken.  It's a pretty good amount of salad too.  Prices were around $8-10 each.
I might be obsessed....

My father works in the seafood industry and Blount is a product that has been on our dinner table for years now.  Usually the big bags of their frozen lobster bisque is a staple at Christmas Eve.  It's a Panera-type place that specializes in seafood...and soup!  

We were greeted with a good size menu of various fresh seafood and the option for a soup bar (you can exclusively get the soup bar or add it to your regular meal for a nominal price).  The only thing I wish Blount offered was some more grilled/broiled seafood options...most of everything seemed to be fried.  Everything tasted amazing but sometimes I want a nice grilled fish sandwich instead of deep fried.  You name it, they got it at this Clam Shack.  

The soup bar was full of variety...the roasted tomato bisque was like a marinara you could dip bread it...delish!  They had plenty of non-seafood options so you theoretically could bring a friend here who wasn't a totally huge fan of fare from the sea.  

It's perfect for a quick bite, lunch break at work, very casual and cheap dinner, etc.  Parking...good luck given it's in the Knowledge Dist but it's in close proximity to other restaurants if you want to grab a drink afterwards.
OMG my girlfriend and I shared a Chef's Salad and could not even finish it!

Great value here, I would definitely come back, the home made wheat bread is off the hook.

The only downside to this place is the lines, cash only, the tables never get bussed, and finding a seat is a bit of a challenge, but it is well worth it for the food.

You know the food is great when you will come back even with the above complaints!
everything here is a show of excess.

have you ever had a BLTA sandwich and thought to yourself after a few bites that there's just too much bacon? 

i did.

and the food god was not pleased with me.

but, man, the serving sizes are insane.  i have a 200+lb vegetarian friend and he eats here almost on a daily basis.  what does that mean?  i don't know, because i don't judge.
Yes, can I order "e-bowla e-coli" please!

I used to really love this place and herralded it as a place of immense worship. However, last week all of that changed, forever. After eating a Turkey sandwich and Salad combo here, approximately 8 hours after (the only thing I ate before I went to bed) I woke up a little after 1am in the morning with the most aweful stomach pains and that horrible "Oh My God, I know this feeling" sensation. I ran into the bathroom and took my place kneeling before the porcelain throne. My forearms bracing my head against the white ring seat. My stomach, throat, jaw and nose all became as one unit, working in unison to pump out this vile shit I had eaten at Cafe Intermezzo!!! BAAAHH!! It thrust from my mouth and NOSE!! Up to rinse my mouth out in the sink and blow my nose clean, then Oh no! Again! BAAHHH!!! This time projectile status as if I was that fucking bitch in the Exorcist! I could see lettuce leaf bits on the wall and toilet seat. BAAHHH!!! Over and over and over and over for an hour and a half!! My stomach muscles cramped and weak and worn as if they were Meredith Baxter Burney being beaten by a rod in a Lifetime original. I sat on the edge of the bathtub praying it would just be over with. After my stomach was completely empty of this wretched and vile stomach raping bile, I climbed into bed, shaking and cold. I had been violated. My stomach muscles were sore and used like an old cabbage patch dolls butthole.

Cursed be the day that I eat at this dirty filth factory again!
Cafe Intermezzo: Suck It!!
Don't get the salads to-go! You get a lot less, and no avocado =( But $8 for a large salad with deli meat, lettuce, purple cabbage, tomatoes, cucumber, egg, sprouts, croutons, garbanzo and kidney beans, carrots, thick slice of honey sunflower wheat bread, and slice of pineapple is still an awesome deal.
In this frigid Ann Arbor weather, what screams "comfort food" better than a big, warm bowl of soup? Lucky for us, Ann Arbor boasts one of the most authentic places to get the perfect bowl of soup that is sure to cure any Winter woes. This tiny red hut with its sign reading "Le Dog" may not look impressive, but you'll be impressed once you taste one of their homemade, original soup options. Whether you're craving lobster bisque, butternut squash, or even pizza (yes, pizza!) soup, Le Dog is the place to go. A word to the wise- don't think you can waltz in asking for Lobster Bisque any old day of the week. Le Dog has its schedule, and it sticks to it!  With rotating soup options every day of the week, it certainly keeps its regulars coming back for more.

Le Dog has a system that's been working for years. You don't like it? That's your loss. No credit cards, no samples, and no longer open for business once they run out of soup for the day. This knowledge has people lining up for soup before midday approaches, in fear of missing out. I know it's cold out, but Le Dog's soup is an quick fix. I'm getting warmer just thinking about it...
I typically don't like eating at chains but this is an exception. Good soups and salads. My favorite: the chicken chipotle salad (I always ask for extra sauce which I later use when I cook or make sandwiches).
All right, best salad place EVER hands down. But apparently everyone already knows this so just giving my props. 

Cheap. Healthy. Tasty. Jupiterian portions! Yum.
Veggie sandwich with cream cheese and avocado is delicious. so is the salad with herbal vinegarette hmmm amazing dressing and croutons! also the bread on the sandwiches is delicious and fresh baked. they get through the line quickly so go in even if it out the door as it usually is during lunch time...
when i was a broke college student and could rarely afford to buy meals, intermezzo was the place of choice when i decided to splurge.  i was a vegetarian at the time and my favorite meal was the 1/2 salad with poppyseed dressing and the 1/2 veggie sandwich on yummy wheat bread.  i could usually get 2 meals out of it. 

the lines can be alarming but they move pretty quickly.   it's still my place of choice to eat when i go to berkeley.
CASH ONLY!  We went here for our dinner since it was close to everything happening at the 5th Annual Berkeley World Music Festival.

I had to check the prices since my friend is on a budget & it was ok for his budget.  He wanted something under $6 and this worked.

He got a Garden Salad $4.25 (tax included) - huge bowl of salad & he got salad dressing mixed in, u can also tell them u want it on the side.  Comes w/ a slice of their honey wheat bread & a tiny slice of pineapple.  You can get package butter next to the register.

I got: a Combination of 1/2 sandwich w/ garden salad $6.75 (tax included).  I picked Pastrami for my sandwich which it thought was just ok.  Meat wasn't the best.  Garden salad was ok, I picked herbed vinaigrette.  I asked for no sprouts & they didn't add it.  Croutons I didn't want, but maybe he didn't hear me.

Get your tap water off to the side, next to the Unisex bathroom.  Bathroom is not the best.  I think the toilet is loose, when you get up the thing feels like it'll come off the wall!  They had soap & water in the sink..that's good.

CASH ONLY!
You cannot get a better lunch at a more unique place than Le Dog.  The soups are all fantastic, especially the lobster bisque.  It's like dining on Chop House food (the soup anyway) with a student budget.
You can get a hunk of Zingermans bread or pretzel with your soup which is a nice local touch.
Best salads, full of veggies, beans, croutons and yummy dressing.  I agree with the other reviewers, take that to go because the seating can be cramped and a bit grimy.  Sandwiches are equally amazing, such healthy tasting hearty bread. Cheap, healthy and delish what more could you ask for?
My star rating is actually a 4- or 3+!!!

I stopped here as I am on a 'eat lots of green' PH diet!
So, do not then eat pasta,soup, or deserts!

As Salads go, the 3 premixed salads are very good!
AND: get a couple small containers of extra cheese- and walla!

This place has lots of food, self-serve drinks, and unlimited 'eat till you drop'  deal!

The salad bar area is well stocked and  very clean!
Many choices, and salad choices!
6 or 7 choices of soup.
3 choices of pasta, non of which stands out with sauces or 'eat me'!
many choices of bread, rolls, muffins, and  2 pizza choices
baked potatoes with minimal toppings bar- not so good!
a fruit and dessert bar, with soft serve ice cream and assorted toppings

IT is carry a tray, fill it up with food choices, pay, find a table, then eat!
Remember, if your into more salad or pasta, bring an extra large plate on your first tray, to eliminate the need to  start the line at the beginning again!

Since this is a large restaurant, filled with seating - this works well!

Needed: sprouts for salads!

Bathroom is clean and serviced often!

So if your into gorging salads, soups, and pasta~ well!
So, I stuffed with good salad choices, for about $8.20 total, with discount of 10%!
~
Intermezzo salads make me feel clean inside.
I recommend ordering the salads at Intermezzo - the sandwiches are just okay (I think Cheese 'n' Stuff is better & cheaper).  The salads, on the other hand, are humongous & come with a tooooon of fixings.  I can't even really make a specific recommendation - I've tried most of the menu & I think any of the salads are a pretty safe bet.

If you're into big huge salads, you'll probably really like Cafe Intermezzo.  Maybe I'm just not that big of a salad person... also, don't fall for the illusion that you are doing yourself any dieting favors ordering that huge chef salad with ranch dressing... still tasty though!

Service is fine, seating is okay - cleanliness is not up to par though & there are always flies buzzing around inside...it just grosses me out so I never want to dine in.  Overall, Intermezzo is pretty good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again (unless I were reallyyy craving salad...which probably will never happen...)
Really yummy sandwiches! Their bread is fantastic and flavorful. My one problem is the price, $7 is a lot to pay for a to-go sandwich (no table service). Free refills on soft drinks though!
I've been going here for over a decade, and though the prices have steadily risen to reflect the cost of living in the Bay Area, the massive portions of fresh greens has always been outstanding.  

However, earlier this evening when I walked up to the door, I glanced through the window and spotted two mice scurrying across the floor and darting into a crack in the edge of the counter.  I stopped and figured I could make my own salad at home, where it would be more of a hassle, but I have no reason to believe there are mice about.

Can we get the health department in on this?  The presence of rodents isn't the most appetizing spectacle.
Souplantation is like an Olde Country Buffet with a clip-on bow-tie on.

It's a lot of stuff like a college dorm caf. Yes, I do love baked potatoes, why thank you. But, I do not like them cold. 

From the outside it looks as if it could be some mecca of soup goodness....but from the inside all you see is 300 LB woman with jersey miu-miu's on.

I MAY go back when i'm in the mood to binge on jello.
Ridiculously huge salad

Didn't write this review until way after i ate here.
5 stars for the portions and because it is now gone...
:(
If you like salads, this is absolutely the best restaurant to go to. If you don't like salads, you will after trying Cafe Intermezzo. I only give 5 stars to places that are THE BEST for whatever service it offers, and I can't think of any place that has better salads than Cafe Intermezzo.

8 dollars for "rabbit food" may seem like a lot at first, but the salads are huge...enough to feed 2.5 people (or maybe 1.5 super hungry manly men). And the salad isn't rabbit food. The Chef Salad comes with choice of meat, bean sprouts, kidney beans, hard boiled egg, avocado,carrots, tomatoes, croutons, lettuce, and a piece of rye bread. The bread doesn't taste like much, but the salad is amazing. Poppyseed dressing is good, though I can't say much about the other dressings since I've never tried them

This place is crowded and there is always a line, though I've always managed to find seating somehow. Interior is well-furnished and this is a restaurant I actually prefer dining in at. (Plus, to-go boxes squish the salad and you get less) Service is good, nothing to complain about.
NOTE: cash only!

WILL I come back: YES
WHEN  will I come back: I'm kind of craving some Intermezzo Salad right now...
WHAT will I do differently: nothing! Maybe switch it up with a new dressing
Wow. What a forest of a salad. I don't even know where to begin to rate this place, I'm still overwhelmed by the size (that's what she said). So this is what happened..

They top off your salad with half an avocado, which is one of my favorite salad toppers. When trying to take a bite of the avocado, it fell into the salad, and I lost it. I had to eat like a third of the salad to find it. Then I got full and boxed the rest of the salad to go.

Well, for me, it was a total ordeal, but still somewhat satisfying. Great value nonetheless.
So I called in an order (mainly because i don't want to deal with the stoned workers and occasionally long lines) and they tell me 15 minutes. Great. I get there around then and have to wait another 15 before it's actually ready. Basically, I should have waited in line and I would've been in and out of there in like five minutes.
When I pay, the guy tells me, "Sorry about the wait but you didn't look like you were in a rush." Um, what the fuck? Regardless of whether or not I "look like [I'm] in rush," have my food ready when you say it'll be ready.
Other than the rather incompetent staff, I like Intermezzo a lot. Half a sandwich, a huge salad and fruit garnish for $6.25...I can't complain.
Even though the salad features some iceberg lettuce (eww), it's tolerable and the poppyseed dressing is divine.
Beware of Down's Syndrome staff.
The only thing I've had here is the lobster bisque, and it is fantastic.  Delicious soup with big chunks of lobster.  They also have great bread and pretzels to go along with the soup.
DIRTY!

This is NOT ACCEPTABLE!  This is a buffet place... and last time I saw a B rating... this is just NOT ACCEPTABLE!  And I cannot stand their slow turnovers.  Again, this is a buffet place, when the amount of food is decreasing it is time to refill that damn bucket!

The one in Arcadia is so much better.
Dressed is a pretty good name for a salad joint.  The interior looked very modern with white walls and green chairs.  It was a clean and spacious.  I ordered a Five Stars salad.  I have no idea why it was called "Five Stars", but I wanted to know if it deserved the name.  The salad and an Arnold Palmer was 11.88 after taxes.  Not the greatest deal in town.  The salad was actually pretty good and the portions were huge, but its no five stars.  Its very hard to justify giving any salad a five star rating though.
Yes honey, they have rats, and they probably have cockroaches too. *steps on soapbox*

There isn't really a single establishment in any major eating area that doesn't have them. I had apt mates that worked at Blondie's and I've heard horror stories about what happened to the vermin there. Get over it, quit your whining and sit yourself down to a lunch of chopped veggies and one of the most flavorful tofu sandwiches ever. 

If you're one of those people that is of the "outta sight outta mind" mentality, then you best eat food you've grown yourself. The FDA allows a certain number of insects and rodent fecal matter in nearly every food product mass produced. Don't get me started on imported food- I hope you like lead as a seasoning!

*steps down from soapbox*

Ginormous portions of salad that you really need to share in order not to waste half of it, sandwiches made on their thickly sliced honey wheat bread (Jesus Bread, as it was known to my friends and I in Jr. High). It's college food with a slightly Berkeley twist, at college food prices (cheap) and extreme portions ( again, large).

I've been coming here for almost two decades, I'm embarassed to admit. I'm an old fart.  I like their bread. I like their poppyseed dressing. I like the fact that I can stuff myself on a sandwich made of tofu yet it tastes so unbelievably good, that many carnivores order it instead of the roast beef. 

If you don't feel like drinking  a caffeinated beverage, try one of their versions of "agua fresca", they usually have watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberry and pineapple in addition to lemonade and strawberry lemonade.

Some things never change, and if I want a salad that's truly larger than my eyes and possibly stomach can handle, I come here.
Portions here are outrageous...but delicious!  Love the poppyseed dressing and the yummy whole grain bread!  Gets super crowded around lunch time, but get there early and take out if it's a nice day!  Everyone I've ever taken here has absolutely loved it!
This was my first time there and it was at around 11:00am, so there was no long line, which was a good thing. The place is nice and clean (always a plus). 

The people that worked there were pretty cool, although the manager was sort of mean to the cashier when he didn't offer us their "foodie card." I understand that she was just doing her job, but the place isn't huge, and my friend and I were on the other side of the counter. It was kind of off-putting since the cashier was really nice. I felt kind of bad. However, the manager sort of made up for it by engaging the customers (us) with conversation. She turned out to be a nice person in the end.
 
The food was really tasty. My friend and I both ordered the "Meat Lovers" panini. I love caramelized onions, which is why I chose this panini, though I kind of regret not getting the fire roasted chicken panini and splitting it with my friend. The meat was soft and tasty. The BBQ sauce wasn't too over powering, so you were able to taste all the flavors of caramelized onion and roasted red pepper. The bread was warm and was, surprisingly, still firm despite all the juices from the ingredients. The bar fries were a nice mixture of soft and crispy. They weren't too salty or greasy, which is great since they come with a guilt-inducing flavored ranch dipping sauce. The sweet potato fries are also amazing. I wouldn't dip them in anything because they're just perfect by themselves. 

Overall, my experience was pretty good. It's a little overpriced, in my opinion, but I think the quality is worth it.
i love the sandwiches here!!!  the honey oat bread is thick and so good!!  they are huge too!  whenever i come to berkeley, i have to eat here.. conveniently located on telegraph where there is always a huge line out the door.  they also have great salads!  fresh tossed with fresh ingredients!  sometimes they add too much dressing though.. good cheap prices especially for a starving student at cal.  a healthy alternative for lunch or dinner!
I had the lobster bisque again recently and it was wayyy too salty. Salty enough for me to never want to try it again :( Although it was good enough the previous time for me to want to have it again.
MMMM :) When I am craving something healthy, I come to intermezzo. The line is oftentimes out the door. I love the poppyseed dressing and even with the half sandwich half salad combo, the salad is the size of the clear plastic containers at other restaurants when you ask for a to-go box. If you get one of the full salads I suggest getting the dressing on the side because a lot of people cant finish it and you wouldnt want to leave your salad all soggy! When it is a full salad, they fill both sides of the plastic container and like a book shut it quickly closed. Their strawberry lemonade is pretty good too. I'm craving some intermezzo now just thinking about it!
Sometimes you just want a salad.  But other times, you want an INTERMEZZO salad.  For as long as I have grown up here in the Bay Area and started "eating my greens", the absolute penultimate place to go for a delicious, heaping big bowl of dressed-up veggies is, without a question, Cafe Intermezzo.  And I hate to admit it, I get the same thing every time I go there: Veggie Delight with house-made Poppy Seed Dressing, hold the sprouts.  When you've found the best, you tend to stick with it.  The only way it could be better would be if they used organic ingredients.

One of my favorite activities on a warm summer day is getting my Veggie Delight (always order to eat there, trust me), grabbing one of the front window-facing seats (there are even two rows, with the rear row higher), and slowly devouring my ginormous and delicious salad as I watch the denizens of upper Telegraph Ave go past in all their glory.  Good stuff.

The Veggie Delight always arrives in its oversized pressed-wood bowl precariously perched on a barely-big-enough platter with a hunk of house-made honey wheat bread and a ripe wedge of pineapple squeezed in on the side.  I usually don't have room to eat the bread, but the pineapple is always a nice final touch on the meal.

I already can't wait for my next Intermezzo salad.
On this very hot day in the East Bay, Cafe Intermezzo was a great escape, but with the amount of people crammed in there, it MIGHT have been hotter than outside but i didnt care. It is a very Berkeley type restaurant, which I love. A huge tree is dead center in the eating area with tables spread all around. The place is usually always packed, so nab a table first and then go order. Its like a game of musical tables...

They have fresh baked bread(honey oat) that the sandwiches are served on and accompanies the fuckin GIGANTIC salads. The Veggie Salad is the bomb. Its served in a big 'ol wooden bowl filled with avocado, tomatoes, beans and egg. The fresh squeezed juice is delish too.Seriously, seriously you cant go wrong here.
Reposting this from a previous review for Cafe Mattina, cuz like, they're the same place, only renamed, and the quality and quantity of food is still consistently ahhhhhh-mayzing!

I absolutely adore this place. I live in the South Bay but anytime I find myself in the Berkeley area, I make it a point to stop by Cafe Intermezzo for either lunch or dinner. For a combination meal (salad/sammy, sammy/soup, soup/salad) that's between 7 to 9 dollars, you get gigantor proportions of some of the best tasting and freshest ingredients around in the form of some yummy sandwiches, flavorful soups, and crunchy refreshing salads. It's healthy, delicious, doesn't put a dent in your wallet, and you leave feeling fully satisfied (and most likely with leftovers to spare!). Seriously, people - salads and sandwiches the size of your entire FACE. Doesn't really get much better than that, don't ya think?!
GIANT SALADS!
Princeton Soup & Sandwich is a nice little soup and sandwich shop in the heart of Princeton, NJ's Nassau Square.  This is certainly a good time of the year to stop in to a place like this as we inch closer and closer to actual winter.

Dad, my brother, my niece and I took a trip to Princeton to walk around.  It had been a few years since any of us had been there.  Driving around looking for a spot, we passed by this place and there was a line out the door.  Always a good sign.

Found a spot and walked around a bit until we found this shop again.  Decided to go in for a light afternoon snack and were very pleased with this decision.

I had the Carrot, Artichoke and Ginger soup.  It sounds as good as it tasted.  All of these ingredients worked so well together that I never would have even thought possible.  Dad and my brother also enjoyed what they ordered.  My brother ended up eating most of the hot dog he bought for his daughter.  Apparently she wasn't hungry.

Friendly service.  The woman behind the counter even gave my niece a small Princeton tiger.  That kept her entertained as more and more people came piling in.
Salads are fantastic here, as is the bread, condiment bar, and dessert bar. However, I found both the pasta and soup to be a bit lacking.  I tried several soups and none were anything to write home about - none were better than anything I could get canned from Progresso, for example. The pastas looked dried and uninteresting - e.g. the mushroom Alfredo had little tiny bits of mushroom that were few and far between.

All said, at $10/person, it's not really worth the price. If you want a better chain soup and salad, just head down to corner bakery. However, if you can get a coupon, go for it! But how is everyone getting these 2 for 1 coupons? Lucky ducks...
As a connoisseur of clams (a clamoisseur?) I must say Blount's is a nice touch of Legal Sea Food but with excellent service and better prices/specials. 

I saw it pop up on Yelp as a hot new restaurant and I was like "wait...a clam shack in Providence?! I must investigate...(Batman voice)"

Blount's is pretty darn good, guys. The soup bar alone has daily rotating 5 soups and I had one of their best (Southwestern Corn Chowder). It wasn't too heavy that you couldn't go for a 2nd..or 3rd cup but it was full of hearty flavor. 

Their clam cakes w/chourico are one of the best clams cakes I have ever had and trust me I have eaten my fair share of them.

Word to the wise, when you walk in it might look confusing but you order first and then they give you a number. The waitstaff will bring the food right to your table, pretty easy huh?

I am itching to come back to Blount's for one of their fried clam meal options (like I said...clamoisseur).

The Jewelry District (Knowledge District) needs more great restaurants like Rick's Roadhouse and I can say Blount's Clam Shack is one hell of a great addition.
When I first tried Zoup in the US, I told myself that if there ever was one in Canada I'm definitely going. Sure enough, one opened in Waterloo, a quick jog from campus!

I love the soups here. Lobster Bisque for sure. Other stores shred their lobsters, but this place gives whole chunks! Yum! The soup itself is delicious too, you can tell a lot of effort was put into making the soup.

Sandwiches were meh, but hey...it's called Zoup for a reason.

Free wifi!
I love their tossed salads because they always come with alfalfa, a piece of pineapple, and wheat bread. This place is a healthy option and is a really good deal if you get the half-salad, half-sandwich deal. I've only gotten the pastrami sandwich and the tossed salad, but their food is consistent every time.

It can be challenging ordering food when it's crowded, since we have to shout over the counter. The staff are pretty friendly and service is quick! They've got big portions and lots of variety in flavors. Their bleu cheese dressing is amazing.
Ah, a place to put my thoughts on this establishment. First, as you approach, you may notice the ever-growing number of "don't" and "no" signs plastered all over everything. No, you can't use the bathroom here, unless you pay us for soup. No, you can't use a credit card here, though you may be buying soup. No, you can't sit on our [empty]  new patio unless you bought soup. Can I get a taste of one of your delicious soups before I buy? You guessed it, folks, NO! I suspect the owners think they are running a business head and shoulders above all others, but at 6 bucks a pop for very good to only mediocre soup, I think they may need to go back to school and get some hospitality degrees. I believe this business' lack of generosity is the #1 cause for their empty tables. The place is HUGE and EMPTY. On the other hand, big heart=big sales. Judie's across the street has great soup for, GULP, less money! For other really good soup-to-go, try the lunch counter at Thorne's in Noho. It's cheaper too!
This is what Tiffany call good, hearty soup. 

Lucky Tiffany visits Berkeley on day of Caltopia, and gets free coupon for free soup at SFSC. She stops by with a friend to pick up this free lunch. The employees there were super nice, and gave them samples of the soups they wanted to get. Even though they had free coupons, the employees told us we could get any size they wanted (except quart), so they both opted for larges. The employees then reminded them that they get a free roll with the soup, oh how sweet. 

While Tiffany got her soup and was sliding down to the register, her bowl runs off a ledge on the uneven counter (please be careful of that!), and slips hot sample soup all over. She apologizes and tries to help clean up, but employee assures  her that its fine, and cleans it up himself. 

Tiffany gets a tomato bisque soup-- tomato-y fresh and silky smooth texture. Friend gets New England Clam Chowder-- hearty with chunky, fresh ingredients. Soup was hot and satisfying.

This place set the standard for Tiffany for good soup; she is in love with this place! Great soup, great service, great employees. If only all SFSCs were as good as you..!
as soup and salad buffets go this is probably the cleanest and best in the area.  we usually hit them up for a veggie and salad infusion when we are feeling a little bit dietarily unbalanced. the soup selections are usually pretty good and tasty and the tables and restaurant is well managed during peak hours and always clean. another reason we have confidence in that many of the staff have not changed over the years and we always make sure to tip them in what must be one of the most thankless lowest rungs of the food service totem poll. 

you can also save quite a bit by signing up for their club veg monthly coupon email
Tip : Get the coupon for Sweet Tomatoes at http://www.spoofee.com/coupons/Souplantation-coupon-promo-codes.php
I love this place--and I hope it comes back soon...I am just finishing off a loaf of their bread I brought home with me last time (along with leftover salad for two more meals!)  I am so sad there was a fire
Amazing, huge salads that are a filling and balanced meal for 6.50, share or you will have tons of leftovers! Free refills on strawberry lemonade. The honey wheat bread and the poly seed dressing are to die for. Great place. Can get really crowded around noon. My favorite spot in berkeley! I get the veggie delight salad which is two BIG meals for one person, and the strawberry lemonade, and I am one happy camper!
This was my favorite lunch place when I worked in Pasadena.  Although, it was everyone else's favorite, too.  It was always so crowded.  Sometimes they would run out of won ton chicken happiness, which is alwys heartbreaking.  For the most part, it was a delicious and pleasant dining experience.
This place is convenient because it's right by the campus but I wouldn't go here again for the food. When you walk in, the interior is nice and spacious. It has this airy feel with a lot of chairs to sit in. You first notice the long salad bar, where they make your salad in front of you. I thought that was pretty unique, and awesome. I ordered the chicken salad (due to much yelp reviews) with poppy seed dressing. The portion is HUGE. You can probably share it with three people! It comes in this huge bowl and a slice of honey wheat bread on the side. I wasn't a fan of the salad nor the bread. The bowl came with a big scoop of chicken salad with a lot of mayo, cherry tomatoes, avocado, sprouts, eggs, kidney/coconero beans,  croutons and a whole lot of romaine lettuce. The poppy seed dressing, which is supposed to be their most popular, is alright. It has this sour taste in the beginning, but the after taste is sweet. It almost tastes like honey mustard, but you can see the seeds on the bottom (dressing comes in a small container).

The honey wheat bread is good. It's not wow worthy, but it's still bread. It's not toasted or warm..just regular bread. It does taste healthy though. I just like carbs so I guess I'm biased. If you like big portions, go, but if you want quality food, I don't recommend it. 

By the way, they don't accept card..only cash.
The salads were decent but not anything special. Still, it's pretty much the only place in the area where you can get a fresh salad, so go for it.
I was never that big on salads, until I came here at the age of 14.  This place introduced a whole new world to me, and I later became something of an expert exotic salad hunter in my post-freshman-fifteen (or was it freshman-twenty-five?) years.  

To date, I have not found anything that tops the poppy seed dressing here.
Hot and packed. Even on a Sunday. Everything very fresh. Service is awesome. Vegetable delight salad sounds like something you would get at a hospital commissary, and didn't look that special - but, damn son, that salad was magic. I kept wolfing it down, another bite into my mouth before the previous had been swallowed. Perfectly dressed with a special vinaigrette that had a little bleu cheese mixed in - all of the ingredients bursting with flavor, snapping, crunching. No wonder there was a line out the door. Coffee brewed to order. They make their bread in-house - no preservatives. Split salad with a half of a turkey sandwich - a little too much bread for me (thick cut, but sweet and wheaty)- but really good turkey and cheese. If I could eat one of those salads everyday, I could one day rule the world. 

Fun Berzerkeley note: the sign across the street must have said at one time "Drug Free Zone", but there was a swath of white paint where the Free is presumably hiding now.
The soups are great. They clearly use high quality ingredients, and the recipes are fantastic. Many of them are a little too creamy for my taste, but they're still good.

It's best to get there reasonably early - they run out of soups fast.
Yay! finally a bougie fast food joint in Ithaca. If you couldn't tell I am being sarcastic. This place uses sit down restaurant prices and ingredients ruined by an atmosphere that is at best a fast paced frenzy. The food is thrown at you in literally 2 minutes from ordering, probably faster than McDonald's. I either want to sit down and enjoy a good quality meal or fill myself up for cheap. I never really have the desire for a combination of food that is fast, dainty, and expensive. Just a weird combination to me. Not horrible food or anything, I just hate the concept.

Its kind of like an upscale subway, and to me that just defeats the purpose.
I will qualify my 1 star:  if you love carbs, bread, sugar and highly processed appetizers and starters, then this place gets 5 stars.  But if you like occasional protein with your meal, or an actual meal, then this is the wrong place for you.  Personally, I call the place "Carb Plantation" because that's ALL they serve.  Think about it - where is the protein in the entire place?  Perhaps if you pick all the pepperonis off the pizzas, or dig the chicken or turkey out of the soup.  Wait, they actually DO have protein - chicken - for the salads.  But guess what - you have to pay extra to get that little ziplock bag with 1 oz of chicken "meat" in it.  

And as another poster said - it feels like 1/2 of the buffet is missing - the 1/2 with real food, not just appetizers and starters (carb-based appetizers and starters only, of course).

Sorry, I know people love the place, but I can't get past the feeling that they don't carry any items at that buffet that would cost them more than a nickel.
After being stuck in traffic for two hours on the way over from San Francisco (thanks to the jack-knifed Safeway big rig), we stopped here for lunch because my cousin claimed that this place makes the best salad. When we arrived, the line stretched out the door, into the sidewalk. We were a bunch of grouches since we were confined to the car for the last two hours, so she asked if we wanted to wait or go next door. Uh, there was no wait next door. I figured there was a legitimate reason for the line. Could Cafe Intermezzo possibly have the best salads, as she claimed? We decided to wait, which wasn't much of a wait anyway. I'd say it was about ten minutes. We ordered the chef's salad with poppy seed dressing and a tuna sandwich on honey wheat bread. (We also wanted to buy a loaf of honey wheat to take home, but they wouldn't sell it to us cause they said they were running low on bread.) I'd pass on the tuna sandwich next time since I didn't find it to be too exciting, but the salad was one of the best I've ever had. The three of us couldn't even finish it. The astronomical salad was chock full of greens, carrots, avocado, crunchy croutons, ham, garbanzo and kidney beans, sprouts, and a whole bunch of other healthy goodies. What a medley of ingredients! So delicious and satisfying. Well worth the wait, trust me! It tends to get really busy, so it is difficult to find a table, especially if you have a large party. Lunch at Cafe Intermezzo made up for the horrible traffic...okay, nothing makes up for me wasting my life in traffic, but lunch was still delish!
This place made the collegiate vegetarian in me (now all grown up and eating flesh of the organic leaning) happier than an A on a bio test or a date with the cute boy down the hall. The salads are epic, filling, organic, and the scene is down to earth. Ah for the berkeley days.. Go here. You will be content and feel virtuous.
This place will make you late for work. The poppy seed dressing is off the hook. + salads and sandwiches are award winning.

5 stars from me :-)
I use to go to this place all the time for their salad.. I pray that this place reopens one day in a new location nearby. 

 They literally have the best salad that I have ever tried. It's called the veggie delight and they make a poppy seed dressing that goes perfectly with it. They truly make salads taste like a dream. The workers there don't hesitate to really pack in their togo boxes with a load of fresh lettuce and other salad goodies! Whenever, I go there, my salad ends up being good enough for two meals. So delicious.  I even went home and tried to buy some ingredients to mimic the salad, but it's not the same. This place knows how to make it right. 

If intermezzo ever opens again, the first thing I'm going to do is hop in a car to go get some of my favorite salad!
my go-to spot when i'm in the mood to fill up on my month's supply of roughage.  seriously.  these salads are HUGE.  think mountains of greens, sprouts, beans, chickpeas, carrots, tomatoes, croutons, avocado, egg...  i often feel overwhelmed at the sight, but you can always ask for dressing on the side to avoid sogginess and pack your leftovers to go.  or better yet, share with a friend (or two... or three).  my standard order: chef salad with turkey and poppy seed dressing on the side.  love the poppy seed dressing.  and of course, the bread.
The first time I came here, I was stoked. I was soo hungry one day so I wanted to try this cafe out. The place is located near some really great eateries especially fusions. This cafe had a wide variety of sandwiches and salads. The service is amazing too. They are all full of high spirits which made my day. 

I ordered the pastrami with whole wheat bread. There were soo many fresh veggies all bundled in between such as lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles on the side, light mayo and mustard. The size was huuge! I got full off this portion as well. I wish I could've taken a pic of it but I didnt have my camera with me :/

The place was very spacious and had this nice vintage look and feel to it which made B-town more interesting. Basically this place looks nice, serves big and tasty sandwiches and salads, and refreshing drinks! If your'e looking for a great make-your-own sandwiches then this right here is the spot. 

I'm comin back
It's not the same as I remembered since ownership of this salad and soup place have changed.  I can't quite place my finger on it.  But it definitely feels different.  The salad dressing is more watered down, the service is really not as fun and friendly and the place is not as crowded as it used to be.  I only go back every couple of months and I noticed that the lines are not ridiculous anymore.  Can someone give me a heads up?
A nice little eatery.  Soup is delicious along with some nice tasting sour dough bread.  Not much else to say though since that's all they have.

Their brownies and ice cream are a nice touch to finishing a meal.  Great place to just eat out with friends and then roam around lake.
I have decided to completely rewrite this review because Intermezzo is the kind of place that one appreciates more the longer one lives in Berkeley.

Why?

Because if you intend to eat a healthy meal, it is probably the cafe from which you are most likely to emerge having done just that.  Unlike nearby self-proclaimed healthy eateries, Intermezzo puts your money where your mouth is: huge salads and sandwiches that are filling, tasty, healthy (if you so desire), and really quite reasonably priced.  

When you consider that you can mix and match sandwich, salad, and soup options, there is no lack of choices even though the menu is not huge.  

High points: I love the vegetarian sandwich (though I prefer it with cheddar, rather than cream cheese); also love the herbal vinaigrette - IMO, the best salad dressing in town; love that I can get several meals out of one of the big salads; love the pace at which the line moves and, in general, the efficiency of the staff; love that the salad ingredients tend to be fresh.

Few qualms: Apparently, they will only sell you loaves of bread just before closing.  This is a shame because - while I would happily buy one - I can't see myself going there at 9PM solely for that purpose.  Also, it's a shame that the place isn't a little bigger.  I am usually not willing to duel for a table during lunch and dinner hours, so I get my order to go.
I go here way too often...because their Southwestern Corn Chowder is waaay to good! It's one of their few vegan options, and it is fabulous! I've had it at least 10-15 times (multiply that by $5 to the dismay of my student's budget). The hearty potatoes, the slight spice of the peppers, and the roasted corn make it so delectable, and the perfect go-to meal. My roommate and I will probably never get tired of it. If only the soup company had a punchcard or something, because we are relentless corn chowderers! 
My only complaint is the price. For a little bowl of soup, it has a pretty big price. Soup should be cheaper...but for now, I will indulge. And indulge often.
Yum, Yum, Yum, Yum.  I like big, delicious salads.  They like me.  This place is where we meet.
I don't know if it's because I rarely go to soup and salad places, but I found this place to be a bit overpriced. I got the chicken noodle soup one day while I had the flu, and though it was an excellent soup for my sickly condition, I didn't know soups cost around 6 dollars... and it just felt like chicken noodle soup from the can, but maybe this is my ill tastebuds talking. 

However, I do think their salads are quite good. I've had their chicken caesar salad because it was the cheapest one, still priced at around 6-7 dollars, except I had a $1 dollar off coupon. their dressing is delicious and the chicken was quite soft but again, I just never understood paying more than 5 dollars for a bowl of leaves, some chicken, and sauce. however, I have to say that the bowl of salad actually made me quite full in the end. It was a very satisfactory, tasty vegetable fix that I was desperately in need of. the service is also very nice, since the guy could tell it was my first time at this kind of place. all soups and salads come with a piece of a bread which is also alright. 

All in all, SF soup co. has seen me through my roughest days, but I'd only go if I had a coupon since I don't really see the point in paying so much for a small bowl of soup or a container of leaves. but that's a personal thing. Good thing they also take cal 1 cards...
Decent soup, salad and sandwich joint. HUGE servings so order timidly. Bread was good, soup and sandwich were just OK. Seems like a good go-to spot for veggies and vegans looking for a bargain but didn't really suit my tastes.
i actually ordered soup this time, even though im not a soup person! i debated between the gazpacho and the broccoli cheddar... and the broc-ched won. it was a bit salty but the bread (and delicious snapple green mango tea) helped. not a lot of seating in here, especially during the lunch rush.
You're going to pay, but let's remember, this is Midtown, where anything unique/trendy/good is going to cost you some jack.

This place is right across the way from my work and when I'm too lazy or rushed in the morning to make my lunch, this is my favorite go-to.  

They have just about anything you could ever want on a salad.  Like other reviewers, I sometimes get a little excited by all the choices - putting too much stuff on your salad can add up really quickly.  I try to pick the menu salads to keep cost down, or use a lot of will power to just pick 4 toppings. 

I really like the Cajun Spiced Chicken on just about any salad I get and (although I'm sure it completely negates the fact that you are eating a salad) the Texas Ranch is amazing.  I've had the California and the Southwest Chicken menu salads and I liked them both quite a bit. 

They have gigantic cookies, which I have resisted all but one time, and I curse that time I decided to get one - it makes it that much harder now to not get one every time I walk up to the register.  Again, the cookie kind of negates the fact I'm eating a salad for lunch.

The food is good enough that if it wasn't so pricey for a salad, I'd give it 5 stars.  Even though the salads are quite large, $10+ is a little high for what amounts to a fast-food salad, no matter how fresh the ingredients are.  I guess you'd probably pay that much for a dinner salad at a sit-down restaurant, so the fact that you get that quality so fast and with a bunch of choices makes it worth it.  

I'll be back whenever I need a quick, healthy lunch!
1. The Peanut Udon is rare, but is by far the best soup. Other delicious ones include the Bavarian Potato, the Italian Wedding, the Cheesy Chicken Tortilla, and the Lobster Bisque.

2. I wish they'd drop the charade of selling hot dogs - very few repeat customers go to Le Dog hoping to get a hot dog. As always, it's about the soup, and boy are they good at it.
Their salads have always been at the top of my favorites list until last night. I've experienced my fair share of terrible customer service and mundane food quality, but nothing turns me off more than the sight of mice.

Yes, mice.

Well, it was one but that strayed me enough to not go back. While my friend and I were waiting at the front counter to pay, I noticed the furry creature lingering around on the top of the back counter. My friend, who saw it clearly as well, pointed this out to another customer and that person got the attention of the cashier; yet the mouse had gone down into a small hole behind the counter so it was too late by then.

My pleasurable dining mood went down the drain. I'm sure that there are plenty of businesses out there who deal with rodent and other pest issues, but what bothers me is that this particular mouse made itself visible during daytime (especially during a peak of activity around the area). 

As far as I know, mice hide out during the day and come out at night when there is no one around. My friend and I finished our salad that evening  but there will be no future plans for  another visit.
Okay. My third time at intermezzo, and I tried a soup and sandwich combo instead. I got the marinated tofu on some kind of ciabatta bread, and their vegan chili. It was just okay. The sandwich and bread was actually too dry and it had a really weird maybe horseradishy spread on it. Totally clashed with the overly sweet marinated tofu. I think I'll hold off on coming back here again. Vegans, stick with the salads!
Usually don't review chains... but had to since I saw some not so clean things.

It's your typical Souplantion but the thing is it is so crowded here and the whole interior of the place isn't that well thought out.  When it is crowded, that also means lots of food being dropped when you're at the stations.  I saw one of the workers grabbed the cheddar cheese that fell out of the bucket and put it back, saw one grab a muffin that fell off and put it back, and saw one wiping the food off the counter only to have a bunch fell on the ground.

Besides that everything was good but this place needs to clean up its acts.
I'm not really a meat lover, so I'm going to disqualify myself from critiquing Village Burger's burgers. The one I split with my toddler was perfectly fine if you like that sort of thing. Actually, the brioche bun was really good and the slice of tomato was ripe and sweet, so I liked it for all the reasons real meat eaters will probably shake their heads at. 

But I'm still giving it 4 stars on the strength of the staff's friendliness, the very reasonably priced and fresh salads in their chill cabinet, and the insanely good sweet potato fries. Those fries may be the best $2.50 you can spend in University Mall (except for the scones in Southern Season perhaps). Big portion, crinkle cut, seasoned and cooked to perfection. And - get this - they were even good later that day!! Leaving aside the question of 'what weirdo takes leftover fries home?', who makes fries that keep well? 

I'm no french fry hound, but I'll be back to try the regular ones soon.
As others have said, Cafe Intermezzo is back and overstuffed and delicious as ever.  Not that it changed much in its brief time as Cafe Mattina.   The original owner is back in business, the old sign is back up, what does it take for Yelp to remove the "closed" tag.
We became acquainted with Panera many years ago when living in the Midwest. We've made it a regular stop wherever we live or travel, and were happy to see one open here.

Meh. The place is overrun with college students and knitting groups taking up tables for hours on end so there is often limited seating. The menu is the usual, but they don't quite get it right yet. And the place is not clean. They don't stay on top of keeping the tables wiped, the bathroom cleaned or the floors vacuumed. For these prices, they should do better.

The parking lot out front is small, but there is a large lot adjacent to the store, so it's not the problem others are making it out to be.
I'm sad that this place will be closing down, not sure for how long or where it will relocate due to a fire in the building.  But let me just say, this place has always been consistent and like all the great reviews, their salads and sandwiches are always on point! You can have it made to order or just pick one of their specials.  I was fortunate to have one that was not on the menu but a special that one of the workers their had made.  Didn't quite catch the name of it, but it worked.  

Everything is fresh so I can't complain.  I hope this place will get to a new location soon!
Pretty good sandwiches here, but the service is just so-so. As with most trendy places, we didn't get a single smile or friendly word the entire time. 
Good honey wheat, as others have mentioned, and also the hummus is very good. 
They left out the sprouts and onion on my sandwich (they were listed in the Berkeley Special description - I didn't just forget to ask). They also forgot to put sprouts on my boyfriend's sandwich. 
Forgotten smiles + forgotten veggies = -2 stars
I've been coming here for a good few years now. I first heard about this place when my mom told me about "this place in Berkeley that has huge salads".

Hearing this from a small lady like my mother, I assumed that these were some dinky salads that would fill her up. I was wrong. They're seriously huge. On top of that, they've got great homemade bread and delicious sandwiches. They've also got great vegetarian and vegan options. I used to love their salads and sandwiches in my vegetarian days. And now that I'm a meat eater again? The deli salads are one of my favorite things.

Highly recommended. Huge portions for very reasonable prices. Great location; right on telegraph and a short walk away from UC Berkeley. I used to come here all the time for lunch when I was taking classes over at the college. Even just thinking about one of those salads is making me hungry right now...
This place makes me think I can become a vegetarian. and that is crazy b/c I am a huge meat-fanatic. So put away that korean bbq, and hand me that intermezzo salad bowl!
Their salad is so ridiculously good, and the portions are HUGE. I shared a chicken salad with a friend, and we still couldn't finish it. But oh man I was still stuffing my face even when my stomach was getting full. I'd take a short break, then attack that salad again. The avocado, sprouts, tomatoes, boiled egg and etc all were mixed in and blended so well together like a symphony of natural flavor (yes it was that good. good enough for me to write this cheesy line) in your mouth! Who knew salad could be this fun?
Their herbal vinaigrette sauce is awesome, and their bread is AMAZING. It was just a  plain slice of bread (a very thick slice), but I was still tearing at it and chewing into the thick, moist, melt-in-your-mouth, homemade-taste bread, and thinking of just finishing that thing. I've never had such a full and protruding stomach from eating salad for a meal.

and another plus for their extremely cute interior. I loved the cassette tape decorations along the walls and lights, and hanging from the fake cherry blossom-like tree in the middle of the room. The restaurant has a warm earthy feel to it. I would come here to study too, if it wasn't so full with people all the time.
I don't think I can eat here anymore because they let the dirty dishes pile on all the tables; it's so gross. Please raise your standards.
The people making up the long line coming out the door are either first-timers or are simply unfamiliar with what decent (let alone good) food is like.  Really, the cult following this place has boggles the mind.

The food is far from fresh, and anyone who knows a good salad knows that freshness is the most important ingredient.  Then as others have mentioned there's the problem of under-ripeness.  This all translates to a giant bowl of flavorless vegetable matter which is (to paraphrase Douglas Adams) almost, but not quite, entirely unlike a salad.

But don't let the lack of flavor fool you.  If you're a vegetarian you may be overjoyed to notice the last flavor you'd expect to find in a garden salad: meat.  Apparently they cut their vegetables with the same knives they use to cut meat, so if the blandness of the vegetables doesn't turn you off, this surely will.
I would explain this place as... "an ideal lunch place for anyone who works or goes to school in Berkeley" 
However, I probably wouldn't suggest it under any other conditions. 

Probably similar to what everyone else has said...
The salads are huge and yummy and fresh, but the place has a dirty feel to it, especially when there are stinky people sitting around you and bugs in the air. The people behind the counter aren't the nicest. 

The sandwich is on a very sweet honey tasty bread which depending on your mood, could be good or bad. The one thing I wish I had known the first time is there is this very strong tasting mustard on it that I scraped off because it was pretty overpowering, so next time I'll have to icksnay the ustardmay. 

But hey, I'm a poor college kid and if a salad and half sandwich are enough to last me for two meals, I'll take it!
The food is good. However, the noodles for the Chicken Noodle Soup Is a little undercooked.