Very cute restaurant, got there right when they opened so we were the first ones there but as half an hour passed by, there weren't any tables left. Street parking was okay but if you don't get there early, you might have to walk a bit. 

Ordered the scallops, the cauliflower, caprese salad, bruschette (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. Let me just start off by saying everything tasted really good! We started off with the bruschette and the caprese salad. The bread of the bruschette was SooOoooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! I normally like a strong garlic taste, however the garlic on the bruschette was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor but still so tasty! The tomato&basil bruschette was typical and nothing too special. The caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  Then we got our scallops and cauliflower, and I know everyone raves about the scallop, but the scallops were just good, not extraordinary. On the other hand, the cauliflower was AMAZING! I don't know what kind of seasoning they use, but if everyone made cauliflower like this, kids wouldn't have any problems eating their veggies! We got our bacaro burgers, with the egg of course, and it was a unique way to eat a burger, but unique in a good way. By the end of all our small plates, we were incredibly stuffed. Thought the small plates wouldn't be enough to fill us but I think we were definitely wrong. Still we couldn't leave without trying the bread pudding and OMGGGG i'm drooling as I type,,, i definitely had a mouthgasm *sigh it's super fluffy, buttery, with a soft texture yet some of the ends of the little mushy bread pieces were crispy all topped off with a heavenly scoop of vanilla ice cream. What a way to end the meal! 

Loved this place, ready to come back and try some of the other dishes. Our waitress was super nice and friendly. All in all, a wonderful experience!
We've been here for dinner, and were in the neighborhood so decided to stop in for their happy hour.

And what about the dinner.  I liked the chicken, and gf though the duck with dry.  Ambiance was great, though felt way too open inside, and we sat at a table that felt like it was in the center of the room, all alone.  Normally I'd like the distance from other diners, but it was a bit much.

As for happy hour, there were lots of options and prices were great.  We liked the drink menu, and wen't across the board on the cocktails.  Friend of mine got the Mule, which he said was too sweet.  I went with the tea time, and it was so sweet my teeth and gums hurt.  I actually had to ask for a cup of club soda to water it down, and it was still too sweet!  Also, if you tell the waitress your drink is WAY too sweet, she should really take the drink back.  Gf had the citrus splash which she said was too sweet, until she tried mine.  It was much more tolerable than mine, but I wouldn't say it was good.  One of the people in our group ordered a Sprite and 

We wanted to try some eats, so we got the beef sliders and the kale salad.  The sliders were very good... for sliders.  The burgers had a chunky tomato sauce, like one you would put on a pasta, instead of fresh tomoatoes (nice variation).  They also had a special sauce on them.  Beef wasn't overcooked, as it tends to be on small burgers.  The kale salad was really good, except for the fact that it WASN'T A KALE SALAD.  Go over to Akasha, they'll show you kale salad.  It was mostly lettuce, and again very good.  But when I order kale, I'm hoping to get kale.  Wonder if they have a beet salad; maybe it has kale in it.

We didn't have the best experiences, but I might still come back for a $2 Pabst and some more of those fancy bar food selections.
I've been shopping at stanford many times, but it was only recently that i stumbled upon Flemings. Its right behing Bloomingdales. Its a pretty small place. Its very dark inside, but it set a very quiet and romantic ambiance. TO start off the bring a plate of crispy fried baguette slices with 2 different cheese as spread. I order the smaller portion of the: filet and fleming potatoes.($28.00). And when they mean smaller, it really is alot smaller. But it was still good enough for me. THe fleming potatoes was literally 2inx1inx.5in. it was basically a sliver of the regular order. haha. The filet mignon was very tender and flavorful. I didnt see anythign special abotu the steak though. It reminded me alot of texas roundhouse. A little bit on the salty side, and i could REALLY taste the pepper (im a pepper lover so i was happy). We also had the prefixed winter meal. 
It was a filet mignon: same as my order-it had alot of chopped up onion, mushrooms and bacon to top it off. i think it made it even saltier
caesar- its ard to mess up on a salad, i was satisfied
parmesan mashed potatoes: very tasty, but they mix in MORE butter, i almost had a heart attack. 
then the meal also came with cookiesand milk. I didnt have anymore room for dessert, so this was very satisying.

the service was decent. I think our waitress was more interested in teh older women who were ordering botles of wine. im not a big wine-o. its just another incident of ageism. booo! I wish i coudlve given the tip to the busboys who were very attentive, nice, and helpful. 

It was a decent steak restaurant. But i'd rather save money and go to Texas roadhouse in union city or go to Ruth Chris' and get my moneys worth. This place made me crave Ruth Chris'. MMMMMmmmmm!!!! The staff as a whole were very nice. At the end of the meal they gave me a little box with chocolate dipped strawberries and card from the staff saying thank you and happy anniversary. Very nice touch!
Came here last Friday after hearing great word of mouth. 
Bacaro is a cute little wine bar/restaurant, and it's a much-needed addition to the USC neighborhood. I liked the ambiance a lot - dark walls, dim lighting, and tiny tables make for an intimate atmosphere that encourages lots of wine drinking and stimulating conversation... or at least that's what I gathered from the groups sitting around us. 

The food, however, is just okay. I recommend the bruschette with garlic-something.. I forget the name. I also loved the Bacaro burger (definitely go with the egg on top!) and this one Belgian blonde beer I had.  The scallops were tasty, but the sauce was too powerful, and there were only two pieces. The hangar steak, though, took FOREVER to cook, and was a little too salty. And the bread pudding was.. okay. 

Overall, I'd come back here for happy hour... but I feel like this is a place you go to primarily for wine, not food.
I was happily impressed with this upscale chain.  They have an excellent wine list that you can sample by the glass - always an education.  And they do know how to cook a steak!  Everything is a la carte, so if you want a side with your meat, expect to pay extra.

I had the salmon bruchetta, which was almost a meal to itself.  Probably the second best bruschetta I have ever had (only the fruit bruschetta at il fornaio was better.)  The steak was cooked to perfection and the creamed spinach was excellent.  

I sat at the bar, which wasn't crowded and had excellent and attentive service.  The decor is heavy regal velvet and wood which makes the place great for a serious private getaway or a hearty business meal.  however, expect to pay a lot for the privilege.  But don't worry, you'll be pampered as much as you want.

The piece de resistance is the excellent wine list, all available by the glass or taste (1/3rd of a glass.)  This is a great place to learn about wines - they have a very eclectic selection of wines, lots of good local ones but also wines from around the world.  The wine list alone makes this a place that should be experienced at one time or another.  Where else can you compare three of the best Cabernets to three of the best Zinfandels on the market?

the creme brulee was also excellent, and I consider myself a creme brulee expert, having tasted it in over 10 states and 7 countries.  i would put it in the top 5 %.  Very creamy with a light vanilla taste and a thin crust of melted sugar, topped with some small fruit.   It was almost as good as the creme brulee at La Boheme in Carmel, the best we have ever had (alas, La Boheme is no more, but their recipe lives on at their old web site.)

I highly recommend this as an excellent steak house.  Not as innovative as Alexanders, but more down to earth American style with a better wine list.
Shay's patio in the summer can't be beat.  But in the winter it is still a nice dive bar.  By dive I mean no frills, kind of dark, exposed pipes and bricks, floors a bit sticky.  I've also seen an actual bar fight there one night which was kind of exciting.  But for the most part its a chill place to meet for drinks.

Beer and wine only but a good selection of both.
I forgot what we were celebrating but we decided to come to Fleming's Steakhouse. The parking really sucks, I have been to this plaza a few times already and always forget where to walk up from the parking garage. We just sucked it up and paid for Valet because we were almost late for our reservation. The hostess was fantastic, we sat right away, the server was very nice. She answered all our questions and even gave recommendations of wines she likes best with out meat choices. 

We ordered;
-Sear Ahi Tuna with a mustard sauce
-The Wedge Salad
-Petite Filet Mignon
-Prime Ribeye 
Sides
-Grilled Asparagus
- Chipotle Mac'n'Cheese
And we split a bottle of red wine that was so delicious it got me drunk after 1 1/2 glasses....

The dinner was delicious, from the ahi, salad to our steaks. The steaks were both cooked to our preference, by the time the dessert menu came we were both too stuffed. Prices are to be expected expensive but given our experience, definitely worth it. My only complaint was the lighting was a bit too low for me. But that's just me.
LOVE bacaro.
The place itself is pretty small, but that's part of what makes it great. The selection is pretty fantastic, and the owner's definitely know their stuff so ask them what they recommend! It's a great place to relax with a friend over a bottle of wine.
Awesome wine bar with tasty food, cool crowd and great bartenders.  Modern decor with glass-enclosed wine room in the back.  Look for specials and events in their email newsletter.  Great place to go for late night drinks or happy hours.
We just left there after a 6 PM dinner.  A 3 hour meal.  Service was non-existent and the restaurant was only at about 25% capacity. None of us had dessert.  The food ranged from just OK to very good. This place is a definite pass for dinner.
Went in for happy hour and the $6 food was exceptional. We got there and was accidentally seated in the dining room without knowing the happy hour was at the bar. We asked the waiter and he gave us attitude that I didn't need. He said "happy hour's at the bar, you can just go do that" then he left. We were shocked and just laughed ourselves towards the bar.

It's definitely one of those high end places where everyone in the dining room is dressed like they're coming back from a wedding, but the bar is definitely more casual. I just feel bad for the waiters at the bar because they probably deserve more tips than the waiters in the dining room!! Just make sure you don't get seated in the dining room if you are seeking that happy hour menu.
New Hours:
4-10pm Sunday-Thursday
4-11pm Friday-Saturday

They are no longer open for lunch  :-(
Damn it, i need to find a new place to drink wine during lunch.
Oh Biba, man oh man, do I like you. I agree with what previous Yelpers have said, you can tell this is a relative of Tria, but it's a little louder, a little cheaper and a little easier to get a seat. Visited Biba last night and was shocked by the crowd on a Tuesday night! Especially with how cold it is....it was packed, but not in a bad way. The space is really cozy, the servers are really nice and the menu is a pared-down Tria menu with a few changes. The four of us had the meat board, a few cheeses, split a panini, salivated over the Tuscan bead spread, had the truffle crostini (salty, but good) and the truffled egg skillet. My husband was pleased by the skillet, even though he was hoping it would be the same as the truffled egg toast at Tria. We spent around 200 bucks, which was a little more than I had planned, but we also drank a lot, ate a lot and had a blast. OH! And there are hooks under the tables for your coats. Love it.
How to rate a place that's entirely nondescript?

Napa Valley Grille is a fine restaurant. By "fine" I mean it's alright; not great but not bad; nice enough ambiance for business lunch or quiet meal; edible but not memorable. There's a nice bar and outdoor patio where people can get their drink on (several UCLA students were outside when I went). 

I've been once for Mother's Day brunch a few years ago (not the finest brunching hour) and once for dinner on a Saturday night. The menu is fine: salads, fish, steak, pork chop, a couple pastas. My table ordered several seared ahi tunas with sides of broccolini. I had the scallops with a side of mint peas. Everything was fine, made exactly as ordered. No complaints on the food at all, yet no "wow" factor either. 

The wine was good. 

From the other Yelp reviews, it sounds like the happy hour has more interesting food than the main menu. 

I wouldn't call Napa Valley Grille a destination. If you end up eating here, you'll be satisfied, but it's not outstanding by any means.
Teresa's is delicious but it can be a bit of a wait on weekends.  I haven't had brunch here, but their pizzas and pastas are delicious!  Try the balsamico pasta; I'm pretty sure it's the best thing on the menu.  The pizzas are all quite tasty and true individual pizza sizes.  Great for a date or families visiting the university.
My celebrated my father's birthday here after having contact with one of their wonderful event staff members, Rachel, and I am so glad that I chose this restaurant; from the first point of contact, to getting in my car at the end was extremely pleasant, warm and friendly. This was my first time visiting the restaurant, and the staff really went out of their way to make this a special evening for my father, we had a great table next to the fire, and since I had told them my dad's name, every menu had Happy Birthday to him at the top. It made him smile, it was fantastic! 

The service was impeccable, our server, Michelle helped us make great wine selections based on our taste, and now we have some new favorites. She was also instrumental in making great suggestions from the incredible menu. I had the Napa Chopped Salad which tasted extremely fresh and included my favorite vegetable - beets, the salad had a sweetness to it from the harvest nuts, and was much more unique than other run of the mill house salads or Caesar at other restaurants. For an entree I had the Wild Diver Scallops, which were incredibly tender and soft with a flavor that sneaks up on you from the spring carrot puree. I also enjoyed the broccolini, I sampled some of the Amish Pork Chop and I don't think I have had a more tender piece of pork and I did live in Iowa at one point. 

Michelle was so great in helping my mother who recently became gluten free, navigate the menu to make selections based off of her diet restrictions, she even double checked with the chef to assure my mom! 

So I have to say that this has been one of the most positive dining experiences I have had in Los Angeles or anywhere. There have been times in the past where I have called restaurants for special occasions, and they don't remember when you show up or don't take a special note of it. The great thing about Napa Valley Grill from my experience is that they take pride in the way they interact with their guests, remembering small details, taking special note of preferences and making it an experience. I highly recommend dining here for dinner, special occasions, and any other event you would like to have special attention. Everyone is treated like a celeb!
Overall, just an average steak house.  It has it's pluses and minuses: 

Plus:

-Friendly greeters and servers
-Upscale ambiance in the dining room (except for bar/TV-see below)
-Steaks cooked nicely
-Large menu list
-Nice sides

Minus:

-Pricey, pricey and pricey (steaks are in the $38-$46 range; sides in $11 range, wines from $16 to $25; salads in the $15 range. 
-Bar/TVs are in the same room as the main dining room; for an upscale steak house this Yelper just does not believe you should be sitting in a nice ambiance eating expensive steaks and having ESPN glare at you.  Recommend that the bar'/tv area be closed off with a partition.  Hey, I am older, yes......and perhaps some young folks like being able to see TV.  I come from the old school if I take a lady to dinner at an upscale place, the ambiance should reflect that.  Fleming's is the expensive steak house with a Chili's type of atmosphere.  Not good!


They have a Sunday prime rib special which includes prime rib, one side dish, a salad and dessert for $40.  Best buy.
Went to Napa Valley Grille with my Boyfriend the other day and everything wad delight full! We had great drinks, a nice appetizer, I had the Lamb, he has the sirloin. It was very tasty, the service could of been a little quicker, but there new here so we gave them a break.

I would totally come back!
This place is tiny (and cute)! I came here for my birthday a couple of months ago and it was pretty good.

Some of the items are hit or miss. The burger with the fried egg on top was very good, but the flat bread pizza was not. They also do bruschetta very well, specifically the tomato one. It was fantastic. Some of the portions, like the salmon plate, was very small, but it is a tapas place, so what do you expect? I saw their happy hour specials and it seems like a great deal, so I will be returning some day soon. For a small place, their wine selection was decent.
Food was OK but the service was awful and the prices are shameful.
I had a very solid dinner at Eno last night with a friend visiting from out of town.

The bread service, as others have noted, was somewhat disappointing. We were served small cubes of focaccia at room temperature. Meh. Not much to react to positively or negatively here.

But, I was hardly at Eno for the bread.  And things only improved from there.

Unlike others who have reviewed Eno, I don't believe that I have the right to march into a restaurant and drink on a free wine card without ordering food. 

C'mon folks. This is a business they're running here.  Not a free wine charity for cheap people. Quit being so chintzy and then writing bad reviews when you're rerprimanded by the house for soaking them at the bar on a free wine card without ordering any food.

I started dinner with the house made charcuterie plate which had three very well cured and flavored  types of pork. My dining partner had a wonderfully tender sous vide octopus appetizer.

Our server mentioned to us as we ordered that the kitchen had obtained a wonderful organic, naturally fed  pig from Berkshire Farms that was being presented in three forms. We each opted for this dish which consisted of a wonderfully unctious piece of slow braised pork belly, a garlicky house made sausage, and a roasted piece of loan sliced moderately thin with an ample layer of fat to protect its delicate moisture from the cooking process.

Apparently only three restaurants in the country were the beneficiaries of this porcine prince that we were offered, so I felt quite lucky to have partaken of him.

All I can say is that Chef Eli really knows how to cook his pork. Everything on the plate, from the pork to the accompanying greens to the slightly sweet reduction dotted around the plate was a wonderful combination of ric and complementary textures and flavors.

For dessert, while I was inclined to see if I could convince the Chef to recreate that popcorn dusted raspberry circus disaster from his next to last show on Top Chef (thank God Robin was still around for that one), I decided to behave and settled for a light as a feather white espresso cake served with ann incredibly rich Mascarpone ice cream. My friend had a perfect little pistachio cake pyramid served with an excellent and equally rich Saybayon.

A three course for two, with a couple of beers each and coffee with dessert, including tip ,was $150. Not a cheap dinner. But based on the technical skill of the kitchen and the quality of products used in our dinner, it seemed a good value to me.

Service was just right. Engaging and attentive, but not overbearing, allowing us to let him know when we needed something rather than hovering over our table in anticipation of our needs.

As others have noted, Eno is not about large portions. It is about outstanding preparations of extremely high quality food. In that regard, our dinner was a great success.
I've been to 622 North around 20 times since they opened in the former Bogen's Steakhouse.  I've explored almost the entire dinner menu, and haven't had a bad experience yet.  The pizzas are a highlight, but the salads, burgers, pastas, and meat cuts are all great, too.  My lady enjoys occasionally coming here after work for appetizers and drinks (favorites include the spinach-artichoke dip and potato rounds).  They have a great wine selection, and a rotating choice of high-quality beer (draft and bottled).  Service is the best and most professional in Blacksburg (which isn't saying much, but is still worth saying).  

622 North started serving weekend brunch a few months ago, and it's already a winner.  While the eggs benedict was surprisingly bland and tough, everything else I've tried (e.g. omelets, biscuits and gravy, the enormous "pancake club") has been great.  They also serve the best bloody mary in town.

We'll be back!
SOLID STAND BY

I've been to this restaurant a few times, and it's a solid spot for dinner if you find yourself in Westwood Village.  Walking distance to the UCLA campus, the Geffen Playhouse, the Armand Hammer Museum and Fowler Museum, this restaurant is convenient for any events in the area.  

Food is really good.  Wine list is good - not great (I expected more from a spot in the Village that touts "Napa" in its name) - but not bad.  Many options for dining include a small outdoor terrace and a nice bar.  

Not the cheapest place either, this probably keeps from undergrads hanging out in the bar here, it's worth checking this place out if even for just a glass of wine and a cheese spread. 

I've always had EXCELLENT service at this place, including last Sunday evening.
The prime rib is dddelicious. It would have been perfect if not for the price. 

The lobster tail, however, was a little dry.
This wine bar is as good as it gets. The food is awesome. We ordered the eggplant dish with lamb, the pan seared scallops, the roasted garlic grilled pizza, and a Bacaro burger. We also had the homemade bread pudding. You won't be dissappointed by the food, wine, or service at this place. The only downsides are the size of the place and the parking situation. It can be difficult to find a seat when it's crowded and the parking in this neighborhood is difficult. Regardless, I still say it's worth every bit of it.
Prior to tonight, I was content being solely a receiver of Yelp-formation. But I've just returned from a dinner at Bacaro L.A. and keeping this singularly awesome experience to myself would be just plain wrong.

I'll keep this short and sweet. Go here. Go here with some friends, and for the love of all that is sacred, order the Bacaro Burger with the fried egg.  Savor each forkful. It will be easy to do so; the dish kind of demands that level of respect and attention. 

Try some of the other savories on the menu with some wine and great conversation. When you're ready to consider the three item, five dollar dessert menu, skip the deliberation and go straight to the homemade bread pudding with the vanilla ice cream. I don't believe it's possible to adequately prepare for the first bite of this sublime concoction; the explosion of culinary comfort and joy in the mouth will most likely catch every first-timer off guard. Gentlemen, to be safe, it may be a good idea to bring along a clean pair of boxers.

As you walk out to Union a changed person, having experienced true gourmet bliss over the previous hour or two, say a prayer of gratitude that places like Bacaro exist, and at a Yelp two dollar sign price level no less.
Simply delish!

Ambiance was quiet (light jazz music and a live saxophone player playing in the background), quaint and romantic.  Great place for a date, anniversary celebration or a quiet night out with a few friends.  My husband and I went for our 6 months wedding anniversary.  Perfect.  5 points for the husband.

We got the pizza and scallops appetizer.  Simple, wonderful mix of flavors and light.

My husband got the steak cooked to perfection, tender, juicy with a great polenta side.  Yum.  I got the shrimp risotto, filled with a generous amount of large shrimps.  The risotto rice was def tasty.  

Dessert was the samborat (sp?) berries --- omg!  I'm not into sweets at all, but this one was amazing.  Light, fresh and left my palette cleansed and sweet.  

Overall, 5 stars!  Def a go go.  We plan to go on a Tuesday night, it looks like they've got a great NY strip deal going on.  Service was 5 stars as well.  Attentive, kind and helpful.  Manager was great as well, you can see he was serious about his career.  

Not a good place for children or for adults who want to be loud and obnoxious.  Classy place.  Take a classy girl there and you'll def win some points. ;)  

(We didn't order any wine and thank God the waiter wasn't mean or a punk about it, given that it is a wine bar restaurant. :)  Great waiter!)
I LOVE HAPPY HOUR. 

Beware, the line starts *early* - as in 4:30pm for the 5pm open. But it's well worth it if you want a booth. Otherwise, roll in a 5pm and you can generally get a stool at the bar.

The burgers are *awesome*. No need for fancy frills and sauces, the meat is seasoned perfectly, and the cheese and bacon is all the seasoning you need baby. 

Fries and fresh chips are great, and their small drink selection is solid. 

They have a few appetizer options for vegetarians, but I think the true draw is the burger. Especially, as others have said, considering how expensive this place is otherwise.
came here with a few friends to try out the tapas style restaurant. the food was pretty good. my favorite had to be the scallops. i love any seafood! lol. the burger was also pretty tasty as well. its a nice little hidden spot placed in a random neighborhood.

 its small and intimate and a good place to catch up with friends over good food and wine. expect to wait at least 30 minutes to sit down, that's what we had to wait each time we went. 

overall this place has good wine, decent food and cool ambience. definitelty should try it out for yourself.
first off, the service is outstanding. they were attentive, polite, and accommodating. the food, however, is lacking.

they have a whole lot of wine and the waiter recommended a very good cab, so +1 for a kick ass waiter with a kick ass recommendation.

i got the bone-in new york, where as my buddy ordered the bone-in ribeye. the steak took a while and came out overdone. we told the waiter, so he took them both back and brought us a new set. still dry. the ribeye was medium at best and my new york was definitely medium rare (as i ordered), but it was done black and blue style (charred outside, cold center). even with that, my steak was flavorless.

they could use more seasoning and maybe ease off the whole 1600 degree searing deal.

for sides, chipotle mac & cheese and the flemings potatoes. not bad.

since we weren't happy with our steaks, they comp'd our dessert, so we tried the dessert sampler. the cheesecake, creme brulee, and ice cream were good. the rest....not so much.

+1 for free dessert for ho-hum steaks. all in all, we paid $150 for the two of us (which includes tip) and although service was outstanding, i come to eat, not to be treated like a princess.
This place rocks.  One of the best burgers in LA in my opinion.  Good vibe and the people who work here are very friendly.

They KNOW THEIR FOOD and WINE.  Awesome.  Been many times and will keep coming back.
So when does earnestness not matter?  That's a hard question to answer.  I grew up always believing that when someone tries very hard to do the right thing, that somehow, somewhere, that effort will be rewarded.

But time and experience tells you something different.  Not all efforts are rewarded.  Not all good deeds are recognized.  Not all bad acts are punished.  It's a Topsy-Turvy world, but not all results turn out to be humorous and worthy of a well-healed movie script.

Flemings is a relatively new dining experience in Palo Alto.  It occupies a corner of the Stanford Mall shopping complex next to Bloomingdales.  One would think this would be a primo location.  However, the previous Italian restaurant that used to occupy this location failed a few years ago.  Why?  I don't really know.  But  as they say in the restaurant business, some locations have the stench of failure.

Which is quite unfortunate.  Everyone who my friend and I met at Flemings was warm, courteous, kind and attentive.  But for a steakhouse in the heart of venture capital city, attentiveness does not equate to attention to detail.  This is not what one would expect from a high-end steakhouse hoping to take advantage of the well-healed population surrounding the location.

Specifics?  Well, for one, I ordered a bone-in rib-eye steak.  This is my favorite cut, but the piece itself came out in a much smaller portion than I had expected.  For the price, other local steakhouses are a better bargain.  Sides?  Again, the usuals are well represented.  But the Creamed Spinach was not much better than what I make for my usual Thanksgiving feast.  There's got to be a twist, something creative and unique, and yes, decadent.  But it's missing on the menu.

The number of appetizers are also limited compared to what I saw at other steakhouses.  And, in fact, I think Flemings has to start thinking outside the box when it comes to developing a full menu.  That being said, I don't want to be too harsh.  I actually like this place.  But sometimes, that is not enough.  I want Flemings to survive and thrive.  I want the location bug-a-boo to disappear with a Flemings success.  No doubt, given the location, people will come calling, but I hope it lasts.
Last night's fixed price menu ($39) included one of the worst cioppino bowls I've ever had. The sea food was so over cooked, to the point of dry chewy toughness. The sauce a bland red zero. The side of caramelized carrots were not caramelized and were raw in the center. The chocolate cheesecake was neither chocolaty enough nor cheesy enough. 

The green salad was very good. Others liked their osso bucco and petrale sole.

Attention to detail was lacking. Scales found on my fish. A dry splodge on my wine glass, and the rim was chipped.

At a total price of $75 each we expected so much more. We won't go back.
Specifically for the happy hour: It is crowded (booths/stools, everything!) by 5pm. You have to be willing to make like a hawk or a stalker at the shoulder of a bar dweller waiting for them to leave so you can scavenge their warm seat. 

Once seated, good luck getting the attention of the one bartender until 6/7pm. He is super nice but clearly stressed as demonstrated by the sweat on his forehead and the furrow in his brow. It was stressful just watching him, let alone ask for a glass of water!

That said, the drinks and food are super cheap at 6 small ones each but nothing really to write home about. The pink, diet-tini (i forget the name was actdually dangerously good) but the burger, although a huge hunk-o-meat, was just that, a not very flavorful hunk-o-meat so you really have to rely on the condiments and that small slice of bacon to give it any umph. The skinny fries - SOGGY and blah, even after a couple vodka martinis. The spicy shrimp was actually very good but cook anything in butter and even your shoe is yummy.

If it weren't so darn sardine-can crowded, I'd go back to order the drinks but I'm not willing to race anyone to grab a seat. Call me antisocial.
I was so disappointed with this place. Honestly, for a couple days after going here, I couldn't help but think of all the things I could have bought with the $150 I wasted at Fleming's. Let's get started... (but where do I even begin?) :

#1 - Somehow Fleming's didn't get the notice that gift certificates are no longer allowed to expire in California. (Don't believe me? Visit www.ncsl.org.) The manager at the Fleming's location downtown flat out said we cannot use an expired gift card for $25. If you've seen their dinner prices then you know that, in doing this, the manager also flat out rejected at least 80+ bucks that could have been the remainder of our bill. So dumb. The La Jolla location knew better, but that's only 1 of 2 things they did right.

#2 - So now we're at the La Jolla location and, apparently, you need a "reason" to visit this restaurant. The girl at the front counter kept pressing us for "what's the occasion." Um... we're hungry, we heard this restaurant was fancy and good, and we have a gift certificate. Be prepared for a pop quiz.

#3 - The atmosphere was pretty bad for such an expensive restaurant. We were seated next to "the cooking area" - I don't know what else to call it. Tons of cooks, waiters, etc. all walking around clanging things, inputting bills on the computer registers, talking amongst themselves, and so on. Very loud. Very distracting. Speaking of distracting, at least 7 different Fleming's employees came to our table and interrupted us within the first 20 minutes. Who are all these people? What is your role and why are you popping in on us like this? Not what you would expect from a dimly lit high-end steakhouse. The low lighting would have been romantic, if the rest of the experience wasn't so jarring. Our waiter seemed uninterested and snobby. I felt like he treated us as if we had no money. He wasn't helpful or attentive.

#4 - The complimentary bread left something to be desired. The portion was good. It came with two types of butter spreads - both of them tasted like there was an ingredient missing. The "WOW" factor just wasn't there.

#5 - I ordered the full-size Prime Ribeye cooked medium rare. The texture was good - it better be for $42.95. But the flavor wasn't anything to write home about. My boyfriend got the Main Filet Mignon for $40.95 and it had so much pepper that I literally started coughing after taking a bite. Both dinner plates looked rather lonely, as the steaks came with zero side dishes. Apparently, for 40+ bucks, Fleming's can't afford to give you a tablespoon of mashed potatoes and a few broccoli florets. So we ordered a side dish, but it must have been unremarkable because I can't even remember what it was.

#6 - It's pretty obvious they like to hire ditzy girls for hostess work and to be eye candy for the old rich guys that frequent this place. From a business standpoint, I can't blame them for this. However, maybe teach the girls how to dress nicely yet appropriately for a fancy restaurant. One girl was wearing black Uggs over tights and a Forever 21 clubbing dress. Are you a hostess at a steakhouse or at a strip bar? It gave the place a cheap feel.

The one positive thing I will give Fleming's credit for is the complimentary truffles they surprised us with at the end. That was really a nice touch.

Overall... very sad about the money we wasted here. It's tough because, I like to give second chances, but the restaurant is too expensive to be disappointed once, let alone, twice.

Never again. Gift card or not.
Lets not kid ourselves.  Shay's is a 'dive bar.'  Now, I've actually heard of the Franklin Cafe referred to as a 'dive bar' (with $22 entrees I think that is categorically impossible) but this is just a lie.  Take it from someone who grew up in the Midwest.  Shay's is a NICE 'dive bar.'  The telltale signs?

1) There is a gas pipe that is EXACTLY 6' 1" off the floor running across the entire bar (careful if you haven't been there in a while, because they put new tiles in, which raises the floor, thereby slightly lowering the bar.  Ha... lowering the bar... thats kind of funny)

2) There are instructions at the bar and on this site describing where the bathroom is and specifically mentioning that it IS NOT the kitchen. 

3) The flood of people on the unstable patio.  I was once hit on by a rather homely 40 year old woman and her friends who were smoking Newport's.  Not the typical clientele, but it happened.

So... why should you go to Shay's?  AWESOME WINE!  Seriously.  Its the only 'dive bar' I know of that has decent stemware.  They also have a great selection of half bottles.  "Keep 'em coming!" I always yell.  Oh - grab the warm Brie plate for late night munching.
I'm really impressed with the chef's ambition, but not five-starred by the follow through.

Four people in my group, we all ordered the tasting menu, and all got four different four-course meals.  Some of the details were slightly off; the rice, risotto, and black beans that were used as sides were either over or undercooked by a good ways.  Each course was delicious, each wine pairing was great, and I'll head back again.

Dessert wasn't included in the four courses; budget another $5 for that.

Service was so-so; the waitress wasn't 100% on the wine list, and it took awhile to get to the food after we ordered.

The entire room we were in had eight tables, of which ours was the largest.  Call ahead for reservations.

Summary: will eat there again.
Bad flies
Alright where do i begin with this little gem near USC.  So we decided to hit this spot up on a Monday (1/2 off booze all night)  for happy hour ($5 plates from 5-7pm). Went with 2 friends.  We found a table immediately, no wait....always a good thing.

I asked our server (also the owner) what he recommended for a crisp fruity white...I cant remember the name of what he brought out, but 4 glasses later, I'd have to say, he chose well.

The food is all small portions (tapas style).  We each ordered 2-3 small plates and just shared it all. Everything is super delish.  
We started with what sounds like a simple (Estancia grass-fed)burger.  Quite the contrary friends.  About the size of a white castle burger but oozing (literally) with all sorts of yummy toppings/flavors.  The table behind me even asked us what this explosive looking dish was. We liked the Bacon Brie pizza (perfect mix of flavors) over the Margherita (not bad, just didn't compare to the burst of flavor that came from most of the other plates.)

Im an east coaster and this joint reminded me of those small eateries in the Village.  The kinda gem that the locals know and frequent but rarely ever let any outsiders in on.

We all hands down left feeling good about dinner, drinks, prices, ambiance.  3 of us put down $30 each.  If you are looking for a place off the beaten path to hang with a couple people and just talk and drink and nibble and hang with other 20-somethings, I highly recommend it.
Let me start this review with this:

Waiter: So, you want a complimentary glass of wine before you go? (check already paid, tip already made)

Me: "No, that's okay, it's after ten, you probably want to get out of here.". 

I'm the last paying customer in the restaurant at this point.

Waiter: "No, it's cool," he says, refilling my glass with excellent Californian Cabernet Sauvignon, while music by the rock band My Morning Jacket plays in the background.  "We have a ton of cleaning to do before we get out of here anyway."

I had the chefs menu, and everything was great, especially the bacon macaroni and cheese (case in point: I seriously considered licking the plate.  I'm not kidding).  

They have great wine.  What else do you need to know?  Just freaking go.
Definitely my new favorite Provi restaurant.  Went here for New Years and loved everything I tried!  The atmosphere was nice.  Liked that you could see all of the action in the kitchen.  Theres a really fun menu.  You can get different meat and cheese boards and choose from a list for different hot and cold apps.  And the pasta entree was amazing!
By far the best steak I have had. The asparagus, french fries and onion rings were alright but the steak made all those things vanish. Great service and a fantastic hunk of charred mammal flesh wins me over every time!
Great happy hour, busy, dark, grand leather booths.  Appetizers, to be precise, Carpaccio and mozzarella salad were fresh and succulent.  5 stars so far.  Service, fantastic, our waiter was knowledgeable with wines and made good recommendations.  Still 5 stars. Main dishes, filet mignon and lamb, over cooked and nothing extraordinary.  3 stars.  Because it was our first wedding anniversary, champagne and chocolate truffles were on the house.  Awesome.
A delightful tour of Napa Valley--in Westwood http://wp.me/p1YTrB-4j via @wordpressdotcom
Flemings on University Center Lane holds a special place in my heart.....it's right across our apartment complex, making it uber convenient to grab happy hour from 5-7PM on weeknights.  Their $6 food and wine by the glass specials are worth it.  The best bang for your buck is the burger, which is the size of a normal burger, with gooey cheese, bacon, and a delicious hunky piece of hamburger meat.   Next item to get would be the calamari, always left overs right there.  I just don't like their sauce.  I am a marinara girl and less of a mayo sauce girl.  Third item would be the ahi tuna, though a lot smaller than the aforementioned happy hour dishes, it was yummy.  I thought the prawns were not worth it.  Their wine list for happy hour was excellent...one of the best I've encountered.   It makes me think a full meal during regular hours at Fleming's would be mind-blowingly good, but honestly happy hour fed my normally picky boyfriend, and he was way impressed by their burger.
The four of us had a great time and really enjoyed the food. The wine was great with the cheese platter.  We also had the risoto balls, shrimp, encrusted eggplant, calamairi, and rigatoni.  All were prepared perfectly, although the shrimp wasn't anything special. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and Jamie was a very good and congenial host.  I would have to recommend that you do not order as much as we did. Generally each portion is bigger than expected.
this is the place for a good steak, a glass of wine and no dressing up. It is kind of pricy, but worth it. Used to work there, traveled to new restaurants and tried everything on the menu.
My favorite is  the NY Steak, medium, Flemings Potatoes and the wedge salad.
I am writing this based on happy hour goodness only, since that is what we went there for. One day while running in Westwood, the real live advertisement boards (workers) were handing out happy hour fliers. They called Rach & I over and gave us menus, telling us to come by their happy hour, and that it was better than Palominos. The menu looked pretty decent, so we made a trip of it after work a coupla weeks later.

Turns out, their happy hour menu is not happy for the wallet. It actually ended up costing us $25 each, and we hardly drank.... Plus the service was mediocre, not what it should have been for an establishment like this! The real Napa Valley is way nicer than this place.

Food is decent, we had fish tacos, garlic fries, calamari, kobe corndogs, salad, mac & cheese, a "pitcher" of sangria and a glass of Napa Breeze. Drinks first, of course! The "pitcher" of sangria was as big as the carafe of juice they give you at Denny's around the block. Meaning, it was tiny and not a pitcher at all. It filled 2 small glasses. The Napa Breeze was even smaller, served in a thin champagne flute. The flavor was ok, Malibu, pineapple juice, grenadine, champagne, but not worth the cost ($7). The fish tacos were deemed quite delicious, the garlic fries were amazing, crispy with a drool-worthy odor, the mac & cheese was pretty good (shells w/ white cheese), the salad was lacking big time (leaves of lettuce with hardly anything else, and the lemon vinegarette needed some serious seasoning)... so basically, it comes down to if you are well off and not hurting in these recession filled times, make your way to happy hour @ Napa Valley Grille. Personally, I think Palomino's happy hour was a better deal, but either way....

Yummilicious Factor = A-
Easily the best happy hour I have thus far encountered in Westwood. Their food menu boasts selections so cheap you will do a double take. I assumed that the $4 quinoa and kale salad would be the size of a thimble. My stomach was satisfied by the generous portion (considering the price) and the high quality of the food. The elegant atmosphere is likely the culprit causing this kind of thinking. Generally I assume when places have a more upscale ambiance the portions will be small and the service snooty. Not the case with Napa. 

Though personally a vegan, my dining companions have raved about their spicy mac and cheese, so I will recommend that even though I can't speak for it personally. I can admit that the aroma of aforementioned pasta dish tempts me to throw my vegan diet out the window. 

The drink specials are phenomenal, too. Being of Spanish origin, I normally take offense when a menu offers white sangria (red is the only authentic one, come on). But I tried their white sangria and was in fruity cocktail heaven (a place where cosmos hang out with raspberry mojitos).  The wines offered are at a very reasonable price during happy hour, tough they are also a rather limited selection when compared to the full wine list.

In summary.. Go to Napa for all dining and drinking endeavors!
I recently made my return to Shay's outdoor seating  the other day when the temperature finally topped 60 degrees. Shay's, while on a pretty busy street (JFK), still seems a bit tucked away from it all on the bottom/basement level of a retail/apartment building. Every time I've asked a friend or colleague to meet me here for drinks, people that have worked in Harvard Square for years, they say "Shay's? Huh? Where's that?" 

There's a great little outdoor seating area that gets the perfect amount of sunlight. Nice for people watching, both the other bar patrons who are normally a very chill, laid-back sort/ international/ academic/all of the above. The interior of the bar is nothing fancy. Dimly lit, it looks like it's been beaten and battered. They sometimes play old school punk music, which seems a perfect fit for the decor. 

Nice selection of beer and wines. The only thing I've had to eat here was the baked brie...mmm...tasty...but how can you go wrong with baked dairy products? It's the sort of bar you could either a) get totally wasted at with a couple of good friends on a lovely summer night, b) sit quietly at the bar inside reading a book with a glass of wine. 

Words do not quite do it justice, but I've never seen any other place in Boston that offers the same sort of atmosphere as Shay's...
Good place for a leisurely meal before strolling over to see the waterfire.

We had a reservation and were promptly seated in the main upstairs dining area.  This is a nice space with high beamed ceilings and an open kitchen. 

Service was friendly and helpful.  

The tapas were fun to try and if I were dining here again, I would probably elect to just do tapas and not order a main course just due the variety or textures, flavors, and fun involved with selection.  I enjoyed our wine very much and would highly recommend trying that if you go and do tapas.  The stone fruit dessert was also a winner.  

Wine:   lodolaia 2007 / syrah maremma toscana

Tapas:  Friend stuffed squash blossom, cauliflower with truffle oil, duck break crostini, scallops, cheese and meat plate.

Appetizer:  Pizza Blanca

Main Courses:  Carbonara, Salad

Dessert:  Stone Fruit Tart
Food was quite simply exquisite. The prices are surprisingly good as well. Some of the portions are a little small but the burger was one of the best I'd ever had.
We've been here for happy hour and dinner, I liked their cheesecake and their sliders.  I think the food is overpriced, but if you have money to burn, this is a fun little restaurant/wine bar with a cool interior.
Our experience was great!  When another restaurant couldn't accomodate our large group, we stopped in here as a plan B.  I'm so glad we did!  The small plates allow for amazing, fresh ingredients and let you taste many different things.  And THEY SERVE PISCO SOUR!  Ok, it's a little weak, but I was kind of glad considering that I had to drive home.  Otherwise the taste is right on.
Will definitely be back.
I'm not going to lie--going here I felt like I was slowly becoming less of a man. I went with a friend (lady friend) who came here several times before. I'm not sexist (well... maybe I am a little), but this place is perfect for girls nights out. I was one of maybe three guys... one of the guys was working as a waiter. The other was drinking at the bar. (I may be exaggerating a little... but seriously, there was a lot of estrogen in that restaurant). The servings are small (more like tapas). They have a good selection of white and sweeter wines.

The food (appetizers) was pretty terrible... their garlic fries were ok, but their nachos were absolutely horrible. I'd take nachos from Taco Bell over their nachos. I couldn't afford an actual meal here... Their drink selection for happy hour was pretty poor (though their wine list was fairly extensive, but considering the restaurant name, it's to be expected)...

All in all, I say go to Palomino's down the street for their better selection of food. Their drinks are so-so, but still not worth it. Their good service is what saves Napa Valley Grille from a 1 star rating. 

In summary: for a girls night out.... have fun, but don't expect me to go. Ever.
We had tickets to see a show in Westwood tonight, so the husband picked Napa Valley Grille for dinner.

We arrived a little late for our reservation but were seated quickly, perused the menu, and after a while, our server (T) came by to introduce himself and then to take our orders. He seemed very friendly and personable, so it all seemed to be going well.

The busboy brought out a basket of bread, and he also brought a dish of olive oil and a dish of eggplant tapenade, which was pretty good.

For a starter, the husband and I shared an order of the Grilled Pacific Calamari Bruschetta.  I was a bit surprised that it was called "bruschetta" because it really wasn't. Most of the ingredients were cooked together in a little bit of broth, with two pieces of toasted bread on top. It was delicious.

I should say that at first, a basket of fried calamari was brought to our table. I didn't remember the husband ordering that and didn't even see it on the menu, but since I like fried calamari, I didn't care. We'd each had a piece or two when the runner came by to say that we'd been brought the wrong item, and he gave us the dish we ordered instead and took the fried calamari away.

Now, I will say that I was disappointed that they didn't ask if we just wanted to keep the fried calamari anyway. No, I don't generally ask for stuff for free, but we'd already had a taste of it (and even if we hadn't touched it, they couldn't then serve it to whomever had actually ordered it), so they were just going to take it back to the kitchen and throw it away anyway.

For our next course, I ordered the Organic Baby Lettuce salad and the husband ordered the Warm Organic Spinach Salad. I really enjoyed my salad, which was a nice mixed "weed" salad, and I particularly liked the dressing, which was light and tangy.

For the main course, I ordered House Made Saffron Infused Garganelli and the husband ordered Sauted Center Cut Aged Sirloin "Filet".

We had finished with our salads and sat at the table chatting for what seemed like quite a long time. A manager eventually came by and mentioned that he'd spoken to the chef and that our entrees would be out shortly.  We sat for a while longer, and eventually, our entrees were brought to us. The husband had made an early reservation so that we could have a leisurely dinner before our 8pm show. We sat down around 6pm, and yes, we had a starter and salad, but our entrees didn't arrive until about 7:10pm. OK, fine, we can still enjoy the entree, and I would forego dessert, and the husband in the meantime would ask for the check to get that settled so that we could leave as soon as we were done.

The husband very much enjoyed his dinner and particularly liked the sauce that accompanied the dish. I also really liked my dish, which came with a lot of broth that was very tasty, so I kind of wish I'd had a spoon to be able to enjoy all of it. I just contented myself with using the shellfish shells to scoop up some of the liquid. The pasta was pretty good, nice firmness and texture, though just a tad on the large side to comfortably pick up with a fork without worrying about dropping it in the broth and splattering. The crab legs and shrimp and mussels were good. I wasn't entirely sure what cockles looked like, but the only other seafood item in my dish was pretty much just clams - clams of the variety that are pretty common. They were still good, so I figured maybe they had a problem getting cockles or something.

So the husband finished his entree first. And he sat there. And as I continued to finish my entree, he continued to sit there. And not once did the server come by to check on us. I then realized that he'd NEVER come back EVEN ONCE to check on us after any of our dishes were delivered to us. We saw him at the other nearby tables talking to them and helping them, and he never once looked in our direction or bothered to stop by. Never once asked us how the food was or if we needed anything. And then he disappeared for a while. He finally returned to an adjacent table, and the husband finally managed to get his attention to ask for the check.

Given the kind of restaurant Napa Valley Grille is, I do not expect to be completely ignored by the server. Heck, forget that it was an upscale restaurant - I would not be happy with being that ignored at Chili's or Olive Garden or Mimi's or Denny's. I *might* have given him a pass if, when the husband asked for the check, he apologized for not coming by sooner, asking if we might want some dessert, anything to acknowledge his complete non-service to us.

The food was quite good, but the absolutely atrocious service really turned me off, especially since the delays made us almost late for our show.

I would not refuse to go back to the restaurant if someone else really wanted to go, but it would certainly not be on my list of places I'd choose to return to nor could I really recommend it to anyone else.
Crap.  Also, unfortunately one of the prime locations for corporate/recruiting/alumni events in town.  The short rib is good.  Everything else relies on the vibe of the place to trick you into thinking you're getting gourmet cuisine.
The food is good! The ambiance, nice! Nice little spot to go to in the hood. Had a good time here with the roomies.

Only complaint is that the food is a little pricey for the portion sizes they offer. Other than that, yum :) Will be coming back for more.
Hell to the yeah, if steak is your thing, u best be flockin to Fleming's to get the ribeye (rare please). Its got a perfect sear thats sure to silence any naysayer as well as perfect aging and a good amount of rind that explodes with fatty flavor in yo thirsty mouth. The bartender must have studied at Hogwarts as all the drinks are magical liver picklers that taste like heaven. Add up perfect service every time and you've got some repeat customers up in dis bizatch!
I had a 3.5 star experience for a 4.5 star price.  Hence the the two star rating.  This place used to be a reliable middle of the road reliable 3.5 to 4 star place with a 3 star price.  My $39 steak sure seemed like a five star price but was at best a 3 star experience.  The wine list that used to be a good deal is now 2-3 times retail.  Yes the service and decor are nice but the prices are just not justified for the value given.  And in this economy one hates to feel like they did not get their monies worth!
Went back for the first time in a long time...

Gotta say, they still got it!

Although some old favorites are gone: the mini corn dogs as well as a different mini slider, most remained--mainly the mac n cheese, which I hope they never, EVER take away...please.

The $4 vinos are still being poured full! Best spot in W-Wood!
This place made my valentines day perfect! Lupe and I never been to Flemings so I decided to make reservations. I brought along a bottle of Flora Springs Trilogy and asked the host to decant the wine while we waited for our table. We waited at the bar and had drinks. When our table was ready our host grabbed us from the bar and sat us at our booth. When we got seated our wine was already on the table in a decanter. The server brought out bread with some very good spreads. We ordered a bottle of still waiter that was from Italy which is some of the best water we had. Plus we ordered calamari as an appetizer to start. I ordered the ribeye medium rare with the garlic mashed potatoes while Lupe ordered the filet. The calamari is some of the best calamari I ever ate. My steak was so perfectly cooked, seasoned really good, and the fat on the meat helped cut through the tannins from the wine which made the wine compliment the meal. For desert we ordered the chocolate bunt cake with glasses of port wine. The desert was very delicious and the port wine paired nicely. I would definitely go again. I found one of my two favorite steakhouses! Flemings and CUT!
This place has an amazing happy hour and great for poor grad students  like me to get some good food. The HH is from 5-7 everyday, it can get crowded but havent had a problem when I have been there around 5.

My favorite thing to get is their $6 bacon cheeseburger. The patty is flavorful and juicy, but what makes it extra tasty is the peppery thick cut bacon. It also comes with 2 large fresh onion rings. The burger can be a tad salty, but all goes down perfect with a $3 Blue Moon w/an orange.
Great selection of food and wine, and love love the atmosphere!Besides they have the best cheese platter in town, the most knowledgeable bartender especially when it comes to wine and a very attentive and pleasant waitress who speaks like five languages...oh, I forgot the live music too. I will certainly return.
I had a totally fabulous meal here last night. 

* I missed the bacon on my wedge salad, but it was still tasty. 

* The Barbecued Cajun Shrimp appetizer was awesome. Next time I will ask for the sauce in a glass so I can drink it. 

* The baked potato was a carb lovers delight. This thing was huge and easily shared by two people. 

* My bone-in filet was out of this world delicious. 

* The (new) gluten-free chocolate lava cake was rich and crazy good. 

* Our waitress was awesome - darling and super friendly. 

Solid 4 star meal.
Happy Hour Review

This popular Westwood (UCLA-ville for non-locals) restaurant promises to bring the best of wine country to a Los Angeles setting. And actually, they do pretty well. Though we can't speak for the wine, just the margaritas, $4 and salty-good! We also had the Napa Breeze, $7 cocktail & made of sparkling wine + malibu rum + pineapple juice + grenadine = summer drink heaven! And cranberry orange sangria, an $8 light and refreshing cocktail that would have been perfect for a patio day. Plus, we ordered like eight of their varied happy hour menu items! 

We ordered a mouthwatering spread of no less than: blue cheese hush puppies, macaroni & cheese, garlic fries, sliders, beet salad, nachitos, and the complimentary house ginger-enhanced potato chips. Unfortunately, stuffing ourselves on so many appetizers didn't leave room for dessert, but we were intrigued by the green tea cheesecake & giant cookie w/ candy cane swirl ice cream for $4 each! 

The happy hour is served at the bar area and patio (which we always enjoy when it's not raining cats & dogs); the space is plentiful and would be a great spot to catch up with a friend or a date. Probably not best for a group setting and/or to meet a date - the only patrons here were professor-types and older couples. There was one table of younger gents, but they seemed pretty into the game and left not long after it wrapped. 

Service was good; the bar was quiet when we arrived, but strangely all of the available tables seemed to have crumbs on them. However, our table was quickly wiped off and then we were just as quickly served. Also, after a little badgering, the staff also turned their biggest screen tv to the Golden Globes just in time for Mo'nique giving her fly-ass acceptance speech. 

Back on topic, color us impressed with the variety of options and swell prices. Even though it's not quite in our neck of the woods, we'd definitely check it out again - if not just for the green tea cheesecake!
3.5-4 stars for food + 0.5 for great service and prices! :)

Came here on a Saturday afternoon to try their happy hour (5 for $6 Til 7pm daily). Arrived around 4:45pm and was promptly seated even though HH doesn't technically start until 5pm. The whole staff is very friendly and served us right away. Gave us a bowl of freshly made chips.. but it was too greasy and salty, so we didn't eat too much of those. But if you add pepper to it, it will taste better! Given the high ratings on Yelp, the bf and I tried the following (which were all $6):

1) Jumbo Cocktail Shrimp
The shrimps were really fresh and the cocktail sauce paired really well with the shrimps. Also, the salsa on the bottom enhanced the dish, making it really fresh and light. 

2) Beef Carpaccio 
This was okay.. nothing too spectacular. Liked the toasts that came on the side and the basil with the beef carpaccio. Probably my least favorite dish, but for $6, I guess it wasn't that bad.

3) Sweet Chile Calamari
My favorite! It was so good!! Loved the sweet chile it was tossed with!! Yes, it made the calamari kinda soggy, but the flavor made the dish so amazing!! The calamari was perfectly lightly battered and was fresh! You get a lot of calamari for the price you pay. I totally recommend this dish! :)

4) Prime Burger
The beef patty was perfectly seasoned and the quality of the meat was definitely better than your average burger. Loved the toasted brioche bread and the bacon! Comes with either onion rings or shoestring fries. Got the fries and were really yummy. The portion of this dish was HUGE! 

It was a mistake ordering 4 items! We left stuffed.. and we didn't even finish everything. This was totally worth it though since all that food and a margarita was only $30! Wouldn't mind coming back if I'm in the area. I was told to come here before 5pm because it gets filled up pretty quickly, but it wasn't the case when I was there. There were still seats opened when I left around 6pm, so need to rush to get here. Someone on Yelp suggested "getting in line" at 4:30pm, but it's not necessary! Just take your time shopping and getting yourself a treat at Sprinkles, then stroll your way towards Flemings to have a great HH meal! :)
Compliments to the chef! Possibly the greatest tapas restaurant in L.A.
Great if you are a fan of tapas and wine! The egg toast is one of my favorite things in the world. The figs are also great! This is a really cute place for a casual date.
I love Vinology's Happy Hour!  From 11-6 (Monday through Friday) they  have Half priced wine as well as select pizza and sliders!  Their staff are very knowledgeable on all the wines they serve.
Don't be mislead, It was really good.  Cocktails were good.  Service was great!  WHich is really improtant to me.  Food was fine.  Good steak, etc etc.  Definitely no problems.  I was being taken out to dinner so it was ok that it was overpriced.
My date and I were unfortunately unimpressed.

We started with the Tenderloin Flatbread Pizza.  An interesting experience - small chunks of steak, red onion, asiago cheese on a "sauce" of mashed potato on a flatbread.  It was a decent size for an appetizer, something like six slices, possibly worth the $12.

She got a flight of white wines which were all fairly good (though she disliked the earth toned one).

Then our dishes came out.  We opted for three half-portions.  The salmon was pretty good!  The gnocchi were so so, and the fettuccine was not really what I was expecting, which might account for my disappointment.

For a pretty expensive place (even by Ann Arbor standards), I was not as impressed as I perhaps should've been.
I am kinda down on this place after a series of a bad/bland meals I have had there. The atmosphere is nice and there were a couple of times when I had good steak and the like but a lot of the food just is not worth your time. The hamburger is especially disappointing, stick to the staples and you'll be fine. But, you could do better in the area.
I absolutely feel that this is the best place to dine in LA!  Though I am a creature of habit, all the items on the menu sound so divine that I stepped out of the comfort zone and have tried a variety of dishes. Each item has its own unique flavor and is simply delicious. The best part is, its tapas style and you get just the right amount of food to tickle your palette and leave you satisfied. 

I also love that the owner and chef are so approachable and get to know their customers. They are great hosts and definitely are gracious and show genuine appreciation when people enjoy the food! I absolutely recommend this place to any and everyone who loves good food in an intimate setting.
BACARO LA .. I heart you not only because you are you close to my work but you are one of my favorite places to go to for your awesome ambiance and delicious food. I've been here a couple of times already and I"m surprised I haven't written a review at this place yet! Tapas and wine is probably one of my favorite combos and dining experience so you can see why I really like this place. 

Ambiance: It is in a sketchy neighborhood but Bacaro is definitely nice and great place to catch up with some friends or to bring a date to for dinner. Love the wine bottles on top of the ceiling. They expanded the place so there is a nice group table on the left hand side of the restaurant which is separated from the rest of the restaurant. The blackboard walls allow the staff to write their wine/beer list and food menus which gives the restaurant a more urban and modern feel to it. The space is super small so come early because there will be a wait. 

Food:

Poached Shrimp- Citrus Chili Sauce, Shaved fennel. Overall good acidity to the shrimp, a little bit on the sweet side but the shrimp was perfectly cooked and a good appetizer to get your palate going. 

Lamb stuffed eggplant with lemon garlic emulsion, lemon chip, and scallions. This dish was no bueno. Something about it did not taste good.. flavor feel flat and texture was mushy which is not a good thing!

The Bacaro Burger- Made with all natural angus grass-fed beef served on bicycle breads handmade grilled honey wheat with a fried egg. Definitely my favorite dish of the night. Burger was juicy, flavorful, and anything with a fried egg in it is delish! Definitely a must get when you come!

"Noa's" cauliflower with chipotle aioli and mixed greens- This is a unique twist to the ordinary boiled cauliflower. I like the sweet tangy sauce in the aioli and if my mom made cauliflowers this way when I was a kid, I would be all over it! The cauliflower was tender and not overly cooked which is important. Another great dish!

Grilled Chicken Breast with parmesan risotto cake, lemon caper sauce. I've ordered this dish in the past and loved it but this time around, it was not as good. The chicken breast was overly cooked and dry. The parmesan risotto cake was greasy and overly fried as well. Overall, the dish was too oily. 

Grilled pizza of margaherita and tomato sauce and mozarella- Grilled pizza was good, it was the thin crust which I love and overall flavor was decent. Nothing to complain about this dish. I would be open to trying the bacon and brie next time. 

I've had a better experience in the past but this time around it was still good. It won't stop be from coming back.  :)

*FYI: They don't take reservations so come early!
I've been here twice. Love it for happy hour .Sitting on the quaint patio with a bar ,sofas and heaters ...cozy ...romantic. Not really a deal on drinks but that's OK. The food ....four words Blue Cheese Hush puppies awesome. Calamari love the fried olive and lemon rind. Not on happy hour but probably  the best oysters I've ever had. Good wine good food good deal Great atmosphere .A+
If it's cow you're a craving, then this is the place. Be warned, it's not cheap, but I guarantee you will get a yummy cut of meat.
They do have a less expensive prix fixed menu, but they don't specify the serving size of meat on it I had to ask (it's a 6 oz fillet mignon there) versus the normal 9 oz serving. 
The asparagus was a little past it's prime (some bloom noted on the heads), but was still delicious grilled. I couldn't decide between the Bearnaise or peppercorn sauce, and my server said I could have both, Whee!
Not only that, they gave me an appetizer for nada (I was dining alone, maybe they took pity on me?) consisting of a couple of cheese spreads (brie was one) and some melba toast and celery sticks.
I noted that they do have special menus for holidays (like an Easter prix fixe deal).
And I love their creme brule, but alas, I had a full tummy. Must have been the fuzzy navel I drank with dinner.
My husband and I came here to check it out after reading the reviews on Yelp~ The pictures looked amazing and when you get there it looks just as amazing in person... 

I got the bacaro burger... and it looked so good when it came out.. I asked for it to be cooked medium... when it came out it was RARE as can be and it in my opinion was disgusting... it actually made me LITERALLY SICK like no joke.... 

The only reason I'm giving it any stars is because my husband said his panini was okay and actually the White pizza was pretty freaking good... so maybe its a hit or miss... We might go back just to give it a whirl one more time... and maybe the review will change... but for now.. I have a bad taste in my mouth.... OH and the prices are pretty freaking good during happy hour... 5 dollars a plate.... but I ordered a coke... and it was 3 dollars... (no free refills) thats pretty much a rip off... but whatevers~~~ 

We'll see if it gets any better ... maybe we'll give it a try again.. Someday....
We spent Valentines Dinner here. We made a reservation, and our table was waiting for us. This shows excellent service.

Plusses:
+Service is Excellent. We had a great server.
+They serve this great celery, bread, and dip tray to start. I think this is a really nice feature.
+Menu choices are excellent -- standard options for high-end steakhouse.
+Lamb was really good
+Cajun Shrimp Appetizer VERY good. Super unique. Tastey.
+Martinis were good.
+Flemings potatoes are tastey as well, but super rich and cheesy. But, hey...why not?

Minuses:
-Salads are nothing to be excited about. I ordered the Flemings salad, and it was very boring. Boyfriend ordered the Caesar and thought it lacked taste.
-Boyfriend ordered the ribeye. He thought it didn't standout compared to others he has had. Boyfriend would definitely agree with Denise Q...as I write this her review is right next to mine, and we said the same thing!
-No beer. I know it is a wine bar, but they have no beer on tap, and I think they only had Sam Adams. Beer isn't ghetto anymore.

Overall...solid 4 stars. We spent $190 including tip just the two of us (no dessert).
I thought it was great, everything was top notch. Truly a great night out. It is expensive but well worth the price. The food is excellent.
Excellent watering hole in the middle of Harvard Square.  We went there during the Head of the Charles race, so it was busier than heck.  They had a special menu for food and it was obvious they were busier than a one-armed paper hanger.  Still, the staff was friendly and efficient and we had a super time.

Their beer selections are outstanding.  From Abita, all the way from New Orleans, to several Maine microbrews, to Guinness on tap.  Awesome beers.

Their outside seating is outstanding for people watching and enjoying the wonderful sights of Harvard Square.
I used to live close to Napa Valley Grille. I've had happy hour here many times, as well as a couple of their entrees. Honestly, the entrees are not that great. The chicken I got from here was very bland. The duck was just okay, nothing spectacular. Considering the ambiance and gorgeous decor of the restaurant, I expected much better.
    They do, however, have great Happy Hour specials. I highly recommend the honey glazed ribs (if they still have them), the chips, garlic fries and most of the other items on the menu.
Small, cute, chill spot. Small intimate tables which fit the size of the small plates nicely and also perfect size to make it easy to have conversation with the person across from you. They have this chalk board wall that has their menu of wines...very charming also. The service is great. The servers are very knowledgeable, attentive and friendly.

I had their seared scallops and white pizza. Both were amazing. The scallops were very flavorful. The white pizza was unbelievably good and it was this plate that impressed me. The pizza crust was slightly fluffy and still crispy enough on the outside. The pizza had plenty of melted cheese in every bite. Their wine is also great and it compliments the food very well. Can't remember which one I got, but it was a red wine that the server recommended. 

I really enjoyed this place and I can't wait to try it again!
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE:
Fleming's is a retail chain store restaurant masquerading as a high-end custom restaurant featuring steaks. Please do not expect this to be a worthwhile experience. The prices you pay only make it worse. Fleming's is owned by OSI Restaurant Partners out of Tampa, FL that owns Outback, Roy's and several others. 

SERVICE:
Corporate policymaking served right to your table. When I asked about my salmon main course the manager was glib, patronizing, and wholly uncompromising. The waiter was nowhere to be found most of the time.

FOOD:
Overpriced Menu in proportion to food quality ($30 for a tiny portion of salmon), Average steaks (bone-in ribeye was overcooked), Embarrassing portions (the salmon consisted of two 2 x 2 inch pieces of fish floating on an oil soaked dollop of vegetables), Flavorless overcooked mains and side orders (How hard is it to cook asparagus anyway?)

SUMMARY:
This is really not fine dining nor a high end steak house. I can honestly say it was one of the most disappointing and mediocre dining experiences I have had in recent memory. That it calls itself a high-end steakhouse demonstrates a masterstroke of corporate marketing. Houston's (Hillstone Restaurant Group) puts this place to shame at prices that are 33% less.

BOTTOM LINE:
Fleming's is a joke - so don't go. I will make sure my friends, colleagues and clients don't go either.
Tried Napa Valley Grille for happy hour and dinner. We ordered bugers and skewers, I was surprised by how small the servings were. The food wasn't great either. I think it's pretty pricey for mediocre food and small portions. We didn't want to be rude so we stayed seated, even if Palomino's was only a few minutes away by foot. After eating at Napa Valley, everyone was still so hungry, that we went to In N Out to fill up our stomachs.
I have to say I was unprepared for the Granada. Being a bit hard to find, and led down a narrow arrow, how could I help by wonder? This is it! I was told and peeked through a narrow doorway into a living room or was it more like a parlor? Maybe there were both?The setting was shadows and opulence layered with artful simplicity. I oozed into my comfy parlor chair, settled over our antique cocktail table.The Old windows fully open over the street, so it really feels your a part of things, while still having an intimate meal. Speaking of... we have not had such a great meal in I don't know how long. The carnitas cubano was over the top. Fresh, flavorful carnitas, sweet caramelized onions, fresh local goat cheese, and some sort of seasonings - grilled to perfection! HANDS DOWN: the best sandwich I've had in years!  
The Dolmas were just a delicious. NOT those usual fat, cold suckers; these are thinly rolled into the shape of a thin cigar, stuffed with lamb and cheese, and browned before serving. The yogurt dill sauce adds a nice balance to the contrasting flavors,

Their wines are well chosen and the coffee is spectacular. Had to pass on dessert, but I'll be back.

Great place to take your guy or girl.
I was satisfied with my visit to Biba. There are a lot of similarities with Tria that I enjoy. There aren't as many items on the menu, but the selections were well planned. With a smaller menu it was actually easier to order a cheese and meat that complimented the beer I ordered. At Tria I usually take a while to decide.

The interior is amazing. There is such a warm vibe throughout the restaurant. The wine cellar is located in the middle and definitely draws attention when you first walk in. I think its an odd location to have a wine bar, there isn't much going on at that part of Walnut.

There was only one problem that I had with Biba. The clientele that came in was really annoying. I'm usually not bothered with other people while I'm enjoying a restaurant and I can just ignore it. Biba on the other hand... it is very close quarters and it became very loud after more people showed up. I can't ignore the fact that my roommate and I needed to shout back and forth to have a conversation. The atmosphere was very chill until it turned into a frat party. 

Basically if you enjoy Tria and happen to find yourself in University City, Biba is a solid selection. There is probably a time of the night when its not so crowded and full of flying napkins and fart jokes... so I'd suggest going then.
wow, finally a low-key place to grab a drink with classmates near usc other than cafe two-nine :p the wine was tasty and reasonably priced, and the service was great. there's also a few beers on the menu for the non-wine drinkers in your crowd. they seem to have some fun ideas on the menu...like an all-you-can-eat steak special, if i remember correctly?! nice to have some additions to the usc neighborhood.
Amazing. 

Had a little Reserved sign at our table to make us feel welcome and a little VIP-ish (as silly as it sounds). 

Had the Scallops (AMAZING), Bruschetta (the garlic/pesto was yummy), Prosciutto, Artichokes, and the Eggplant Pizza (awesome with a nice little kick). Everything was awesome and delicious.

Service was great, the Chianti our waiter recommended was yum, and my Fischer beer was perfect. 

Definitely a good meal. A+++++++++ Will come back again!
This place tends to get a bit crowded as it's relatively small, and I would never bother coming here during a rush hour on a weekend. However, if you DO happen to get a table, it's a very lovely atmosphere with a unique menu. I brought my father here and he was very disappointed, as it's not the traditional southern Italian food that you might think of as "Italian" but rather northern Italian pastas and salads. Just a warning. 

Anyway, it's a bit pricey for a bowl of pasta, but no where in Princeton is cheap, so there's no avoiding the price. The portions are very modest but it almost feels like this place caters to a crowd watching their weight, or at least a crowd very conscience of what goes into their body-- not that I mind that attitude, in fact i almost admire it. The food is local and the bread is delicious. 

Overall, this is a solid choice for a night out in Princeton. Elegant service, good food, and reasonable prices.
There are many reasons why I keep going back to this place. Two worth mentioning: Service and wine selection.

The service here is exactly what you would expect of a respectable restaurant on Main Street.  Everyone is all on the same page- hostess, server, bartender. They are all courteous, well-informed, and knowledgeable. One particular Bartender, I think his name is Michael (I could be wrong), recommends great wines.  He's made great recommendations in the past that if he told me to drink cow piss, I just might.

Selection: Go to their website and see their pages and pages and pages of wine list. 

The food is wonderful. The menu is very fresh and eclectic. I have never had a bad dish here. Don't go to this place looking for ridiculously large portions.
When we first arrived it was pretty slow and the service was really good. Once things picked up that changed really fast. What was fast, efficient, and friendly became slow and less personal. There is nothing more frustrating than wanting more and having trouble flagging someone down. I could swear the servers ignored attempts to get their attention. 

That being said the food was very impressive. Everything was cooked well and had a lot of flavor.
The food is great, although on the pricey side, but the service is definitely worth it!  It's casual and relaxed, but still a fine dining experience.
We decided to try this place out because we wanted to celebrate my friend's 21st birthday, and we also knew of a promotion for 15% off and free dessert for the week. 

The restaurant is a small, cozy place that doesn't fit too many people. Thank goodness we made a reservation in advance, though. I snuck in a cake to the chef so that they could bring it out lit up at the end of the meal. 

Food was awesome, though the portions were pretty small. Prices increased to $8/plate, or 3 for 21. I think it would be ideal to get one item from the appetizers (perhaps the balsamic garlic pesto bruschetta - delicious!!), one from the hot dishes (burger, panini, or chicken), and dessert! That should be enough for two.

Anyway, this place really had awesome service. They were apparently unfamiliar with the promotion, but they were so nice about it and just gave us the deal and free dessert, PLUS they brought out our lit-up cake, cut it up and served it on nice individual plates for us, all free of charge. Also, we had a party of 7, but they didn't charge us gratuity, which was nice. Keep in mind that this place was crowded, and there were at least two parties waiting to be seated, but the server still let us take our time and enjoy celebrating my friend's 21st.

They are really considerate here, and I was amazed so much that I just created a yelp account and am writing this review, even though I have two finals to study for this week.

Anyway, if you're in the area, definitely stop by and check it out!
I really love Bacaro! My most recent visit was for Shelley W's most excellent Yelp Wine Club event. First, kudos to my dear friend Shelley for putting together such an amazing event! Second, kudos to Santos and Danny for the great food, wine, and service. Everyone has already written great reviews of the UYE and the menu, so I will make this review my ode to the Bacaro Burger.

The Bacaro Burger experience is very visceral. It is at once emotional and sensual...and maybe even a little bit sexual. As there has been much pooh-poohing of the use of the terms "orgasm," "foodgasm," and "yumgasm," I will refrain from using the aforementioned in this review. 

Imagine sitting in a wine bar with good friends...you are a little tipsy, laughing, talking, and having a great time. In the distance your eye catches sight of a hot guy. He is a tall, dark, handsome, hunk of man and he is looking at you. Your eyes meet and you feel a small jolt of excitement, but being cool you smile and look away as if you are embarrassed by the attention. You stay cool. You flip your hair a bit, continue talking with your friends, but all you can think of is that guy. Suddenly he pulls up a chair, sits down next to you, and introduces himself. You are thinking this guy is pretty bold...maybe he is just a jerk. Maybe he is just smokin' hot on the outside but shallow and empty on the inside. He buys you a drink...in fact he buys all of your friends drinks...and you start talking. The conversation is really, really, good. Suddenly you realize that an hour has passed and you are face-to-face, inches away from each other, and no one else in the world exists but the two of you. The conversation is amazing! He isn't just good looking on the outside, but turns out to be deep, warm, and fuzzy on the inside...in fact, he is kind of dorky. He loves old movies, comic books, science fiction, cuddling in front of the fire on a rainy day, and he is good to his Mom (O.K. this is my dream man...your mileage may vary...feel free to insert your own dream man/woman fantasy characteristics here.) The night ends, you have a date next Friday, and you are on cloud nine. You are driving home and all you can think about is him.

The Bacaro Burger experience is kind of like that. You are hanging out at Bacaro with friends, having a great time drinking awesome wine and enjoying the cozy ambience. You see the server in the distance bringing your burger and you are thinking, damn, that is one good-looking burger! As it inches closer your excitement builds...your heart beats just a little faster, your mouth begins to water, and you cannot take your eyes off of that hot piece of meat. The burger is placed in front of you and you just stare. You take a couple moments to savor the beauty that is the Bacaro Burger. For a moment you try not to get too excited...what if it looks better than it tastes? You take your first bite and realize it tastes even better than it looks. All conversation stops and the rest of the world disappears...you are one with your burger. You finish the last bite, let out a loud, satisfied sigh, and realize your friends are staring at you. One says, "Dude, next time get a room," and you suddenly realize all of the loud moaning and "nom, nom, nom" sounds were not just in your head. The night ends, you are driving home, and all you can think about is that burger.

Oh, and the beef cheeks with creamy gorgonzola polenta was pretty damn good too!
My husband and I went here for my birthday tonight. It's A2 Restaurant Week, so we took advantage of the three course meal for $25 each not including tax or gratuity. I liked the food because the menu was innovative and fun. My husband had the Scottish Salmon as his main entree and I had the Tandori Amish Chicken. Both were cooked and plated well. My only complaint was that the basmati rice that came with my food was not very good as it was overcooked and mushy.
Other then that, the service was very good. We were seated quickly (we made 6:30 reservations online) and when the entree took a little long, the server brought by some very good bread and butter.  
It was a fun night, you couldn't beat the special price and I would go there again.
On a brief visit back to Ann Arbor, I stopped here with a friend for a quick drink and a bite to eat on a Sunday evening.  This place was not here during our undergraduate days so we decided to check it out.

I liked that they offered 1/2 sized portions because I wasn't looking for a huge meal and the smaller sized plate was satisfying on its own.  I had the cabbage and my friend had the wrapped prawns, which were both light and delicious.

However, I felt the place was overpriced.  Their "Sunday Specials" were not that much of a deal and we opted instead for wine off the regular menu.  Also, my half-portion meal did not seem half-portioned on price.
Vinology is so full of hot air, I'm surprised that its still attached to Main St. My friend and I went in one Saturday night for a drink, and after directing us to the bar, the bar tender refused to serve us with no explanation. I'm guessing that he didn't like my green flowing dress and the star painted on my cheek, but there are many ways to go about telling someone that they don't fit the dress code (of which there is none) that don't involve humiliation. I don't know how the food and wine is, though I've heard that the food is mediocre, but I do know that they are very rude and don't deserve my patronage, or that of anyone who doesn't fit their 'cookie mold,' which apparently involves tones of grey and noses in the air.
The wait can apparently be bad, but not for me tonight.  I just sat at the bar.

I had the misto salad to start - simple, not too heavy on the dressing.  I can't remember the name of the pasta dish I ordered, but it had Italian sausage and smoked mozzarella, along with olives and tomatoes - very good.  The pasta was cooked perfectly.  The nice wine recommendation from the awesome bartender (she also picked the pasta out for me)  rounded out this meal perfectly.  I chose my own dessert... cheesecake with coffee.  This may be boring for Easterners, but I try to pick up some cheesecake whenever I'm east of the Pocono's.

Best of all though was the crazy soft-porn conversation going on next to me.  I was alone - away on business.  And so, apparently, was the couple next to me.  And they were really trying to be a couple too... I thought it was an internet-driven blind date or something.  It got a little sickening when they started discussing each others respective spouses and children.  The kids away at fat camp... the wife's solo trip with the kids... let me tell you, the pasta wasn't the only thing cheesy at the bar.  

"Do you want to get some fresh air," he said to her under his breath...

Absolutely, I thought to myself.  Anyway...

The bartender and I had a laugh...

Try it out... it was definitely worth the trip.
Bacaro LA a great little hideout near downtown and USC. 

Food: Small tapas rule this place. Expect small portions packed with flavor. I always order bread to keep me sated after too many sips of wine.  I recommend the bruschette, paninis, and caprese salad. 

Service: The service is usually good and they remember you after a few visits. Very knowledgeable and will do their best to get you waht you need. A for effort. However, the last time I was there a couple actually walked out because they didn't get service....I didn't know what was up with that. 

WIne & Beer: They have an awesome list of imported beer. I personally recommend the Fischer. Not only are the bottles awesome to play with, but its smooth and crisp. If you want some new, exotic, and exquisitely dark try the Xangu from Brazil. So every visit warrants a new taste of a new wine. I usually ask for a recommendation, but they let you taste some wines before making a decision. HOwever, if you are lucky (sine the seem to ALWAYS run out) order a glass or beter yet a bottle of their Tintero Moscato. Absolutely sweet and delicious. My friends and I liken it to sugar in a cup. It's just a super fun drink. I've ordered too much of this wine in my lifetime. Also Monday's are half off all glasses. So it's simply a steal!

Atmosphere : Quaint. It's hip and cool and some people get stylish when they go, but totally not necessary. Above you is a wine bottle stained glass light fixture, which you don't notice at first, but realize it mid way through the night (it took me 3 visits to realize it). The huge chalkboard wall displays the wine list and maybe even a sketch or two of one of the workers. 

Overall: Great place. Very small, but I never had to wait. If you come in a group come early or try to get lucky. People are friendly and conversations come freely. Worth any drive or casual drop-by if you are in the area.
Stellar establishment. Cool bartender, awesome wines, great food. 

There's an awesome vibe inside. One entire wall is a blackboard with the menu and wine list written across. Along the same wall, behind the bar, is a hand drawn map of Italy. Beyond that is a list of all the servers for the evening complete with caricatures. Along both sides of the narrow room are small wooden tables. I wouldn't recommend coming with a large group.

Props to the bartender Friday night who recommended the Singularis Alentejano, a delicious full bodied red. I could drink the whole bottle. But that's another story.

I love a wine bar with great food and Bacaro has some amazing food. These are all considered small plates, but the portions are pretty big for tapas. There's sufficient variety on the menu to eat enough for dinner.

Grass fed open faced burger on a brioche like bread, topped with a slice of tomato and slathered in a savory aioli. WOW! This rivals some of the best burgers I've had.
Shrimp with spicy sauce, shaved fennel. This was one of the night's specials and was very tasty.
Eggplant pizza with goat cheese and spicy pepper sauce. Squeeze some of the lemon on top for an interesting twist.
Scallops with fried capers, parsnip puree. It was alright but I wouldn't get it again.
Panini with gruyere, beef and walnut basil pesto. Great combination of flavors.
Our 9th annual holiday dinner was at Flemings this year and the overall experience was a plus.. 

YAY:
#1 the service was great! everyone was friendly and extremely prompt.  Very knowledgeable and the wine recommendation was perfect.  

#2 The Champagne infused cheese spread was excellent.. I want the recipe please!

#3 The TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO was the BEST I've ever had.. I would come back here just for this.

#4 The Fall Prix menu was actually pretty good.. (but not comparable to Ruth's Chris Restaurant week menu) The bf ordered the Fleming's Chopped Salad which was alright.. then the Crackling Pork Osso Bucco which i thought the glazed was delicious and went very well with the mashed sweet potatoes.  But the best part of the menu would be the Dark Chocolate Mousse Cake with whipped cream.. yum!

#5 yay for the valet.. b/c we rarely see a female attendant i'm all for equal opportunity hehe 

NEY:
I ordered one of the day's special .. lobster and filet mignon - the lobster was cooked perfectly but the filet was definitely over cooked.. i was a bit disappointed considering steakhouse is in the name of the restaurant...  

Like I said.. the overall experience was great.. we had a good time.. it wasn't really the "romantic" atmosphere was expecting from all the reviews.. but rather loud and reminded me of a family get together hehehe I would definitely come back and try the 5 For $6 'Til 7.

We placed our reservation online and received a $25 credit off our bill plus the gift certificate from Costco made the dinner a great value.
Really enjoy pizza tasting night, you get a nice variety of pizza that has the most craziest toppings. One of my favorites is the fig and bacon pizza, which was salty and sweet making it savory.

It's a fairly small place but they are able to pack everyone in. Unfortunately you are really close to other diners and sometimes it gets really loud. I really enjoy the food here, but I just can't stand sitting so close to other diners. I prefer a more private setting.
Very quaint and small place, and awesome. :D Half off all glasses of wines on Mondays. The food here is tapas style at a decent price. I absolutely love the crostini, especially the gorgonzola/date/honey one. The pizzas are individual sized, and the ham panini was rather tasty.

Owners seem to know their wine list pretty well, too. Feel free to ask them for suggestions.

Very friendly service, especially since they closed before we decided to leave (oops), but no hurry with the check or pushing us out.

Close to SC, and definitely a place I'll frequent from now on. Mmm wine + cheese love.
yes, i know this is a steak place, but i ordered the lamb chops.

i'm glad i did.

those lamb chops were perfectly cooked and so juicy.
big portion too.
i never have enough space to finish my food, but i definitely ate all of those lamb chops.
it took me a lot of restraint to not pick up the bone and eat it. (ok, i lied, i did it, but i couldn't help it! it was THAT delicious)

chocolate lava cake was also quite tasty!
Service here is top notch.  Having reservations for a special occasion is nice because the hostess will give you a friendly remark about the occasion.  It also gets pretty busy here on random nights as the La Jolla "three martini lunch" crew charges their dinners to the expense accounts.

Our hero had their corn chowder, beef wellington, key lime pie, and sampled some of their fillet mignon as well.  Although the mains are excellent, the chowder and the pie were somewhat lacking.  The only real kick to the chowder was a crisp piece of bacon it was served with.  As for the desert, it was definitely not worth their high prices and even with a generous side of whipped cream didn't taste that fresh.

The steaks here are pretty superb, and it was a shame the sides didn't match up to the high bar set by the core entrees!

PROS:
- Great selection of USDA prime beef cuts.
- Nice date ambiance.

CONS:
- Parking is a bit of a pain, and valet is $7.
- Plating is simple and fairly uninspired.
- The food wasn't particularly memorable outside of the main courses.
This place has a pretty good happy hour (everyday before 7)! We got calamari, ahi tuna, and burgers for $6 each! The bartender had excellent service, and the food was tasty! I do wish I tried their steak, though, as the burgers were good but I don't think they really stood out from a burger restaurant - hence the three stars. If I come back and get wowed by their steak, maybe my opinion will change :)
Every time I've been to Cova for dinner, I've had something that blew my taste buds out of the water. They change their menu constantly (I've never had the same thing twice) but I've never had anything I didn't like out of the four times that I've visited. It's completely evident when you have a meal here that the chef knows what he's doing; as a general rule, the plates are composed, balanced, creative, and well-plated. Frankly, I was surprised that the dishes seemed so well thought out, because it's really easy for a place listed as a wine bar to leave menu items as an afterthought. And don't dare skip dessert -- in addition to your standard ice cream, etc, there's always one creative twist on a classic (for example, white chocolate cherry bread pudding). I've picked the creative one every time and it was worth every last calorie.  

My one minor criticism was the shrimp risotto. The problem? It was just okay and there wasn't much plating. When the other dishes make you close your eyes in happiness, "just okay" seems like a big contrast. 

They also have very reasonably priced wine flights that change from time to time, which is great if you like variety. Highly recommend Cova for, let's say, a third date. 

I also had my bridal shower in their wine room, which was perfect for a small, sophisticated cocktail party of around 15-20 people.
Great food, thoughtfully prepared and presented.  Service was attentive. Wine bar looks interesting.
4.5 stars

The food here is amazing.  Quality ingredients.  Wonderful flavors. Good wine selection.  Very exciting menu ideas that you wouldn't find anywhere else.  Everything was cooked perfectly. We came during happy hour and got about 5 plates.  Bacaro serves small plates, not full entrees.  So keep that in mind when ordering. I liked the pizza and the scallops the most. 

Why not 5 stars?  Although I like the decor and ambiance, the restaurant is ridiculously tiny. It's really only meant for parties of 2-4 and all the tables are close to each other.  So don't say anything you wouldn't want the guy sitting next to you to hear. 

Can't wait to come back to try other things!
What's great about this place?

- The food
- The wine
- The ambiance

What sucks about this place?

- THE SERVICE

I've been here twice already and each time I've had HORRIBLE SERVICE. The first time we waited for almost 2 hours for a seat and during those two hours the workers didn't even acknowledge us. In fact, the only time they spoke to us was when they grunted for us to get out of their way. The eventually gave us a menu so we could drink some wine during our wait, but that was about an hour into our wait.

The second time I went, it wasn't crowded at all. Things were looking better already. The service was fine for about half of our meal, but once people started to file in, the service was HORRIBLE. By the time our waiter came to take our order again (we had told him that we were going to order again) we were already feeling less hungry due to the 20 minute wait. Did I mention the workers there all look like they hate being there?

I can understand that as a very popular business with very little space it's hard to provide good service...but seriously. If you notice that people are getting that upset that often, you should sit your employees down and think of ways to improve the service.

Honestly, I don't think I'll be going again unless someone pays for me to go there. The horrible wait and horrible service can't be canceled out by some great (but overpriced) food and drink.
I went here today with my coworker for Happy Hour. Happy Hour is from 3-11p on Sundays and we arrived around 4:45p. I parked at a meter right in from of the restaurant which is $1, for 2 hours max. There is also valet in the front for $4. Since dinner doesn't start until 5p, the restaurant was empty except by the bar. There are tables bythe bar which is seat yourself style. Luckily there was 1 table open for us to sit, since my coworker is too young to sit at the bar. 
After a few minutes our waitress Alex came and took our order. We ordered 2 fish tacos for $2.50 each, 2 Natural Beef Sliders for $2.50 each, the veal steak and frites for $7, and the mac n cheese for $4. I also had a glass of the Red Apple Orchard Sangria for $5.
After about 10 mins our food came out. The fish tacos were good, but it had a really spicy chipotle sauce on it, so if you dont like spicy food then you wouldnt like the tacos, or I guess just the sauce. The beef sliders were really small, i was just buns, meat and cheese, but it tasted pretty good with the sauce the was on the plate. The veal was cooked well, but it kind of had a burnt taste that I didnt like, but my coworker liked the burnt taste. I asked for steak sauce to see if it would mask the burnt taste, but it didnt. And the steak sauce they gave me was kind of weird, the consistency was watery, not thick like steak sauce and the color was really dark, it didnt even taste like steak sauce. But the garlic and Herb fries that came with the veal was really good, actually my fave thing of all the food. The mac n cheese was ok, I didnt really care for it, it wasnt bad, just not good. The sangria was probably the worst sangria Ive ever had, and I have tried sangria at a lot of places, in Spain and in America. I thik the cinnamon is what made me not like it.
Throughout the whole meal, our waitress never really checked on us, she didnt ask if I wanted another drink or even refill my friend's water. So after eatig I just asked for the bill, which was $28.54, and I only left $3 for a tip since her service wasnt great.
In all, the place was pretty mediocre for me, with high prices. It reminded me alot of Palominos which is right across the street.
I am such a fan of this place, my steak is always perfect. 
Service is always wonderful and the only think i dislike is their parking situation.
Happy hour is two hours long at the bar, awesome appetizers and great deals on drinks.
I've been to Shay's two or three times. I like the fact that it's a beer and wine only bar and that it has a basement atmosphere... maybe because it's kind of in a basement haha. Anyway, it's a fun spot to chill with some friends and relax. There's an outside area which I have not had the pleasure to enjoy, but I plan on going back when it's nice out to take advantage of that! Actually I wanna go back sooner than that. Maybe this weekend?
Unfortunately, a disappointing experience. 

Went for dinner on strong recommendations that Sole had great food, great wine selection, and great ambiance. 

The wine selection was indeed extensive. The Saturday night crowd was a blend of casually dressed diners and those who obviously were out for a special occasion. The soft-lighting, exposed wood beams, warm colors, and wine racks, made me think I had come to the right place for a delicious, relaxed meal. (The patio looked particularly enticing.)

But then the food came out. 

The presentation struck me first. My husband's steak was stacked on top of a half-yellowed piece of broccoli and a few other whole veggies. Not the most appetizing plate to look at. 

 My roasted chicken stuffed with goat cheese and sun-dried tomatoes sounded mouth-watering on the menu, but when it came out it was underwhelming. A dollop of garlic mashed potatoes (the best thing on the plate) with a heap of limp greens and an anemic piece of chicken. (Granted, chicken is not the most exciting thing to order on a menu, but goat cheese is my weakness.) I do not mind spending a lot on a great meal, however I definitely did not feel that my dish was worth the 27 dollar price tag. 


Dinner did end up on a good note, though - with a deliciously rich piece of chocolate truffle cake. A decent dessert and a good cup of coffee can cover a multitude of dining sins. 


Perhaps my high expectations doomed the place from the start, but I left with little desire to return any time soon. I wouldn't tell someone not to go to Sole, but I'd give a more cautious endorsement than the friends who so strongly recommended it to me in the first place.
The Happy Hour menu is no longer as wonderful or worthwhile as it previously was. What a shame! I ordered Korean Barbeque wings and was disappointed with how much I received for the price. The drink portion has also been minimized. A few notable drinks remain such as the Raspberry Mojito and $3 beers, but be warned you get what you paid for...
Love. Love. Love. 

My only complaint is that they don't have many west coast wines (oregon and california)!! Otherwise, I heart Biba. Prices are reasonable. Service is great.
Our favorite date night steak!  $$$$$
Hands down one of the best eateries in the USC area. The ambiance is great. It's a small restaurant with few seats. It's quiet, the tables are small and it's dimly lit, so you get an intimate experience with whoever you're out with. Bacaro experiments with a lot of unique flavor combinations, and executes them consistently well; brie and jalapeo and bacon pizza? Yes please! The food is somewhat tapas style - smaller portions that encourage you to order multiple different dishes and share with others at your table! The beer and wine lists are excellent as well - this is the closest place to USC with a decent selection. I always recommend the Chimay to those who have never had it - a premier import that is well worth the cost. Some fo my other favorite dishes are the always popular Bacaro burger, the mac and cheese, and the pork belly skewers.
One of my favorite places in Ann Arbor. The atmosphere here is great. You walk in and truly feel like you are in somewhere other than Ann Arbor. Everything is modern and sheik. The wine selection is amazing and on Sunday they have half off bottles of wine! You can't beat that! I LOVE the tiger shrimp dish there - crispy kataifi wrapped, hominy corn and goat cheese polenta, spicy pear vinaigrette.

However, notice it is now a spicy pear vinaigrette. It used to be tomato and basil. I did NOT like this very much and ordered without noticing the change. The polenta and shrimp were still amazing. Looks like I need to branch out and try something new! My friend got the tri-tip pizza and it had mashed potatoes on it! Delish!
Average, meh, average, meh...

Should have walked across the street to palomino.

Soup was great, everything else- lackluster to say the least.  

Ahi salad for example sucked and was expensive.
One word: EXPENSIVE. 

The ambiance and service are great. The food is pretty good. But, it's really pricey. All the entrees are a la carte meaning they come with nothing, so you have to order (and pay) for any sides you want. I had the Prime Rib and was disappointed (it was nothing of House of Prime Rib caliber). But, the side dishes were much better. We ordered the Onion Rings and the Baked Potato (which was HUGE and came with all the toppings) and these were quite excellent. The boyfriend ordered the Seared Ahi Tuna, which was also good. And the dessert sampler that came with miniature sized desserts was both nicely presented and delicious.

I guess I ordered the wrong thing. But, it IS a steakhouse...
Shay's is a small, dumpy bar that a good place to have a drink and chat with your mates. It's probably my favourite pub in Harvard Square as it reminds me a bit of old pubs back home in Ireland or and auld  Shebeen somewhere.  And they have a decent wee outdoor seating area, but if you don't smoke it might be a bit smoky.

The beer selection isn't bad; a combination of American, Irish, British, & various European brews. I usually drink Paulaner here, a decent German wheat beer that comes in 26oz bottles that packs a punch, so don't drink 'em too fast. And they have a variety of  Samuel Smith's beer; a premium English beer, their Stout and Ale are surprisingly good (and should be at the price). However, don't expect them to pull you (pour) a decent draft Guinness. So beer and wine it is, no hard stuff here, so if you want hard liquor or spirits head up the street.

They also have a basic food menu, and a really decent huge burger.
This is my first visit to the Palo Alto location, but I've always found my steak (prime new york strip) to be very well prepared in all my visits to the various Fleming's locations over the years.  

The average dinner ticket per person will run about $80 (appetizer, steak, wine, tax) before tip.  My one cost saving tip is to order the Pretty Sally Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon by the glass (~$8), if you're into red wine.  If you can get past the effiminate name, I think it's pretty comparable to the other quality red's on the list in the $15-$25 range.  

Fleming's is actually a restaurant concept of Outback Steakhouse.  That may be a demerit to some, but I find this fact as the source of the restaurant's consistency and value proposition (quality steaks & setting at relatively affordable fares).  

To put into perspective, I think of this place as Capital Grille's less flashy brother.
We made our first (but certainly not last) visit to Toast during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, and all I can say is that we're in love with the place.  From the moment we walked out of a cold January rain and into a romantic, cozy room dressed in wood and deep reds, I was sold.  I felt like I had suddenly come into possession of a fabulous log cabin hideaway, and was having dinner with my husband as we holed up against the elements, armed with plenty of wine and good food to protect us from whatever vicious weather lurked outside the door.

We opted for the Restaurant Week special, which was a discounted tasting menu, served with a wine pairing.  The menu was four courses long, and each of us got a different plate for each round.

What I loved about this was the element of mystery.  We could hear words being tossed around in the kitchen behind us, which only built up the excitement, but we had no clue what would really be delivered to us until it was in the waiter's hands.  I tried desperately to guess based on the selection of silverware that was brought out for each round, but I think our waitress started giving us extra pieces to throw us off.

Round one was shrimp and grits for me, and frog legs for my husband.  I loved both of these dishes (we decided to switch plates halfway through each course so we got to maximize our tastings), and what I loved even more was that without a surprise-filled tasting menu like this, I would probably have never branched out and tried them.

Round two was a cauliflower soup with lump crab and a Caesar salad.  We also had a basket of warm, soft bread with whipped butter on the side and something sweet baked into each slice.

Our main course was a hangar steak with mashy sweet potatoes and cauliflower in a sweet reduction, and salmon with beans and lentils.  While I admit that it was hard to swap plates on this one because I was so crazy about the tender, juicy hangar steak, I was also pleased with the salmon.

Dessert brought mini cheesecake bites (imagine that a cheesecake was wrapped inside a crispy funnel cake crust, and you'll understand what this tasted like) and a carrot cake bread pudding.  It was the perfect thing to top off the meal.

With each course, we got a new glass of wine, paired to the food.  All in all, since we shared our food, we got to sample eight different courses and eight glasses of wine.  I was totally enamoured.  The service was top-notch, good music playing on the overhead speakers, and the atmosphere was perfect.  Without a doubt, we will return.  I do recommend getting reservations (you can do it online with OpenTable), because the seating area is small and intimate, and I can imagine they book up early on weekends especially.  So glad we picked Toast to kick off Restaurant Week!
Great wine selection
Good happy hours pricing
Upscale ambiance
Friendly service
Definitely a great spot to hang out in. Being a nacho connoisseur, I immediately ordered the nachos with salsa, beans and jalapenos - good decision! It was absolutely delicious. =)

The wait staff is nice, which is actually pretty remarkable for Boston. The inside of Shay's feels cozy and clean; a little dark, but definitely not sticky, which bars in Boston seem to be by default. 

The outside seating is great, and you will usually end up having really interesting, unusual people sitting around you. This helps conversation and spices up the place. One thing about the outside seating - it's not very spacious, so you will probably end up with a decent amount of second hand smoke making its way into your lungs. Apart from that, the porch is sweet. 

Overall, I would rate this probably one of the top two places in Harvard Square to have a beer in.
This place makes a great burger and fries, nicely seasoned and hits just the spot. The beer is cold and the wine is flowing. It get's pretty packed in the evenings and it's hard to find a table outside at that time, but they serve lunch and it makes for a good people-watching place to sit outside and have a few drinks.
How do I not have a review of this place already? 3.5 stars officially...I really like this place even though there is a line for dinner even if you call ahead. They do a great job with the chicken making it moist which many restaurants don't do such a great job of that. I wish they had better apps and desserts. The service could be faster...but for that niche in the market the quality and pricing is great.
OK Flemings earns it for the Happy Hour which is one of the BEST I have ever been too!  Sold on the BURGER and WOULD pay $15 - the regular price for it!
Service was awesome.
I did attend a company dinner here a few weeks back and have to say the filet was to die for. 
so there you have it!
I haven't had this good a burger in years....it was a great dive bar, but not ratty at all.....good pub
The brie and bacon pizza, crostini plate, cauliflower, bread pudding and Falernia wine are all reasons why I can't wait to go back again. I highly recommend Bacaro. The plates are small so order lots, and family style is the best way to get a taste of everything.
The Venison is fantastic. Served with a huckleberry sauce, pair it with a good pinot noir, preferably from Willamette Valley, for perfection.
Very Impressive Ambiance, well trained staff, and the food was excellent - just like "Al Forno", and you can never go wrong when replicating Al Forno's menu.

I recommend eating upstairs, with nice westerly views of the Providence River.  There is one huge blank wall upstairs (north wall), that could use some Tuscan countryside murals, (or something creative) to give one the feeling of eating in Cortona, or another Tuscan village, but I'm sure Brian will figure that out in time...  

Much of the food was perhaps too much like Al Forno...  The Pizza Margarita, Caesar Salad, Scallops and mashed potatoes were clearly taken from Al Forno's menu.  I was hoping to find more of a variance from the restaurant that Brian trained in, and ran, for so many years, but  I guess I can understand how a chef will do what he knows.  I was just very surprised with the menu similarities, and in some cases, identical duplications...  

The quality of food, and food preparation was as excellent as I expected it to be.  I'd just recommend to Brian to lose the Al Forno signature dishes and show us more of his own originality, which I'm sure he has...
This is probably one of my favorite places in Princeton.  The food is very fresh and the place on the inside is very comfortable.  I would typically sit at the bar and get whatever the special was and can say I was never let down.  The staff is very helpful and friendly which is always a plus.  But I can't say I tried one of the pizzas but they always looked really good coming out of their ovens, and seemed pretty popular.
Not impressed the food is over rated and sub par, I wouldn't step foot into this establishment ever again. 

The Critic.
I had the best prime rib in my entire life here. Bar none. At all. The menu said 16 ounces, but I assumed that a good chunk of that would be fat. But no. There was just enough fat for the size of the steak, but there was so much meat! So tender, too. I could rhapsodize about this steak for months. 

It was a really good deal, too. I had a prime rib dinner, available on Sundays, and included was a salad, a side, and a dessert. My wedge salad was very fresh and not overdressed. I got the sauteed mushrooms, which were average, but my dad got the onion rings, which were quite yummy and retained their crunch. And for dessert the molten chocolate cake and the fruit tart, both of which were pretty good, but by that time I was pretty much bursting with food. 

The service was only decent, though.

The entire meal - salad, side, steak, dessert - was $40. Good deal? I think so, yes.
Last night I had a whole wheat pasta and an anchovy pizza. Total was ~ $32, including 20% tip $40. 

I had (nicely) asked for the fourth slice of pizza plus the remaining bread on the table to be taken with me. Right now it is 1:30 am and i'm hungry and there's no bread in the paper bag.

I'm not a fussy diner but that means details like these are kind of critical for practical reasons. If the staff can't grant certain requests, they really need to say so.
This place is AMAZING for happy hour. There are 6 drinks and 6 appetizers for $6 each, and they are all amazing.  Especially the burger, which is incredible. The burger has peppered bacon, cheese, and is on an amazing brioche bun.  

The burger is huge and comes with 2 giant onion rings. Its an amazing dinner for $6. If you are feeling especially hungry, share another appetizer with someone else (I recommend the bbq shrimp, or the brie in a pastry).  

I especially recommend the "skinny" cocktail, which is really tasty.

The servers are super nice, which is great.
Food was great, but they forgot our order. Unprepared for restaurant week.

We waited a really, long time.  And even once they got things going they could have done more to make up for the mishap.
First impression.  Totally ooh la la romantical inside.  I felt like I was meeting a french lover and we would sit closely and feed each other croissants.  
,
I was, in fact, not meeting my french lover, but some fab yelpers for a new dining experience.  They did not feed me anything, but I did enjoy some good food and great company!

Being good little foodies, we had researched the menu (thanks Serena!) and decided to go with the food pairing.  Our waiter was little to no help in actually describing any of the menu items we would receive or up selling the extra $20 wine pairing.  Strike one.

We decided to not do the wine tasting and just choose 2 half glasses.  It was really interesting how they break down the wine servings.  You can buy a 2oz, 4oz, 8oz and bottle.  I actually like that because it encourages you to try different wines you may not be familiar with.  Or be too scared to try and not like for fear of blowing $10 a glass!  

Strike two came as we sat there for a good 20 minutes after our food was ordered waiting for our waiter to come back and ask us what our wine selection would be (hint to business: people who drink spend more money, so hurry it up:).  

We actually had NO clue what kind of food we would receive for the tasting.  Not a good choice for a picky eater.  I applaud those who aren't (and get annoyed at those who are, sorry folks!).  The first course came and it looked as if two people received one dish and two people received another.  I had the angel hair crab pasta.  It was an interesting dish to start with but it was a strong start food wise because the white cream sauce was really tasty.  

The next dish was trout with greens, or it at least looked like that.  I could barely understand the food runner as he literally, ran away.  It was OK.  Nothing memorable...literally because it's the one dish I struggled to remember as I thought back at the four dishes.  

Third dish was the spinach salad with goat cheese and blueberry vinaigrette dressing.  I love when restaurants have interesting salad choices.  A simple salad is just that, simple.  You can add flavor, literally, to any salad with an array of toppings and dressings.  I really enjoyed the uniqueness of this one.  

My last dish was quail with risotto and spinach.  Greens were obviously in high quantity in the kitchen tonight!  I actually thought this was the best dish.  It surprised me because I'm usually not a fan of "chicken" dishes.  It was really tender and flavorful with a ginger reduction sauce.  I also liked the risotto and spinach mix.  The sauce made it really rich and flavorful as well.

Where's strike three you ask?  Well, we waited FOREVER for everything!  Water, wine, meals....Bueller....Bueller??  The saving grace was that someone (server, food runner, manager, busboy...no clue) came out and apologized for the slow service and told us desserts would be on the house.  If you know me, you know a desert can fill a lot of voids in my life.  Maybe even bad service.  

We received a peanut butter ice cream sandwich (YUM!), balsamic ice cream (DOUBLE YUM, surprisingly), rhubarb pie (Ew, too tart) and lemon pie (Ew, too sweet).  The only one on the table left almost in tact was the rhubarb pie.  

Tasting menu's are usually the way to go when you're at a new restaurant and want to sample a bunch of different items.  I almost feel like I may have been better off choosing one item (mac n cheese, I'm looking at you!).  So yes, I'll be back.  Soon?  Not so sure.  And I'll for sure be a one meal kinda woman.  French lover style.
I've only been here once but I really liked this place. I've actually been meaning to go back. It's a bit small, so you have to make sure you get there at a good time. 

The food is excellent. Great bruschettas and various other tapa sized foods. We had the scallops and bacaro burger as well. We enjoyed everything we hate. 

The decor is intimate and kind of small, but it's worth it because it's one of those little places that you actually want to support and also feel like you're getting your money's worth.
A perfect happy hour with your girlfriends with delicious wine and great ambiance!
DISAPPOINTING!  It started @ the bar, the waitress brought my gimlet on the rocks and not up.  Sat down for dinner and they didn't have black napkins.  Crab cakes were good.  Both my BF's and my steak were cooked medium and not medium rare.  Steaks were a bit dry and not very juicy and flavorful.  Garlic mash was good.  The waitress suggested a delicious pinot noir.  Belle Gloss.  Chocolate Lava Cake was delish!
I'm not sure why Carrboro/Chapel Hill can't seem to get the wine bar dynamic right.  My previous roommate's friend deemed this place "Glass Awful" even before it opened, and I've been here enough times to say that it pretty much lives up to that billing.

The food is overpriced (under-portioned) tapas; the wine is nothing special - it is infuriating to be given a wine list with the in-restaurant prices and retail prices (there is a small wine store) listed side-by-side (paying $8-12 extra for someone to open the wine for you? no thanks); the wait staff is largely unhelpful; and, perhaps worst of all, the clientele gives the place more of a Southern Village/Meadowmont burgeosie feel than typical downtown Carrboro hippie-chic.  

Can a few entrepreneurs get together and create a chill, dare-I-say hip wine bar without any of the usual, cliched trappings of the West End Wine Bar and this place?  Please?
I blogged about this earlier this year, and it deserved a proper placement on Yelp! While Toast! Kitchen and Wine might not have a lot of reviews, sometimes the city's best-kept secrets are wholly worth the struggle of street parking and unassuming storefront.

Don't let their horrible website (or location on Baum) confuse you -- this place was so quaint and well-deserving of their several Pittsburgh's Best ratings (Best Upcoming Chef, Top 25 Restaurants and perhaps Most Romantic or something). 

The boyfriend and I shared a couple apps: the mac & cheese and the foie gras. Both were served with an unexpected twist -- the mac with a fried egg on top and the foie gras was almost blackened/grilled. Both options were so, so delicious. The foie gras was excellent - especially to eat prepared in a completely different manner, served with beans. Delicious.

I had a salad, while AB enjoyed his Onion Bisque (which had crab in it, so I couldn't taste) for our second course. The salad was prepared to my liking, which included cranberries and walnuts with mixed greens, but if you do not like a TON of dressing on your greens, I would recommend not ordering this (or even asking for less dressing if at all possible). Again, my preference is salads sopped in bleu cheese. Oh, it was so incredibly good.

Our entrees one-upped our first two courses -- EASILY. The menu had many great options in every different fish and meat category -- I selected the suckling pig and AB enjoyed the Mahi Mahi. It was served similar to a cube of pork belly, over steamed carrots and more beans (this time, white). The pig also had a layer of crispy skin to it that totally enhanced the taste. 

I was definitely too full to finish my plate, and there was not even the tiniest bit of room for a dessert.
The pork chop here is a thing of beauty. Nice wine list and friendly service.
My husband and I thought the food was fantastic. Nice ambience and service as well. Would definitely go back.
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for late night happy hour. I did enjoy myself both times though I would pick Napa Valley Grille more for the ambiance than the food.

I sat in the outdoor patio for both meals which is just wonderful. During the day you can enjoy the sunshine and relax watching others and at night, the heat lamps are perfect to enjoy wine on the couches. The happy hour was a pretty good deal as well, good wine for $6 and great snacks. 

Enjoyed the food, especially the complimentary bread and garlic spread. Nothing to knock your socks off but good food and a great ambiance.
So I was off work (I freelance for Bobbi Brown Cosmetics) from Bloomingdales this past saturday and had my husband come to pick me up, and in my crazy day, i never got a break or ate so I saw Wine and Steak and told my husband we were eating there! 

We were not dissappointed, in the least. Our server was great, I wanted more blue cheese for my wedge salad, no problem. He even suggested the crumbles for my baked potato. My husband and I shared the filet Mignon and it was divine. One of the best steaks I've ever had. The cream of spinach was good too, topped with parmigiana which I love. 

Lastly we were pleasantly surprised to see they had a molten chocolate cake which was soooo pefect, not too rich and came with our own bowl of fresh whipped cream, and 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream!!

OMG I can't believe we hadn't been there yet! I worked at Nordstrom for 2 years and never went! So anyhow we're totally going back as often as the budget allows, for at least some red wine and the molten chocolate cake!!
I am a die hard Tria fan, so I was anxious to try Biba since it opened.  My impression was mixed...  it's small inside, and decorated similarly to Tria.  I liked the clear wine display in the back (would love to have one if my house, if I ever kept wine around long enough to display it).

The location is awkward though.  It's a long walk if you were at dinner somewhere on the other side of the river.  After a few glasses of wine, we wanted to go elsewhere, but there aren't a lot of options near Biba (it's almost on the Walnut St bridge).  If it were located in center city, I'd be more likely to return.

I was pleased that the wines were all under $10.  The beers however struck me as marked up a bit.
My review is solely based on the service. I didnt get far enough to eat. The service was AWFUL! 2 girlfriends and myself came here for happy hour. They were very unfriendly when finding us accommodations. Not to mention, it took forever for us to get someone's attention to help us. After finally sitting down NO ONE EVER came over to take our order (and we sat there for quite a while). We watched 2 women walk in and sit down across from us and be served IMMEDIATELY. After seeing that we got up and left. I will never go back to this establishment. Customer service is obviously not something they take seriously. And with their prices, they really should. We walked over to the Melting Pot next door and got GREAT service and had a great meal. I would recommend you do the same.
I go to Eno fairly often (usually eat at the bar) and I can't say that I have ever had anything to eat that was not very good.  However, I do agree that it is an expensive place to eat, even at the bar.  What makes this factor even worse is that, when ordering the small plates/appetizers at the bar, the sizes can really vary and it's hard to be sure how much food you are going to get.  For example, they have a pizza you can order at the bar which is very good and is a good size for a snack/light meal for two or a slightly heartier meal if you add another small plate to go with it.  However, when I ordered the butternut squash tortelloni, it was a tiny portion and we felt ridiculous trying to share it as part of our light meal (we needed two more small plates to make that meal substantial).  Everything is great and very flavorful but you should probably ask about the portion sizes if you are eating a meal at the bar so you are not surprised when it comes out.

When I have eaten at a table in the restaurant, there were no issues with the entree sizes for me.  I have stuck with seafood options on the seasonally changing menu and have always been very impressed.  Again, they are expensive, but I sort of feel that if I am going to pay a lot for it, I want it to be something very good, creative and impressive.  The seafood did not disappoint.  

Eno's desserts are delicious.  This would be a great place for a glass of wine and dessert later in the evening.  I have tried several of the desserts and enjoyed them all: the warm apple crostata, date and espresso cake, and dark chocolate cake.

Since Eno is short for Enoteca which translates to "wine cellar", you would expect Eno to have excellent wine and focus on it, and they do.  They have a very extensive wine selection with many, many interesting and unique options.  I have read reviews here that talk about inexperienced staff but I have to say that my experience has been exactly the opposite.  There is one bartender there who has been serving me wine for seven years and always makes terrific recommendations.  And, the waiters I've had always have given me spot-on suggestions for wines to go with my meals, based on what I say I am looking for.  This is truly one of my favorite things about going to Eno - I always end up trying new wines that I like.  And, I have never had a waiter or bartender who was less than very friendly, pleasant and helpful.

One last point about Eno is that it is in a very pleasant space - it is modern yet it has a warm, earthy feel to it.  My friend and I once decided (after a few glasses of wine) that we would like to live there (if it was not a restaurant, obviously).
I've frequented Flemings plenty of times. Their meats are cooked perfectly, tender and juicy. Good quality stuff. I love their 

- Ribeye, prime rib, and lambchop are delicious!
-- Once, they overcooked my ribeye, not only did the chef personally come out and apologize, but they made me a new one immediately and they comped it. 

- Calamari is made with some type of sweet and sour sauce and cooked bell peppers. It is so much better than regular deep fried calamari. I absolutely LOVE this dish!

- BBQ Shrimp is fairly good. Has plenty of bold flavor.
- Ahi Tuna appetizer is not the best. It may be because I wasn't too fond of their sauce.
- Carpaccio was decent. Nothing really great about it.

Flemings also has happy hour, 5 for $6 til 7pm everyday. It's a great way to try their many appetizers. Don't forget to get the burgers. They are awesome!!! 

CON: Of all the times I've eaten at the bar, I always end up with the WORSE server. Stay AWAY from the short bald guy (Allen Ray?) - he's always rude and his smile is fake. If you want good service in the bar, get the bigger guy (Derek). He's really friendly and energetic. 

Overall, this is my second favorite steak house and I always find it worth while to eat at, despite the one bad server I keep getting.
Happy Hour is Awesome! 

This hole in the wall is difficult to find. Be careful when you are there. Street parking is also difficult during the school year. The server was casual and laid-back, which was agreeable to the ambiance. This restaurant is too small in my opinion, and they should really consider expanding. When you are sitting in the booths, your back my be touching the other person's back. 

Food! My friends and I ordered an array of food. The mac and cheese, as other reviewers have pointed out is too soggy and not flavorful enough. I took note of that before ordering. We ordered the garlic/tomatoes pizza & white pizza. Both were good in their own definitive taste. I personally prefer the first. The burger is a 5 to me. For only $5 during happy hour, I thought the flavors were there, the proportions of meet to patty (btw it is an open burger), the patty was not too soggy, nor was it too difficult to bite into. I also tried the cauliflower (chipotle aioli -great seasoning), also tried the polenta (one dish I probably recommend). 

For a perfect meal, I suggest getting there around 6, to get seating-since it is such a small restaurant. Order either a burger/pizza, and then order polenta. For men, order another one if you are really hungry. 

I would definitely come back again to try the wine!
I had a late meal with two friends one evening after most of the neighboring establishments were closed.  My lasagna made with organic grass-fed beef was a 5-star affair.  The service was pretty terrible -- our server kept forgetting to come back, even when he seemed to be in the middle of helping us.  ("Would you like some fresh-ground pepper with that?  I'll be right back."  He disappeared.)

There were only two draft beer options, and both were pretty tame: Stella Artois and some local summerfest-type beer.

The place is very cheery.  It's designed to make you feel good, and it succeeds pretty well.
Best meal in Pittsburgh so far. The Shrimp and Grits lived up to the hype, delicious, with just a hint of spice. The suckling pig was outstanding, the chipotle mashed sweet potatoes being a particularly stand out accompaniment. My wife's rib-eye was also delicious. The atmosphere had enough energy and the wines were fantastic.
Foodie Alert..........if you would drive 150 miles for a meal then you are a true foodie..  the entire experience was great from beginning to end.
Apps and mains are outstanding.  Wine menu is robust with some very good values and reasonably priced.
We are "hard core NY'ers" and are bringing our peeps!
Amaaaaazing! -- but I've got to admit I found myself wondering what exactly was going on with the neighbourhood/ if I was really, really lost when I got there -- especially given how dark the place looks from the outside.

But no-fear, this is a fabulous, fabulous dining establishment tucked away in a just fine neighbourhood. Granted, you have to parallel park, and I won't recommend jogging around here at 3AM -- but come on, guys. Perspective.

Now on the to the food -- really, really good, and shockingly moderately priced! I (unreasonably hungry) met up with two (also ravenous) girlfriends here on a weeknight, and despite eating till we couldn't anymore, the check was less than $60! For some really interesting, off-the-beaten path small plate dining, this is a STEAL!

Wine list is mostly Old World for bottles, with a couple (apparently rotating) glass (CA/ WA/ OR) picks -- and super great deals on half-off Monday nights. DAMN I wish I lived closer!

Also, extremely vegetarian friendly -- I've got a vegetarian's trained eyes, and don't even pick up on the meaty options, but even my co-diners ended up picking all veggie options all meal, without even meaning too. Granted we got two orders of the beautiful roasted garlic bruchetta and carried the faint aroma with us for the next few days -- but so, so worth it!

So here's what you do -- get a glass of wine, plan on waiting (yes, even on a weeknight). Eat slow, get a few plates at a time, and share -- you'll order a couple times. And love it.
So I haven't actually eaten here before but I've been wanting to ever since I was a little kid (I grew up next to Harvard). Walking by and seeing all the cool college kids sipping beer and eating burgers, it was my dream. Sooo, I plan on coming here ASAP. It's best during summer nights.
My friends and I engaged in a semblance of extreme couponing on a Sunday (a beer, a wine and a cheese at half price) during Dining Days ($15/three courses) recently. That was a ridiculous deal - lemony asparagus, a gorgonzola fig salad (one of my Tria faves), Delice de Bourgogne (cheese of the gods) and a pint of Chester County bitter for under $20. 

The patio is lovely. I wish the chairs inside had backs. The space is sleek and somehow looks bigger than its previous coffeeshop incarnation. Menu-wise, though, it's pretty much Tria lite - lots of wine and a pared down selection of beer, cheese and snacks that you'll recognize from Biba's big sisters. For me personally, Tria makes life worth living, so I'm certainly not complaining - but I can't see much of a reason to seek out this spot when you have two Trias with the same stuff except more of it.
Stumbled in here by chance on a cold day.  Pleasantly surprised by the delicious food and attentive server.  Flavor combinations were very good and reminded me a little of the fig + olive in New York City.  I'm a little dissapointed I don't live closer to it because I would be here all the time! A great addition to the Tria family!
Review for Happy Hour:

We went on a Wednesday night, arriving at 5pm. There were some seats left over...but was filled by 6pm. 

Crowd is more sophisticated - suit & tie or party dresses. 

We ordered the Burger and Crab Cakes, after reading reviews from Yelp. My husband raved about the Burger - it was large with a side wedge salad and 2 large onion rings. The sauce was tasty too.

I had the Crab Cakes...which wasn't as big as many yelped about.  There was large crab lumps and minimal, if any, mayonnaise. It was very good, without being heavy and creamy.

We also requested their table bread - which they served gratis. It's a nice rosemary loaf with 2 spreads.

The wines were decent for Happy Hour. We only saved $1 -2 from the wine, but they are one of the best I've had for Happy Hour. I consider myself a wine snob -- and recommend the Cab and Petite Sirah. Just don't expect amazing, b/c it's the cheapest wine by the glass on their menu.

The service was spectacular. Waitress waited on us and everyone else - but we didn't feel left out.
Carnivores Delight! Awesome steaks. The side dishes are almost as good as the steaks, its hard to decide on them. Excellent wine selection. All the food was severed to perfection.
Went there with wife for a lunch.  They had these grits with the chicken.  The grits were very excellent.  The rest of the food was very good.
The three little burgers are still a very appealing choice at this pleasant restaurant -- there are also other small courses, salads, and nice fish dishes, among others. At dinner with friends, we tried burgers and two of the different fish dishes, all pleasing. The desserts were super, especially the creme brulee. I hope to go back, as the menu appears to be evolving in very positive ways. My friends who have been there somewhat more often say that for a while the prices seemed too high, but have come down to a better value. (Still not cheap, but quite fair).
1) awesome ambiance, great musical taste, cozy
2) walking distance from USC
3) GREAT FOOD
This is the kind of place I was hoping to find near campus - student-budget friendly, hip, fun, and delicious. The crostini are incredibly tasty, especially the belgian endive marmalade one. Their pizzas are delicious, and when I went there was a special mussel dish that was freaking incredible. 
My boyfriend and I aren't huge eaters, and with three dishes and some baguette we left, not stuffed, but totally satisfied. 
and the bill was under $30!!

be warned, on the weekends it can get crowded and its SMALL!
PROS:
1)  Extensive wine list with helpful icon-based flavor descriptions as noted in the previous review
2)  Enjoyable atmosphere
3)  Promising-looking menu
4)  Reasonably priced

CONS:
1)  Dishes were hit or miss with many not meeting expectations based on menu descriptions
2)  Service was overly attentive at the wrong times, and not to be found when truly needed

RECCOMMENDED DISHES:  Berkshire pork loin with cherries, Chocolate Pots de Creme

AVOID:  Gnocchi small plate (honestly the worst I've ever had, it isn't really gnocchi), Waygu steak (for that grade of beef, it should be a much more luxurious and flavorful dish)

ATMOSPHERE:  Somewhat stylish for Ann Arbor but still relaxed.  Somewhat odd mix of techno-like music that didn't really seem to fit, but wasn't too loud.

PRICE RANGE:  Small plates:  $6 - $11.  Main dishes:  $14 - $25.  Glass of wine:  $5 - $15.

BASED ON:  1 visit; party of 4
I just love this place. They have an amazing selection of beers and good wines in stock. They also make a mean snakebite (beer and hard cider) and mulled cider with port. It's a very casual setting for sure, but the staff couldn't be friendlier. For example, when my boyfriend and I went in last night, and they were out of the chicken wings we wanted to ordered, not only did they apologize but they scared up the very last two wings in the place, plated them nicely and gave us a free beer. Also, when we brought our dog and sat on the below street level patio, the staff made sure that he had a bowl of water and plenty of snacks from the kitchen. Plus! The nachos are awesome!
I'm going to say the food is not great here but based on the title you should probably be going for the wine anyways.
I recommend trying the different wine flights if you want to figure out different types of wine. You can get flights that have similar tastes of their special (which might be 4 totally different types). It's a fun place to go if you want try different bottles or go for a tasting event. It is not over price but what you would expect from it. The atmosphere is pretty well suited for the wine tasting and the servers are very helpful if you have no idea what you are doing. I recommend this for a calm night out and not for dinner.
This review is only for Fleming's Happy Hour and PRB (Prime Rib Burger)

I've been here for an actual dinner, but the HH is better than dinner. 

I'll keep it short and sweet. Get the PRB. Hands down. Who the hell cares about anything else on the menu? If you're asking me if anything else is good, of course it's good. But PRB is where it's at. 

MEAT! MEAT! PRB! PRB!
Fantastic!!!  
Loved the food - the Lobster rolls were generous with and the sliders were extremely flavorful!  We unleashed our culinary curiosity and swapped dishes among our foursome (best of all worlds, in my book).  

The wine menu is substantial and they price by the size of the pour.  I love the 3oz option!  I get to sample a bunch of wines and add on to my list of favorites without feeling guilty about not finishing a glass.
The service was great; our waitress was attentive and helpful with our questions; she definitely knew the menu first-hand.

I will definitely be back!
Out of towners, worse picky eater from the West Coast LA area.

In our short stay in Ann Arbor 3 places were recommended, we never made it to #2 or 3 in four days. Even after the wedding we attended nearby, we stopped to get food to go to the hotel for the next day.

We couldnt get enough of anything. Ate there for 5 meals.Kristin and her staff are great. 

If you are frightened off by the new language in menu, please just ask them what they can make for you from what main courses they have. They can mix and match most of the entrees and the sides.
A definite palate plus taste. The wine list and quality are just as great.

Thanks Kristin and staff for making us feel at home in a town we didn't know and were passing through. 
Mike
I really like this place - the ingredients are top-notch and fresh. It has a nice, comfortable ambience and service is usually pretty friendly. Definitely a more affordable bet than some of the other Terra Momo establishments. In short, tastes like a high quality dining experience but at a more wallet-friendly price.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Flemings. The Happy Hour can not be beat. Best burger I've ever had, not to mention its only $6. Delicious White Cosmo - YUM, Ahi is delicious... I've tried almost everything on the Happy Hour menu and everything is great. Staff is friendly and attentive. The manager Brian is always helpful. Would come back every night if I could.
i much prefer fleming's over the nearby donovan's. it's less expensive and less haughty, but still maintains a good fancy-restaurant atomsphere. the service was great and the sides are huuuuge and cheap. 

i ordered shoe-string potatoes as a side, but couldn't finish them. i asked for a to go box, and the waiter brought me a FRESH order of shoe-string potatoes to go! wow!
Just enjoyed my first Ann Arbor restaurant week dinner at Vinology, and it was an fabulous way to start the week. In addition to the 3 courses for $25 special menu, the restaurant also offered a 3 glass wine flight for $13, designed to compliment the courses you chose.  All of the wines were delicious, and the waiter did a great job of answering my one friend's question about why one wine was paired with her entree. 

My food was delicious, possibly the best potato leek soup I have ever had, thick and creamy. The beef sirloin I ordered was cooked perfectly. Great place to enjoy a meal with friends!
the order.
baguette
poached shrimp
burrata
noa's cauliflower
grilled panini
bacaro burger
pan seared scallops
grilled chicken
grilled filet
lamb stuffed eggplant
white pizza
bread pudding

two friends and I went to the happy hour on a monday evening and ordered a majority of the menu, as we were excited to try the tapas. each plate costs 5 dollars during HH. im a fan of happy hours that offer the complete dinner menu at a discounted rate. 

the great thing about bacaro's tapas is that it caters to a diverse palate. all the flavors pull from all sorts of cuisines, which is quite exciting when you're drinking wine. on their part, it shows culinary prowess.

the place is nice but doesn't have that finished look. it still looks like a converted hole in the wall space. the seating was a bit uncomfortable for someone about 5.10 and taller. the tables were a nice  picnic table style touch but were on the narrow side. it would have been impossible to fit all our orders on the table. luckily our plate turnover rate is quite impressive. 

we started off with the baguette, which i felt should be free. it's bread, after all. however i must say the garlic infused olive oil was nothing short of spectacular. paired so well with the fresh baked bread. no complaints about the 2 dollar price tag.

the poached shrimp was a miss for me. the shrimp were delicious and quite plump but the thai style sweet chili sauce didn't really do it for me. but i will say that the dish was well prepared and added to the diversity of our meal. 

the burrata was way overpriced even at 5 dollars. 4 sourdough toasts and cheese. i like the dish but was underwhelmed by the portions. this dish was made for 2 people max. 

noa's cauliflower was unexpectedly delicious. i don't normally eat cauliflower but would more often if it were sauteed like this. the spiced aioli really added a kick to the cauliflower, which by itself is a bland piece of fiber.

the grilled panini was a bit of letdown as well. good portion but small offerings of cheese and meat. there was literally one small slice of roast beef in each mini sandwich. basically, the cheese and meat were lost to the bread. i have no gripes about the flavor. the panini, though a bit over done, was good enough.

the pan seared scallops had two scallops. i love the sauce they used. light, rich and delectable. the scallops were cooked to near perfection. but i hope what they served us was a happy hour portion or else this dish would be extremely overpriced.

the bacaro open faced burger had potential but all of that was lost to the crazy saucing of the item. (ask for easy sauce) i'd personally order this next time medium rare, as they cooked my medium on the well side. and the meat isn't super juicy. adding egg helps the flavor a bit but you won't miss it if it weren't there. 

the grilled chicken had a nice piece of semi-juicy breast. cooked nicely. way too much acid. i had to drink some wine to get this dish down. they need to tame this dish as it was blatantly sour. the jalapenos didn't do much to subside it for me.

grilled filet had nice medium cooked pieces of meat. minimally seasoned just the way i like it. the quality of the meat isn't spectacular, more on the average side. a solid tapas dish. 

lamb stuffed eggplant was good. the crust on the eggplant outshined the ground lamb meat stuffing but the dish goes well with red wine. and if you're a red drinker, you should definitely order this. 

the white pizza was a nice cheese-y pizza. the crust was a bit hard for me but pizza is a must if you come with a group. it's always going to be a crowd pleaser. this wasn't anything special but it was solid pizza with good cheese.
 
the bread pudding was recommended to us by the waitress but wasn't that great. it was just good. it was on the mushy, soggy side. im not a fan of baby food-like items. the vanilla ice cream they served it with was delicious though it was a small tea spoon sized scoop. i wouldn't get this again. 

im not completely in love with this place but i cannot deny that their offerings are diverse and delicious. no single dish was below average for me, which is always a good sign. it's on the pricey side, especially given some dish's serving size. but i think it's worth it if you come with a party of no more than 4; 3 is ideal.

and take advantage of happy hour to take bacaro for a test drive.
Overrated and overpriced. Even with their "$25 off your dinner bill" recession special, our bill for two was still $110 for: 
* petite filet mignon and garlic mashed potatoes 
* bone in ribeye and Fleming's potatoes 
* frozen lemon pie dessert 

The food was so-so; I've definitely had better at Harris' (San Francisco) and at JW's Steakhouse (Burlingame.) Our steaks came out exactly how we ordered it, which is a relief to someone who only eats their steaks super well done, no pink showing, thank you very much, but they were not outstanding. I expect outstanding for those prices. As my bf put it, we could have made these steaks right at home; they were nothing special. 

The atmosphere is really romantic. I am a sucker for all that dim lighting and dark wood and beautiful wine racks. 

We were seated immediately, as we had made a reservation, and we didn't have to wait too long for the food to come out once we ordered. Our waiter was friendly enough but kind of unenthusiastic. Hey, I like good conversation, okay? At one point, he asked, "Are you guys almost ready for that cake?!" and we had no idea what he was talking about. We didn't order cake! The bf and I just smirked and said, "Sure." 

Needless to say, we never got that cake.
This is the second time I've been to Flemings.  Our first experience wasn't very good but after revisiting them nearly a year later I am very impressed.  My steak was beautifully cooked and the service was excellent.
Bacaro L.A. provides something different  in the LA food scene.  Italian tapas and wine at reasonable prices.  The ambiance is nice with an eclectic crowd that you would not expect in this area of town.  The place however is easy to miss if you do not have a GPS device to pinpoint the exact location!

The food, was good, nothing over the top.  The PAN SEARED SCALLOPS would be my favorite.  The Bacaro Burger was good, provided on a half bun, which was unfortunately burnt, as was the eggplant pizza.

My major complaint was that the tables were extremely small and our seats had no backrest.  Also since the tables are small I would have expected the waiter to have the foresight  to bring the dishes out at a moderate pace, instead of all at once!  We had to wolf down most of the food in order to clear space for the next dishes!
Normally I like this place, but recently, I've felt very uncomfortable when the manager would yell at the waitstaff/hostess in front of customers. That isn't good business. Also, I went there a year ago, Vinology had this adorable hostess that just lit up the room, and now, I don't know what happened to her. It seems as if this place is going downhill.
Very nice wine bar. The selection was wonderful and tasty. The bartender was so helpful and the people were nice. really had a good time
Came on a Friday evening and both the owners were there. One was friendlier and more of a people-person than the other. 

After asking for recommendations, we ordered the following 6 cicetti dishes (3 for $19):

Lamb sliders - 3.5 stars 
Bacaro burger - 3.5 stars
Pan-seared scallops - 4 stars
Roasted rainbow beats -3.5 stars
Bruchette - 2 stars (too oily)
Grilled hanger steak - 3 stars 

It's a bit pricey for the portion. So, I would recommend dining here during happy hour - Mon-Thurs from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. 


Parking: Street parking in front of the restaurant and more can be found behind the restaurant.
My first DineLA 2012 review!

H and I drove here on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, and the obvious choice was the patio. The restaurant has valet and there is a garage next door, but drive around and try your luck with street parking. 

Was ecstatic about the $12 bottomless mimosas, but alas, here is where the service issues began. I thought it was a nice touch that they brought out coffee cake instead of the usual bread&butter while we waited, but we were left with NEITHER water nor mimosa to wash it down for 15 minutes! I understand that there weren't too many patrons out on the patio compared to inside, but a quick peek to check on how your tables are doing should be well worth a waiter's while in tips. 

The meal more than made up for the underwhelming service. Although we were there for DineLA, a quick peek at the menu indicated an artistic and well-priced offering of brunch items that I look forward to trying. 

For my first course I had the crabcake, which was moist and flavorful. The portion was quite small (just one small crabcake), while the portion for the entree was much more generous. I had hoped for a better balance in the two portion sizes. I had the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad for my entree. The ahi was a bit well-done in some parts and the quality wasn't quite top-notch, but the crust was well seasoned. The citrus vinaigrette complimented the rest of the salad well. My friend's capellini with clams had a nice, simple presentation with a nice white wine sauce. For dessert, we both had the apple guava galette topped with chantilly cream. The tart filling was very sweet, but the pastry and softness of the cream balanced it out. 

I'll be back in Bruin territory on a sunny day to try the brunch, but hopefully will be blessed with a different waiter.
Update 6/3/2012: 2nd time here; I guess they only pay attention to you when you're in a group! Service and food this time around was very sub-par. The two of us came because Beefsteak Sundays sounded really great, for $30 a person it's AYCE grilled petite fillet steak, bread, potatoes, wine, etc. but the first plate we got - the meat was nearly raw, and the onion rings and potato wedges were too peppery, our lips were burning. We downed it with some Sangria and even that seemed weak and watery; we barely got a head change from it. 2nd plate of steak was a bit overcooked even though I asked for it to be cooked medium, not well done. Server only came by when we asked for something, never on their own. To their credit, they were nice - but it seemed like they were too busy hanging out and servicing the larger group tables. It really felt like we were ignored, they couldn't even bring us our check. Oh well, screw it. Maybe in a couple of years we'll roll in a big group and try this place again...maybe.
We first discovered Eno 2 yrs ago, while walking back after a very disappointing attempt at a birthday dinner at Baraonda. We had no reservations and yet were more than willing to seat us.. had such a good time waiting that we decided to stay at the bar for dinner. We have returned for special and intimate occasions; anniversaries, holidays, etc. Service has always been impeccable; attentive, knowledgeable and accommodating. Their wine list and familiarity of it, is second to none. The food is original and memorable; favorite is the foie gras.
Food was pretty descent - serving sizes either too big or too small though for tapas! - Service was horrible. Our waiter forgot to put in the order for our appetizers. They came out after our entrees and he didn't comp them.

Yikes! I will not be returning any time soon.
When I think of Fleming's, I think of dim, ambient lighting, men wearing business suits, and sweep-the-crumbs-off-the-table-with-a-brush waiters. Well, that was until I went to their Happy Hour. 5 for 6 'til 7 is the clever tagline - 5 choices of cocktails, wines, and appetizers for $6 each until 7pm. Is that it?

Oh, and a whopping 1/2 lb prime burger that will blow your mind for its price. Never before have I had such a good burger for $6. It comes with a side of two onion rings, chipotle mayo dip, a slice of tomato, and a wedge of lettuce. Cooked to your heart's desire, the patty is delicious and topped with a buttery onion roll bun.

The bar area gets packed fairly quickly, so my party was seated outside on the patio. Though it was a bit chilly, we never complained because of the great heat lamps. Service is great! Though we fear we may have annoyed her, our waitress was patient with us making small changes to our order. The management even went as far as to replace one of our burgers because it wasn't to our liking. 

Best for a burger lover and those who want to binge on appetizers for around $10-15!
Great place to grab a drink, love the outdoor seating!
Was here last weekend for a joint 30th birthday and ordered a ton of really good food.
I love that this restaurant provides the option of ordering half portions on the main courses allowing us to taste a wide variety of dishes.
We also ordered a flight of wine - 4 different types, 12 half glasses of wine. I couldn't tell you what they were but I drank them all and they were all delicious!
I wouldn't recommend the lamb pizza. It's soft and doughy - too much dough, not enough lamb. Lamb pizza done right should be thin, crispy and covered with lamb.
The only other dish I remember being really flavorful and packed with flavor is the crispy duck wings. Do order the next time you're there. You will not regret it.

At the end of the meal, the server brought out our icecream cake with candles lit which was really nice. After the candles were blown out, they cut the cake into even slices and served it to us on individual plates. 

Because we were all going out afterwards and didn't want to take the remainder of the cake with us, the restaurant let us keep leftover cake in their freezer till the next day.

Not bad for an upscale restaurant in Ann Arbor!
It's really not fair to offer a review based on just one meal or just one dish but since I won't be going back and life isn't fair anyway, here goes. I had lunch at the NVG yesterday, the classic steak and fries. Well, the steak was smothered in an overly sweet Worcester based sauce that made it impossible to taste the steak, and the fries which I'd ordered crisp weren't. I sat at the bar and the barman after asking how my meal was immediately took the fries away, easy because they're served in a minature fry basket and brought them back a few minutes later much crisper. They did have an "off taste" that I couldn't identify, not bad or burned, just a slightly unwelcome flavor. The steak was the smallest one that I can remember at the not inconsiderable $24.95, and that for lunch too. It's quite a nice spot and was quite busy for a Tuesday. I just wondered why.
The service was terribly slow, but the place was romantic and easy-going enough that it wasn't a huge problem.  The food was prepared really well, but the ingredients weren't the freshest.  Overall, I'd say the chef is great, but everything else is bad.
The food was....ehh...so so. 

The service was great.

The wine was fantastic, though pricey.
I went here for my birthday dinner #2 on a Sunday and was able to enjoy the Sunday Prime Rib special. The Prime Rib was pretty good and the portion was very generous considering I only paid $30 for the steak, salad and dessert.

I ordered the Portobello Steak Fries as an appetizer and I remember enjoying that the most. It consists of mushrooms in an herbed panko crust with smoke jalapeno aioli. Unfortunately, I was a little too full to fully enjoy my steak afterwards.

Ambiance is the usual. It is located right next to the awesome Hyatt hotel in La Jolla so I thought it was going to be super classy. The crowd is older and maybe they could dress a bit more 'business casual?' Some older people just come in their shorts and sandals and I don't think that's cool at all..

Nevertheless, I think Flemings is a great place to have a nice dinner and I suggest that you check it out.
My girls and I had our GNO here this past Friday.  I've giving Fleming's a 3.5 stars for the following reasons.

-Very accommodating - I had to switch the party number a few times and they were willing to work with me without an attitude. 
-Service was pretty good (can be better) 
-Food was good - Pricey, some dishes were worth the $ while others were not

My girlfriend and I did the $100 3 course meal special.  Along with 2 drinks each our bill came out to be $81 dollars each. 

My only complaints about this place is the pricey drinks and the seating was pretty tight.  We had 8 girls total and there wasn't much room at the table they gave us. 

The bread was ok in my opinion and the drinks weren't that great. Next time, we're drinking somewhere else before we have dinner here. 

It's a good steak house but there are others that are of the same quality without the price tag.
$6 during HH!!  And it gets PACKED during HH.
BBQ Shrimp appetizer was delicious!  Sliders are SOOOOOOO yum, bc their meat is scrumptious!!  Fries are addictive!
Drinks are slightly strong aka yum!

Flemings Burger is amazing!!! The ambiance is also great.

Service needs work, especially if you're trying to get service from a bartender.
Make a reservation, even if you plan to go for lunch. The service and wine list are great and I recommend the kale salad with pomegranate seeds and chicken. The portions are large and satisfying and, given most of the other dining options in Westwood, Napa Valley Grille feels a little more grown-up...in a good way.
Finally made it out to Vinology. I was expecting a lot and what I got was just okay... 
The salad I had was amazing and the steak was just ok. As another poster mentioned, my plate had some thrown together components that didn't seem to mesh. It was tender though. There was a tiny hard piece of 'something' in my grilled salad which was a bad start to my dinner.... Never did figure out what it was. If that didn't happen, I would have loved that salad!
What I was most surprised and disappointed about was that the food menu items did not have recommended wine pairings next to them. I assumed they would especially since wine is the cornerstone of this restaurant so I had to ask. Thankfully service was amazing & our waiter was friendly and knowledgable. He recommended one of their fish dishes which my friend ordered, much to her delight. He spoke e a NY Times food critic and described the food and wine deliciously. 

Follow the waiter's orders and you'll be fine but I won't be going again unless it's happy hour. I felt it was a bit overpriced on food but the wine menu and pricing makes up for it.
This place, along with Ajihei is the best eatery in downtown Princeton. But this place isn't that great either. This was the place I took my girlfriend on our first date. Sentimental feelings? Perhaps. That's why I give it a 4 instead of the 3.5. But besides that one special moment, I have visited here a few other times as well. Therefore, I can give you a pretty good idea of what this restaurant offers

Food in general are reasonably priced compared to the other restaurants neighboring it. Taste wise is fine too. 

The pasta is decent. Antipastis are okay too. Pizza is nice. Can't really go wrong here. The free bread though is lacking. In addition, the portions are on the smaller size here, but that is to your benefit. Eat less you fat Americans (I am preaching to myself as well). 

But one highlight I want to share for the owners:

They once had this squash paste pizza with cranberry raisins... It was a seasonal thing a few years back and I thought they decided to keep it in the menu when I saw something like it described in their regular menu. Unfortunately for me, it was not the same one as I hoped. I wish they bring that back. If you owners are reading this, I am talking about the Fall '10 menu!! Please contact me if it is back in your menu, and I will be more than happy to come again then!
We went to Flemings very excited to give the "Memorable Meals" a try.  For $100, we had high hopes of a tasty night out.

Whoops. Maybe not. The waiter was effusive in his praise of the MM, so we jumped right in. I substituted a ceasar salad for the lobster bisque. The salad came out drowning in dressing, despite my request for it on the side (seriously, how hard is it?) The lobster bisque was bland and lacking actual lobster.

The entree--filet and lobster tail. The filet was delicious--perfectly cooked, seasoned and seared. The lobster tail tasted like it had been soaking in a bucket of salt for about three days. I know to expect a slight salt ting, but wow. And vanilla butter? Why? The side dish of green beans and mushrooms was inedible. It has been cooked and recooked so many times that they were completely dried out. 

The dessert saved the day--a delicious flaky tart filled with pears, blueberries and lots of sugar. Topped with vanilla ice cream, it was a good ending to a dissapointing meal.
This place has a valet which is so nice and rare in san diego. I had the steak and thought it was excellent. The flavor wasn't exactly to my liking  but the meat was cooked perfect and juicy. Service was to top notch as expected. The setting is nice and romantic perfect for dates and special occasions. Overall I had a great experience here.
I love this place and I don't even eat steak! The service is always spot-on, as is the food. The carrot cake is awesome!!
Whatever has already been said about this place, it's probably not positive enough. Food is punching WAY above its weight. Absolutely extraordinary. We had seven dishes between the two of us and everything was delicious. Wine was also on-point and affordable. We'll be back!
A very lovely spot! Love the one of a kind glassware and plates. The furniture is comfortable and really cute. The menu idea is so unique and creative- each menu is inside an old book cover! Loved our server, and loved our lunch, and prosecco!
I recently threw a bday dinner here accommodating 13 ppl and each and every one of my guests were in LOVE with Bacaro LA! 

But let's back track a little bit to when I first arrived to this hidden gem of a restaurant... Located near USC, I thought I was lost upon arriving. The awning outside the restaurant keeps it hidden but when you walk in, you could definitely feel the liveliness and coziness of the place.

Since we had a large party, Bacaro LA seemed fitting because it had just a little bit of everything for everyone. Plus, who can beat 3 for $21 small plates and $20 all you can drink beer/house wine?!

I had ordered the Caprese Salad which just melts in your mouth. Gooey mozzarella with a hint of basil pesto that leaves you wanting more.. I also ordered the Bacaro Burger without the fried egg and it was made perfectly. I always like my burgers medium rare and it was still juicy while slightly pink. The last plate I had was by far the best on the menu. It was the pan seared scallops on top of this corn salsa. I could have eaten 4 of those pan seared scallops plates! 

All in all, a great place to either have a small dinner party, (since the place is not that big) dinner for two, or even Happy Hour since their specials are great.
Granted, I only had two kinds of wine and one kind of cheese, but all were delicious.  Either I'm getting better at ordering wine or they just have excellent choices - perhaps both :) The cheese was so expertly paired with the fig jam it came with, but having only the one kind I don't know if that was true skill or pure luck since I don't know what comes with the other cheeses (yet!).

I would totally come back here, even though it's a bit hefty on my wallet for what I'd call a very nice snack. The prices are not unexpected, though - the cheese seemed a bit pricey, but that's pretty typical. One (very small) disappointment is that there's no combo platter for the cheeses.
Great $5 plate deal. The place is small so get there early.
This place was a little more formal than I was expecting. I'm trying not to let that factor into my review since I was expecting something a little more boisterous and relaxed. This was definitely fine dining.

I came here with coworkers on a business trip and the food and service were excellent. 

It was truly amazing how much our server knew about each entree, and he was quick to share recommendations and information. 

As I mentioned, I thought this place was small plates, tapas, etc. I was a little disappointed in how stiff everything was. Plus, they do have select small plates, but they're really set up as just appetizers with a large entree selection as well. The prices were high, but they seemed to back up the price with quality in my meal at least. I had the homemade pasta with the housemade sausage. It was extremely tasty and paired perfectly with a wine reco'd by the server (not the suggested wine on the menu). 

I would possibly go back, but again, I was looking for a place with a little more relaxed atmosphere and just a tad lower prices. The food was good, the service was phenomenal, but I still left a bit unsatisfied. It was also very cold in the restaurant and I spent a bit of time shivering even though it was very nice outside. 

I might try it again, but despite the good food, I wasn't really feeling it.
Went here during happy hour: 5-7pm / $5 plates / 1/2 off wine by the glass.  
So many different (vegetarian) options and friendly service!  Some favorites 
were the beet salad, olive tapenade crostini, garlic pizza, and chipotle aioli 
cauliflower.  The bread pudding dessert twas good.
Now, I am not a steak connoiseur, but I love eating them.  I just know what I like in terms of my food and Flemings is up there with the very best of them.  As a starter, I had their french onion soup, which is one of the best I have ever had.  It is topped with Guyere cheese that is nice and chewey in your mouth and perfectly compliments the soup.  For the main dish, I chose the Filet Mignon 12 OZ medium rare, with peppercorn sauce on the side, and a side of their potatoes (excellent as well).  The filet mignon was perfectly done and very juicy and pink on the inside.  Each morsel that I cut was savored lovingly by my tongue.  My wife was enjoying watching me eat.  I swear I could have eaten another one...it really was that delicious.  I better stop now as I am salivating thinking about it.  

The service was good and our waitress was very pleasant.   I also had 2 glasses of wine and overall the total bill for 2 with tip was $145.  I will definitely go there again before the year is up.    One thing:  Definitely make reservations.  I took a 6:30 PM Saturday reservation and by the time we left around 8:00 PM, the place was packed and those who made reservations, were still waiting for a table.
Huge fan of this place.  The Chicken is very good as are the fries.  High quality food, prepared well.
Though a bit pricey, both the food and the ambiance are some of the best you'll find in Blacksburg.  I've gone twice already, loved it both times, and intend to return.
So one of my old roommates worked here plating pastries on the weekends for fun. So while you might think I'm biased, I must say I've enjoyed the savory dishes as well. In particuclar, I ordered the port-wine reduced braised short ribs twice and enjoyed them each time! The desserts were of course good and the one time I had wine with  a friend, the sommelier recommended a very delicious red wine.

The cons? Parking in westwood blows & the prices are steeper than the neighboring college haunts like the old buck fitty subs and didi reese so be prepared.

Tip: She used to tell me about how hollywood premiere parties for films would be held there....not sure if they shut down the whole entire place but  you may be able to do some star sighting if you're there at the right time!
Beautiful interior. Clean and modern. Handsome,friendly staff.  The only complaint was that there was so sign on the restroom so I wasn't quite sure if it was a restroom or a storage closet before I opened the door.
It's a hip little place where the guys were knowledgeable and eager to start a conversation.
We had the meat plate and I think my boyfriend may have fallen in love with it and asked it to marry him.  The meat slicer is amazing and slices it paper paper thin...you can see through it.
Wish I lived closer because this would be my go-to place.
A good place for the wine enthusiast.  If it was just rated for food, however, I would give it 3 stars.  Classy, but not stuffy.
If you're a USC student looking for a reasonable and delicious wine and tapas bar this is the place to go. You can even take Campus Cruiser there if you tell them the intersection is Union and 23rd. 

It's a small bar that seats about 40 people. If there are no seats you can stand by the bar and have a glass of wine there. I suggest the Moscato if you like sweet wine. The waiters are knowledgeable about wine so if you tell them what type of wine you are looking for they will bring something for you to try.  

On Mondays they have all wines by the glass for 1/2 price. Their happy hour is from 5-7 on Mondays-Thursdays where all tapas places are $5 each (normally $7).

I highly recommend the crostini. You choose three of six options and my favs are gorgonzola/dates/honey/walnuts, fresh goat cheese/balsalmic endive marmalade, and masacrpone/sun-dried tomatoes. You also can't go wrong with a panini or the scallops. Either of the desserts are worth trying - (1) a nutella and strawberry (or banana) panini and (2) homemade cranberry bread pudding. Extremely tasty but rich so you may want to share with a date or a friend. 

I recently left Los Angeles and really miss this place. You should definitely give it a try!
I was not expecting much at first.. just wanted to meet at a place to have happy hour with the girls. It turned out to be quite a Culinary Delight =)
I got there right at 5pm when it opened and I had no problem getting a table. It got all packed after 6pm. Love the feel of the overall space. Very urban and non pretentious. Very random location near USC.

We tried about 3 different red wines and 1 White wine. 1/2 off for happy hour 5-7. 

Here is what we tried:

Gorganzola, Walnut, and Honey Crostini - Oh my.. this was the perfect start. The cheese thick creamy went really well with the walnuts and honey drizzled on top. They were not stingy with the amount of cheese on each crostini.
Fresh Ricotta with Tapenade (olive spread) Crostini - This was a more savory one.Their fresh Riccotta was SO good. It was also very creamy and tasted so fresh. I don't remember being so satisfied with crostinis!. 
Sea Scallops with Corn Chowder - WOW one of our favorite dishes of the night. The scallops were seared perfectly with a nice crust but  were extremely tender and juicy in the middle. 

Fried Cauliflower with Chipotle Aioli - I figured this was my vegetable dish =). To my surprised I equally enjoyed it as much as the other dishes. I was really impressed by how much flavor the Chef was able to add to a vegetable that had little flavor. It was lightly fried and sprinkled with a combination of dry spices which tasted like paprika, onion powder, garlic. Hard to tell. The flavors were very complex. This came with the Chipotle Aioli. It was Smokey, Creamy, and decadent. I could have drank the Chipotle Sauce it was so good. I asked the Chef about this dish also but he would not tell me the secret recipe. 

Bacaro Burger- Gourmet burger. The burger is served open face. The bread they used was a Pain de Mie. Per the Chef Pan de Mie is one level below Brioche in Butteryness. I remember making this in culinary school but mine was not as fluffy and tastey as this one. The meat patty is thick and juicy and as you bite into it you really get that irony, bloody flavor of meat. I always get my burgers med rare. What also makes this burger quite special is the sauce. It reminds me of a demi glace with cream. The sauce added an extra layer of flavor. With the addition of carmelized onions and a fried egg, this burger is a masterpiece! 

Our group also shared the Lamb and Eggplant dish  along with the Poached Shrimp. I did not try these dishes. But the 2 other pp in my group  that did, raved about it also. 

For dessert we had the bread pudding... compliments of the Chef. That was so nice of him. The bread pudding had a nice toasty top and a fluffy center. It was topped with their homemade vanilla which was heavenly. You can tell it was rich by the color. It was very yellow which meant that there was quite a bit of egg yolks in it.. I don't mind I LOVE eggs. 

My friend was so impressed with the food she asked if the Chef could come out.  He was very charming and extremely humble. He told us that he had been trained at Jean Georges in NYC ... one of my favorite restaurants. The Chef has a fine dining background and it definitely showed in his food. We had a good conversation about the restaurants in LA. He was so grateful to hear our compliments. You can he was very passionate about food and it was quite inspiring. 

Conclusion : Excellent prices for Fine Dining dishes in a corky, hipster environment. With the recession we are in, this can easily be my weekly treat. =) Service is friendly . The location itself and the wine selection was ok.. but the FOOD.. man that is what I crave. Can't wait to come back and try the other items!
My of my favorite restaurants in the world.  I've had some better dishes and some amazing dishes but I've NEVER had a bad experience.  WONDERFUL wine selection, seasonal super creative menu, and their featured tastings/dinners are experiences of a lifetime...It's not cheap by any means, but you can get half courses that are generous and affordable.  Try it, you'll thank me!!!
I have to preface this with I REALLY hope this isn't standard here, because I LOVE WINE AND WINE BARS! Although the atmosphere is pleasant and kinda sexy, we did not have the best experience unfortunately. 

We were seated upstairs in our own private room, very nice...and our waiter was real and pleasant.  We started with some wine and an appetizer, which were both delicious.  Then a large party, (of about 8 people or so) joined us in the private room...fail. Our waiter than politely took our order, and about 7 minutes later took the order from the other party in the room.  We were enjoying the atmosphere, but after about 25 minutes of being entree-less, we thought something was up.  The icing on the cake was that the large party received their entrees BEFORE us. Another fail. 

At this point I was pissed, but in their defense both the waiter and the manager came up to us and told us that the kitchen had "lost" our ticket and were very apologetic.  Hmmmm. Whatever, bad things happen to good people. Our main courses FINALLY arrived, and were just OK.  We were then comped for champagne and dessert, which was a nice gesture, but the whole experience had unfortunately left a bad taste in my mouth. 

I'll probably try it again, simply because I love the idea of the place.
I don't want to come here for years since my friend recommend this place. It has tapas here so happy hour is a great deal, come here with friends try lots of things. The burger wasn't that great, it was dry and I've had a lot better.  We tried to cauliflower lots of flavor. The skewered pork belly was so delicious lots of flavor lots of fat juicy, everything. The garlic bruschetta... was Full of whole garlic cloves, not what we expected. The Panini sandwich was just okay. It's pretty cool to come here for happy hour the sangria was pretty good. I'd come back again.
It was a lovely evening, so we chose to eat in the outside dining area, which was an area partioned off from the rest of the parking lot out front by giant concrete blocks.  Planters were on top and around them to try to hide them a bit, and there was a faux fountain in the middle, whose gurgling helped to establish a bit of a garden setting between the interruptions of car headlights sweeping over the area as they entered the parking lot. 

Began with the octopus appetizer, which was served with white beans in a sauce flavored with sage.  The octopus was outstanding - perhaps the best I've ever had.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned. If I was rating this meal on this one component alone, I would give it a five. 

The two fish entrees were OK.  The swordfish was substantial and it had a nice sauce, but it was overall a little over cooked and by the end bland. Oddly, it came with a lump of Jasmine rice.  I guess it's fusion.  The other entree was the trout which was served whole and was well prepared.  Each entree was at least $30 which seems a little steep.  

I must have missed something, because I only saw 4 wines on the list, and this place bills itself as an enoteca.  After our first order of wines arrived, the waitress asked what we thought of them and I was honest that mine wasn't that good.  To my pleasant shock she removed it and gave me another one (much better) and didn't charge anything extra for it. That was impressive (and earned them the 4th star overall)!
A friend and I went out here to go drinking during their happy hour since they are one of the rare places with happy hour on a Saturday!!! Can I get a *Hell Yeah!*? 

So between the two of us, we killed 3 carafes of their 'to die for' sangria's, and were sufficiently wasted. The waiter brought us free fresh bread and hummus made in house that definitely hit the spot during all the drinking.

The only reason to knock them 1 star is the size of the carafes, and the prices for them. They seem a bit pricey for a happy hour drink that's on tap, but hey, they are so awesome that they're worth it!

Also, they have valet, which is nice, since parking in Westwood is about as fun seeing your dentist for a few root canals. 

Side note: If you've had a few of those drinks, I definitely recommend a trip to Deedy Reese first to sober up before getting your car back. The long line for a cookiewhich certainly helps.
Wow, this place is totally swank and totally tiny! Though they only offer panini, salad, soup, beer and wine, I really like their business idea. Simple. Good value. Good ambiance. I didn't dress up and felt other patrons looking down on me, but that all passed when we were seated and served.

Service was very good and attentive. But we couldn't be ignored, because the servers had to trip over us to get to everybody else.

The food. My pesto chicken panini was amazing. I'm a fan of cupcakes. They buy them from a local business, Amy's Cupcakes, I think (I think it's awesome when local businesses support other local businesses).

The wine and beer. There doesn't appear to be any local wine on the list, but the idea is to expand our horizons right? Gives us an opportunity to compare local with imported. Beer is mostly In Bev (the company that bought Anhueser-Busch) and Firestone products. Well, at least they have Firestone.

The ambiance. I really like the way they decorated; lamps and dark red paint and random piles of books and art on the wall and sweeping draperies and window opening on to the street and nice low cushy chairs. The glasses for wine are all different. Some with etched glass, some with cut glass. It makes it look like they picked them up at an antique store; why buy new glasses when there are still a ton to be got for second hand. Here is where they went wrong. It is WAY too dark in there. Candle light is not enough. It won't be so bad when the sun sets at 9 in the summer, but seriously, I couldn't properly see my chocolate cupcake to eat it! Scented candles are a very bad idea when the idea is to feature wine. Smell is the other half of taste (if not more) and the candles are interfering with the aroma of the wine. They need just one less table, too. I had to invade the personal space of my neighbor so the servers could get around without bumping me or dropping stuff. Our neighbors (Damian and Lizane) were very good natured about it.

I like this concept and it is well mostly very well executed. I would definitely go again, but perhaps not on a Friday and definitely early in the evening. They had people waiting outside, and large groups, too. 

Right now it is CASH ONLY. Fantastic that there is a B of A right across the street.
My friends and I were super impressed by their tasty tapas dishes. I think people can easily pass up on this place due to it's obscure location. It's super small inside but with the quality of the food they serve it is a gem. Some of our favorite dishes were:
Lamb Stuffed Eggplant
Noa's Cauliflower
The Bacaro Burger
Bacaro Mac and Cheese

But the highlight dish of the night would go to their dessert, the Brown butter Cookie Dough. It's a must-try!
It's new wine bar season in Los Angeles. After my visit to Vinoteque the other week, I received an invitation to try the newbie Bacaro L.A. and gladly accepted. Located in the cement dustbowl that surrounds USC, I had no trouble finding the place, nor parking nearby. I felt a bit like I was crashing a party as the neighbors sized me up, but hey, this fish doesn't need water to swim, so I pressed on. 

Once inside, I felt more in my element. The place is dark, with one full wall of chalkboard paint on which they write their menus. Wine, Lunch, and Dinner are all there, including my fave special, the Double Fist, which gives you two Moretti beers for $5 at lunchtime. It has the advantage of sounding like a Kung Fu movie and being quite appealing to many folks I know. 

I selected a particularly floral red from the wine menu, which Santos, the co-owner and sommelier, said was his favorite. I can see why he liked it, although I deemed it too floral for my taste. But it was quite interesting. Then my partner in wine arrived, selected a glass, and we ordered a cheese plate and some olives and almonds to snack on. 

We slipped easily into conversation, stopping to comment on how delicious the Marcona almonds and olives were. Well done, boys. Marcona almonds are top notch, and putting them in with the very good olives is a nice touch. The cheese plate did not particularly impress me, but they did include a very tasty cranberry studded bread that paired fabulously with the blue cheese. It wouldn't be hard to step up the cheese selection, but I won't knock them points for that. I supposed they're still working those kinds of kinks out considering they just opened their doors recently. Or maybe they really liked those cheeses.

We arrived at 8pm on a Wednesday, and there were tables both full and free, so it was a nice mix of busy and not. There was a very large party there, I think they were Santos's family as I heard him address one of them as Dad, but we were still attended to in a timely fashion. We both got second glasses of wine, I opted this time for the Shiraz, my companion got the Nebbiolo. Incidentally, the pricing on the wines is quite reasonable. The glasses range from $6-$12, bottles $22-$46ish. The food is similarly priced, and starts at just $3 a plate.

Bacaro is a very nice freshman offering by two young foodie businessmen. You can feel the youth in the place, and I think it's refreshing. There's no pretense, just excitement. I doubt I will ever just find myself in the neighborhood, but I will gladly return on purpose to visit Bacaro again. In fact, it would make a very nice place to set down after a trip to the California Science Museum to see the Body Worlds exhibit. Perhaps I will suggest that.
Food is always good and the service is top notch.  The bar scene is hoping and the bar area is roomy and fun.  Their catered event are excellent with a great choice of reasonably price food.  And the wine list is the best in the region
Went here for my husband's birthday. They get extra points for wishing him a happy birthday and for the free candies presented by (I think) the pastry chef. The food was good, but not amazing. The atmosphere just wasn't as nice as Sundance in Palo Alto. The waiter was very nice, but young and seemed a little awkward trying to be super professional. It was a Monday night and there were some people next to us dressed in shorts and sneakers, and a family with a child next to us that seemed to have just popped in after shopping. They were just eating, cause they had to eat somewhere. This was a big treat for us and the people around us just didn't seem to be helping the 'special ocassion' ambiance. There was also a huge TV in the bar that we could see from the dinning room that was playing sports. Didn't really say fancy restaurant to me. I don't think I'd go back. Glad we tried it, but Sundance will still be my special occasion steakhouse.
Don't get me wrong, Bacaro is one of THE BEST restaurants in Providence. Their food is absolutely delicious and unique, from their tapas menu to large selection of entrees to their tasty desserts which make my mouth water every time! 

Some of  my recommendations include the pork belly from the Tapas menu, the beet salad, the pumpkin pizza or any of the pasta dishes. Each season the freshest ingredients are used and incorporated into the dishes. I'm particularly a fan of the penne with with the squash flowers and goat cheese! 

Don't forget about dessert! Although a bit pricey, it can't be missed. The little donuts with nutella are spectacular as are all the fruit tortes.   

The reason I cannot give it 4 or 5 stars is because the service is lacking. Sometimes you can wait what seems to be an unusually long amount of time for a glass of water or utensils. It's unfortunate because this delicious food is right in front of you and the aromas are begging you to attack. It seems to have gotten a bit better but every time I go and hope for a better experience, it's usually the same. 

Would you rather eat good food or enjoy the ambiance? If you prefer great food, you have to stop in and try for yourself! Be sure to ask to be seated upstairs....there's a great open kitchen!
yum, yum, yum, and more yum. two words. happy. hour. happy hour is a passion of mine and happy hour at fleming's is absolutely one of the best i've ever had. 
food:
tenderloin carpaccio, jumbo shrimp cocktail, spicy cajun shrimp, perfectly seared ahi, and a delicious cheeseburger on what i believe was a brioche bun with blue cheese. fan-freaking-tastic.

drink:
"sensual" cab. perf. (4 glasses total)

splurge:
chocolate lava cake. with chantilly cream. and some cookie "boat" thing. to. die. for.

service:
attentive, friendly, 5 stars.

bonus:
got to watch the giants win :)

price:
$6 for each meal item and each glass of wine. UNBELIEVABLE. 

go. eat. drink. and be happy :)
Fleming Prime Steak house has great food but some issues.  The wedge salad, the porterhouse and dessert was great.
  My first complaint is it took over 15 min to get serves at 6pm. I had to get up and go to the front to ask for a waiter. It then took another 10 min for them to find a waiter.  
  The waiters where in a meeting with the manger. I don't think it takes much thinking to have a meeting during none serves hours.  That shows bad on the manager. The meeting was at 6pm. Are you serious???
    After the waiter came out, the serves was great but I should not have to waited over 20 min to get serves.   
   The other issue is this places is very expensive.  It's very good but very  very expensive.
The cheese plate is tiny ... the olives are terrible ... and really, who's going to go out to dinner and order quinoa? 

The sliders are good, as are the fries, and they really do have a great way of serving wine. And the location can't be beat. 

At one point they seemed to be trying for a Tapas bar, but the menu and the style of service all attempt to make it like a traditional entree place, and they just don't quite pull it off.
Full Disclosure: I brought a big group (14 of the finest colleagues this side of the Mississippi) to Eno during Midtown Restaurant Week, and partook only in the $25 prixe fixe menu. 

We sat in the private room and were treated to some fabulous service by our waiter J.R. Props, J.R., props. You handled all of us, all of our cash, and picked out fantastic wine for us to drink 6 bottles of. 

Everyone in our group had a different option from the Midtown Restaurant Week menu; the first course choices included a cold melon soup w/ prosciutto foam (sounds cool, overall comment: "not so great") or a salad of market fresh fruits and veggies (very good, got rave reviews). Second course options included--and I'm simplifying here--steak w/ beets and mushrooms (very good, but there could have been more steak), a full quail (the most interesting choice and also good), or buccatini pasta. The pasta was quite good and there was a ton of it. Dessert options were a chocolate tatin (very, very awesomely good) or a grilled peach w/ rosemary ice cream (rosemary ice cream was a party in mine and many others' mouths). 

Our meal was capped off w/ a visit from Chef Eli himself, he graciously stopped by our table to thank us for coming out. A Top Chef-testant thanked us for the meal?! Amazing. It made the night. Eno was certainly an amazing meal, even if we did only enjoy the prixe fixe options. The concensus of our group was that they'd come back again for a real meal. 
Well done!
Went there for lunch; I ordered the Duck Confit which was pretty good.  The portion was not very large, but wasn't embarassingly small either.  Other folks I went with ordered the trout and the braised lamb; no major complaints from either, but no one seemed incredibly wowed.  Overall, the food was pretty good, lunch time prices make it a little more reasonable (the $7-9 small plate salad is a complete rip-off) but still fairly pricey; the final verdict is that the overall price-performance ratio is below average.  Being that it wasn't all that crowded at lunch, the time from ordering until the food arrived seemed a little long (the waiter did a good job of keeping our wayer glasses filled at least).  I'll probably only go when it's on someone else's dime.
"um... baby, turn around. you're garlicky."

This might be a nicer version of what we muttered in our sleep last night after our light din din at Bacaro. But please, don't let our subsequent upset stomachs/breath deter you from their attributes.

- My favorite part was the intimate atmosphere. It's small and the tables and benches (+ wine) foster the whisper-sweet-nothings-and-reach-across-and-touch-me date quality. :-) Also, they had an eclectic soundtrack, including Calaveras y Diablitos by Fabulosos Cadillacs.
- Their wine list is on the chalkboard wall. Can't decide it that's a good thing.
- Their menu is almost entirely tapas style which is fun because you can try different things. Perfect for the indecisive type, especially at 3 for $19.
-We had the:
artichokes - yummy 
bruschette w/tomato and garlick - decent
spinach/mozarella panini - tasty
bread pudding w/ice cream - awesome!
- Plus, they're close to home. Closer than the downtown joints 5-10 minutes away and way closer than Hollywood, or even Culver City.

Overall, I want to go back in heels and have a couple more glasses of wine. Then sober up and drive home responsibly, of course ;-)
Bacaro is absolute a notch or two above most/all of the providence RI dining  scene- and that's saying a lot.  Great locate, atmosphere, home made pasta and deserts.  Good wine list and better than/or as good as Al forno wood grilled pizza.   Worth the extra $$ .  Knowledgeable staff too.   Will be back.
Happy hour here is good (I get the mac n cheese), but Palomino's happy hour (right across the street) is better. Just a tip.
MMMmmmm Flemmings. 

Delicious meats. mouth watering, wet-aged goodness. I had the petite filet that was the special of the evening with yummy mashed potatoes and a cognac sauce. I ate slowly and savored every bite of the tender, flavorful steak. Its a waste for anyone to come here and order fish or chicken. 

Also, they have *to die for* calamari in a sweet chili sauce. Pefectly little circles, straight pieces and tiny squid in a delightful sweet light red sauce that has just the right amount of heat to it. I have been craving this dish ever since we ate here. 

They have a nice wine selection as well, though for the life of me I cannot remember what I drank. But it was a recommendation from our server and it paired very nicely with my meal. 

Overall it's a quiet place, dim lighting, friendly staff (better than the service I have received at the downtown location). It would be a great classic kind of place to take a date.
I hate to be the barer of bad news, but if you're looking for a special 5* dining experience please take note - Bacaro might not be the place to fully experience all that you're wanting.  The food is good, the view amazing, but this restaurant is missing certain things that make for a true 5* experience.  For $30+/plate I have to review based on what I believe we in Providence have come to expect from fine dining.

For starters, what about the simple things in life, like taking our coats?  Nope, can't be bothered.  Why don't you have any music playing on the second floor?  You've got a view of the river but without ambiance my table of four couldn't help but focus on the click clack of the forks coming from the only other table (of 14) in the restaurant, oddly placed smack dab next to us.

Our server, bless her, knew NOTHING.  Nothing about wine, couldn't really make food recommendations, and had a general air of insecurity about her.  The manager stepped in at certain points to accommodate our cohort's gluten free needs and help with the wine selection, and call me caddy but she was way too casually dressed to be given any street cred.  Pink and brown striped Old Navy V neck with jeans doesn't really scream I should be spending a lot of money here.

I will say the bottle of wine we were pointed to was excellent.  But call me crazy, where I come from, wine bars offer wine flights and I got a blank Bambi stare when I asked for one.

We started with the pork belly appetizer, a small plate served salty and glazed.  Then I moved on to the duck breast over risotto.  The duck was too bloody for my taste so I passed most of the middle on to my partner, and the rice portion tasted like the butter it was made in had been accidentally burned during preparation.   With the richness of the dish it was sadly lacking in the vegetable department.  Michael had a whole fish as they were out of the other two pesce options on the menu.  It was fine but not satisfying.

If you're looking for some place special I have a list of top 5 in the state.  Go to anyone of these establishments http://www.yelp.com/list/big-5-in-little-rhody-providence and enjoy the total package!
I love Tria wine room.  Unlike the other Trias, it's never crowded at night.  The wine is always delicious, the bartender makes good suggestions for cheese and it's really beautiful inside.  Apparently they have happy hour 7 days a week. This is a great post work (after 9) spot to unwind with some wine and friends.  Oh, and they play good music.

Minus one star because it can be full of the pretentious Penn crowd but I guess that's what you get if you're out in that area.
I've only been here once, but it was exactly what I needed. A small place to gather with a few friends, small tapas to share, and good selection at the bar (definitely great even if you're under 21). The food was delicious, but it took me a while to decide what to order... the titles and descriptions are complicated, with a lot of atypical ingredients, but everything I tried was great. I ordered a very standard ham & cheese panini, keeping it simple, and just one plate was plenty (they look small, but don't let that deceive you!).
I have a client in Westwood where I spend a significant amount of time and I've walked by Napa Valley Grille a million times, but had never tried it (I typically go to Palomino across the street). I thought I would try something new today so decided to give Napa Valley Grille a try. 

For a business lunch, I thought this place was perfect. There were a lot of professionals dining here and the restaurant got really busy really quickly so I recommend making reservations in advance. 

I wait service was extremely nice and professional. The Waiter was aware it was the first time for many of us so he went down the menu and pointed out the most popular dishes (without us having to ask). He raved about the new soft shell crab dish that was added to the menu and I was sold. 

We split the artichoke flat bread as a starter and it wasn't bad. Coming from someone who doesn't like cheese, I thought it was actually pretty good. And then the soft shell crab came out. Lightly fried and served with cooked/grilled zucchini, tomatoes and corn...it was actually very tasty. The only thing I would say is that the waiter described the crab as being "lightly fried". I think the crab was much more than "lightly fried". I'm also not a huge fan of cooked tomatoes and I think the dish would have been a lot better if the cherry tomatoes were left uncooked with a light vinaigrette. The crab was already a bit on the greasy side so I think some fresh cherry/grape tomatoes would have been the perfect compliment. 

Overall, my experience at Napa Valley Grille was pleasant. I'm definitely going to add this to my list of business lunch spots. 

Food - Not bad 
Ambiance - Great for work meetings/lunches 
Service - Excellent
Flemings is usually my favorite place for a steak. I gave it three stars only because they were really off their game tonight.
My wife and I split a wedge salad with blu cheese dressing and waiter forgot to bring the blu cheese crumbles as requested. I ordered the NY prime medium rare, my wife had the petit filet. We also ordered the 50/50 half onion rings half French fries and the creamed spinach. 
The steaks were cooked perfectly, the meat so tender but, no flavor I believe the kitchen forgot to season the meat. It was so bland and such a let down that the rest of the meal was difficult to enjoy. The 50/50 was good as was the spinach however spinach was missing the usual nutmeg. I would have given this Flemings fewer star except I have had excellent meals in the past. Hopefully they will do netter next time.
Unique food combinations.
Portions are small, no vegetable side-dishes.
Servers are somewhat attentive.
Chef Eli will visit your table if you ask.
Good decor, wasn't too loud.
Try the Beet Parfait for dessert. Amazing.
I'm on a mission to find the best HH places in UTC/LJ area. Since I spend the majority of my days in this area, what better way to explore with fine dining and drinks after work!

We did a HH hop and this was stop #2.

The bar is small - I would say enough for about 25-30 people. Luckily it was just the two of us; otherwise, we wouldn't have found seats in the bar area.

HH = 5 for $6 'Til 7p. (Only avail in the bar)
5 cocktails, 5 wines, 5 appys
You have a burger as an option and then a $3 IPA as part of the HH specials.

Ordered the following:
-Stoli Bombshell: OMG YUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!! This may be my new fave drink! Sweet, but it'll kick your ass in about an hour. I was def feeling it near the end of our HH visit.
-White Cosmo: Not as sweet, but delish. This is also a creeper. WATCH OUT!!!
-Fleming's Prime Burger (Med): The burger is a good portion to split with 2 people. Comes deconstructed with bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato and a couple pieces of onion rings. Great flavor and juicy.

What was cool is that the drinks are made at table-side - shaken in front of you and poured into the martini glasses. SOOO PRETTY!!!!!!!

Our server was nice, but she seemed rushed. Overall, service was pretty good considering a happy hour where there were several people attending our table.

I'm definitely coming back to do another HH hop - Flemings, Trulucks and Melting Pot!!!

That's money...
If I could give this place a smaller rating I would.

I have frequented 622 North on numerous occasions since their opening. When they first opened I (and my adult friends) were very excited to have what we hoped would be a classy, adult, restaurant/wine bar that we could go to for all of our celebrations, luncheons, birthday parties, etc. However, what we found instead was an understaffed restaurant with over priced food whose owner does not appreciate the residents of Blacksburg who support locally run businesses. 

When you first walk into 622 North there is rarely anyone at the front door to greet you and I have had to walk all the way back to the kitchen on several occassions in order to find an employee that could seat us. Once seated, there never seems to be more than 1 or 2 waitstaff therefore the service is terrible and you can expect to wait at least 15 minutes for a greeting and a glass of water. The food is mediocre to bad and is definitely overpriced for the area and what they have to offer.

But the worst part of the whole place is the owner, Frank Perkovich. My party of 8 adult women had an unfortunate incident with one of the staff recently and when we emailed Mr. Perkovich to convey our issue we were met with a response so unprofessional and rude that it was hard to read. However, Mr. Perkovich made it very clear that he does not value the people of Blacksburg who have supported his business since their opening.

Needless to say, Mr. Perkovich has now succeeded in losing the support of my family, friends, wine tasting group, gourmet group and other civic organizations to which I belong. As a matter of fact, we will no longer be frequenting his other restaurant either.
GREAT service and the food was so yummy! It' is defiantly very expensive but for that's part of the experience.

We arrived early so they suggested having a drink at the bar. There was plenty of seating and the bartender was very helpful in us choosing wine. 

They never let my water glass go half empty, the food came out at the perfect time and the desert menu was to die for! The decour was great, the hostess was very classy and our waiter was on her game! Perfect place for my Friday night date!
When my mom came into town to visit, I asked friends for a recommendation on where to go for a great Italian meal.  Everyone said Teresa's - and they were RIGHT!

We went a bit early to beat the dinner crowd since I heard it can get crazy.  I think we sat down around 5:20-5:30 and the dinner rush arrived around 6PM.

Everything from the calamari to the salad to my pasta was well-prepared, perfectly-flavored, and served in a timely manner.  The food is worth the price!

My regret is that I never went to the Pizza e Vino on Monday nights!  And that I discovered Teresa's 18 months into my 22 months in Princeton. 

Tips:
Check out their website for special events.
MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT! 
The service is always excellent.  I get the insalata de pizza (grilled chicken and greens over white pizza) every single time I go, and I never get tired of it.  The fresh bread with spiced olive oil that they give you after you order is always delicious too.
Excellent place to unwind, if you ever meet David, he is an absolutely great personality, you will enjoy!
It is great for USC students, right on hoover. It is not hard to find some street parking. It is a really cute place for a date or a night out with your girlfriends. They have a great wine and beer selection at reasonable prices.

The the food was awesome however it is not a place to go if you like a a big dinner. they have tapas style serving. So you need to order lot of dishes to be full. 

overall very young and trendy. I loved it !
Granada bistro is a chill, loungey kinda wine bar. The service is friendly and attentive. With such great potential, unfortunately the food wasn't that great :( Plus the food menu wasn't big-- just cheese and meat plates, almonds, and olives for the "tapas", panini and flatbread. (FYI--this is NOT a tapas place at all, where's squid? mushrooms? paella?) This seems like a place mainly for drinks.
I was with 2 girlfriends and we weren't too hungry, just wanted a few bites. We started off with the soup of the day--spicy corn chowder, but it tasted more like a peppery, watery creamed corn. Yuck. For the panino we had the chicken pesto, which was good, nothing special. We also had the apple, prosciutto, honey flatbread which was too sticky sweet and the flavors just didn't come together well.
In the end we got a chocolate syrah cupcake which was not a good texture. 
If it wasn't for the excellent customer service and patient of the hostess/waitress/food preparer, this place would only have 2 stars. Come in, enjoy the music and the wine, but please eat somewhere else.
I came here again for my 22nd Birthday. The food and service was great but the place was a little loud and crowded. I made a reservations but we ended up running late. I called the host was nice and told me that I could just push back my reservation. Upon arriving I was greeted by name from the hose, server, busboys, and even the bartender. The drinks were also good. Valet parking was AMAZING.
This place is easy walking distance from my house, so when my roommates and I were first exploring Carrboro it was only natural for us to stop by.  I haven't been back since.

The portions of food that you're working with just aren't worth the price.  They're delicious, make no mistake.  As a matter of fact, if price wasn't an object I'd eat here pretty much constantly... The flavors are subtle yet vibrant and combine in some ways that I've never seen before.  And at only $4 per bite!

The wines are likewise decent, though the selection isn't what I'd normally like to see from a wine bar.  You get the feeling that they don't have a lot of concern for their customers, though, that the fact that they serve "wine and tapas" should be enough to make you swoon regardless of bad service.
Dine LA Fall 2010, lunch time edition. (Yeah, I know I am behind on my reviews)

Slowest service ever, but pretty good menu for $22.

I had the pork belly/poached egg salad in the first course. Yummy. 

Lamb stroganoff in the second course. The parpadelle was fresh, the lamb was tender, the mushrooms plentiful. It was a good dish and a nice take on the classic stroganoffs. 

The cornbread pudding was dreamy. More please!

Sadly, I don't have time for 2 hour lunches and was stressing over whether I would be able to finish my meal and make it back to work in time. I want to go back, I heard their happy hour is worth a visit or two.
I wanted to like Shay's, and I think under other circumstances I would have. The food was great, there was a good drink selection and fairly decent prices, and the atmosphere was dive bar without the gross.

The problem was, I had come with a large group, including a couple who were underage. They knew this, and realized they were designated drivers. We expected to get kicked out at 10:30 and were okay with this. 

They saw one 20 year old take a sip of her boyfriend's beer to conclude that, yes, the glass had soap still in it. They handed us the check. Again, kind of sucks, but totally reasonable. Plus at that point, it was almost 10:30. We were finishing up our drinks, and while we were paying, two of our party went to the bathroom.

Once they got our money, they started being a lot more aggressive. They made us hand back glasses that were unfinished and leave to wait in the rain for our two other members. During that time, most of the party went to the Boba place next door, but we were waiting for my brother's girlfriend. Without any real reason, the doorman started taunting my brother, trying to get him to fight him and just generally insulting him. Once he found out it was a girlfriend we were waiting for, he commented on my brother's ability to have a girlfriend, etc. Totally unprofessional and totally uncalled for. I had to hold my brother back, which was quite obviously the reaction this skinny white bouncer was going for.

We went from having a great time to having a shitty time in nothing flat. There were many ways that the situation could've been handled better. Our DD was in tears, my brother was seething, and people were just overall rained on. I'd like to go back, but I just have a really bad taste in my mouth about it now.
Daisy Bakers is one of my fav's...... the food is excellent and the decor is astounding.
If you are on a first date, or an anniversary dinner, a birthday, a reunion....you name it, its perfect.
as for the other review about the noise level....well considering it was a banquet and it was a reunion, the noise level in a cathedral space is going to be high, however for a sat night dinner, its perfect the noise is a common predictable level.
you have to go just for the atmosphere if anything, and a cocktail.
I love the food and the service is great.  The wine list has gotten a bit too  pricey but everything else is outstanding.
My new favorite Ithaca restaurant, hands-down.  Amazing bread, yummy cocktails (the Communist!), a killer meat plate...  Last night I ate their cioppino special and it was absolutely perfect.  Great desserts, too - love the cheesecake squares and the chocolate custard thing.  Everything is a winner.

Service is great and personable, atmosphere nice & with good lighting.  Love the booths - feels nice and private - great date night place.  I've also just sat at the bar and that was great too.
The food is simply amazing! Don't let the location deter you from going there. The food is just fantastic. Pork belly is to die for. I live in West Hollywood and all the places are just the same - too expensive, fancy and service sucks for the most part. Bacaro is different. If you want to try something different with great food - this place is must visit. I will definitely go back. i want to try going on Sunday for steak and potato day. It was 4 of us and the bill was about $160 with wine. We kept ordering and ordering. Next weekend we went to Bazar and spent $560 and brought our own wine. While waiting for dishes at Bazar, I was craving Bacaro.
Loved the idea of 5 for 6 until 7! Not to thrilled with the service. Had to flag down a bus boy to get another drink.  Ahi tuna, calamari, and the shrimp cocktail.
If I could give half stars I would give a 3.5 stars.

Came here with my family for a pre-birthday celebration. Our waiter was new so he got some things a little mixed up when we ordered our food. But I forgive him for that. :) 

The bread at the beginning was good. I really liked that fact that the "meat" of the bread was flavored with herbs. That was nice. We devoured the bread very quickly.

We all got some form of filet mignon. In general I like the cut of my meat. I also didn't need any sauce to go with the meat because the flavor itself was good enough. However, all of us agreed that our meat was over-salted. Good thing I had mashed potatoes with my dish to help cover up the saltiness. We also got a side of the green beans which were also delicious.

The dessert was probably the best! We got the molten lava cake which was absolutely yum! 

Reasons why only 3.5 stars:
1. the plate we received our filet mignons were very bare looking. Not that I'm asking for more things on the plate but it was just kind of disappointing to see a big plate with what seemed like a small piece of meat on it.
2. We spent a lot of money on food but left the restaurant still hungry and ended up getting Pinkberry for another round of dessert. That's not supposed to happen after a complete meal at a restaurant.

BUT, I added half a star because of the birthday gift I received: complimentary box of truffles and $25 gift card. That seems to be pretty unique to Flemings (only thing I've ever seen at other restaurants is a free dessert of some kind). And I liked our waiter too. :)
After hearing from our friend that Flemmings had a really good happy hour I, along with 3 other friends, decided to check the place out. When we got inside we were able to find an open table out on the lovely patio. The weather was great and it was a prime spot to enjoy a little happy hour.

Our server, Angela, was prompt to greet us and got our drinks started right away. She recommended a few appetizers and was able to  convince us to get all of them. Let me say... it was worth it! The calamari, stuffed mushrooms, and shrimp cocktail were all AMAZING. The kitchen brought them out pretty quickly and we all enjoyed them thoroughly. She recommended a few cocktails and we declined, but when we saw a few people drinking them next to us, we decided that we absolutely needed to have them next time. 

We also ordered burgers, which were a good size for a good price... $6 each I think. Great deal! Overall we had a great time, got our food quickly, and were provided spectacular service from our waitress. Thanks Angela!
My husband and I were visiting A2 and on the look out for a nice lace to have dinner. We decided to try Vinology since it had pretty decent reviews. We both do not eat meat and my husband is gluten free so ordering is sometimes a challenge. Although V is not gluten free conscious we were able to talk to the server and were accommodated appropriately. We had a vine flight which was fun, started with a cheese plate (which was good but the little sandwiches were way to greasy for my taste) and moved on to samosas and some sort of pepper dish. Overall, both were interesting and innovative and the only reason why I decided on 4 stars is bc my samosas came with a very oil based side where the eggplants were just soaked in it. That was a bummer, given that the rest of the meal and dessert (we each had the lava cake) were great.
Well, I have to admit, Flemings delivered the second time we went.  We heard from their management after our first complaint and they offered for us to come again, and we weren't dissappointed.  Dinner was great: the food the service -- all were very good.   We'd definitely go back, especially to the main dining room.  The only complaint I have (and the reason I'm not giving 5 stars) is our steaks were a bit overcooked.  My medium rare filet was more a medium light, but the distinction was subtle.  In any case, we'll be visiting Flemings again soon.
The night started strong for L and me at Cova.  Two great wine flights were on the table (and I'm sorry, but one flight equals more like 1.5 glasses of wine, not one, despite what the server says) and the tapas were beginning to roll out of the kitchen.  The place has a great vibe to it, our server was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable, and the food was superb.

The lump crab meat salad was first out of the gate, and we loved it.  They didn't skimp on the crab, and it was flavorful.  Next out was a superb lobster risotto, with huge chunks of lobster swimming in tasty saffron.  The cheese plate came out last - we weren't sure which ones to choose, so we told the server what we liked and she chose them for us.

We were having a great time, and this was on its way to being a five star kind of night.  Our server asked if we'd like dessert, but we were still busy noshing on cheese, so I said we'd think about that.  Then our server disappeared into the Bermuda Triangle.

In the meantime another server appeared to ask "Is everything okay over here?"  Yes.  She departed.

10 minutes passed.  Our original server appeared with her purse in hand, chatting with the bartender.  Then she left.

So, our server had been sent home for the night and our table was passed off to someone else.  Hey, thanks for telling us what was going on, Cova.  If I had known that was the case, I would have either told the new server that we'd like to look at the dessert menu or we'd like our check when you came by to ask how we were doing.

Instead, we sat there for 15 minutes trying to get someone's attention so we could get out of there, growing more irritated with every passing minute.  Then we waited some more after determining that the check was screwed up.  During that wait, the hostess offered to run my credit card for me (um, not until you fix the bill!).  No manager stopped by to apologize for them screwing up our night, either.

The food and wine are amazing.  The staff is hit or miss.
By far the best steakhouse I've been to. I actually had my graduation party at one of their restaurants in San Diego, so I was incredibly excited to have one up in the Bay Area.

I love the atmosphere of this place. It's such a fun and modern steakhouse. The bar is nice and open, with fun booths to sit in as well. The bartenders are always incredibly friendly and the first time I came here my bartender made me a really fun drink that was a mix of a Raspberry Lemon Drop and a Cosmo. Really good!

Their huge wine selection is always a plus (100 bottles by the glass). Definitely doesn't limit you to drinking what the other people in your party are having. 

Our server, Justin, was amazing. He had endless amounts of suggestions from cocktails to wines to entrees. I got a petite fillet and the table got blue cheese mashed potatoes, mushrooms, onion rings and mac&cheese. Everything was delicious. The steak was perfectly medium rare and all the sides were amazing.

I would definitely recommend this place as for really fun and hip steakhouse for people that love wine!!!
Late Sunday happy hour this month (October 2012!)   They have seasonal blue moon (pumpkin). :)

Came here for a late happy hour, a prime cheeseburger, calamari, and carpaccio! The portions were very generous for a nice happy hour place, and the service was really great too!!!   definitely a place to check out!
I just returned from Easter Sunday brunch at Eno, which was three courses with a small selection for each course, for $40.  I had a very tasty rhubarb salad to start, a delicious and very nicely plated halibut with olives, onion and potato as a main dish, and an OK caramel mousse for dessert.  The mousse was the low point (rating just average), but the others were quite nice.  Some others at the table tried mussels to start (very good), or a Caesar salad (ehh, OK).  The most disappointing main dish was the French toast, which two at our table ordered and neither finished.  It was a little dry and straightforward, and lonely on the plate.  One other person ordered the pasta carbonara which was passable, but not spectacular.  The fish was the best of the three.  The dessert that most of our table ordered was trio of sorbet that had some funky, interesting twists like a cassis and fennel sorbet and received general praise.

The service was excellent, and the waitstaff was well trained.  The atmosphere had a Mediterranean flavor if you could get past the goofy  yellow adam-eve-snake-tomato art on the wall.  The food was all passable, some was downright tasty, and no complaints. However for the price, I would've expected just a little more creativity from the kitchen.  The fourth star is a stretch, but the service puts it over the top.
So we decided to give the place another shot Wednesday night.  This time we went straight to a table in the dining room.  We had an excellent, friendly, knowledgable server.  We went later in the evening and decided to split some appetizers between the two of us.  We got the seared tuna, the calamari, the mussels.  We also split a burger.  Everything was amazing!  The favors were delectible, everything was fresh and perfectly cooked.  We drank Grolsch beer with the ceramic stoppers.  We also got to watch people swing dance.  I think they do this every week.  It was fun to watch and the music was great.  At some point  someone started playing some sort of horn for the dancers.  It was great!  We stayed for more drinks but remained at our table instead of going to the bar. We are glad we went back.  Next time we will try some entrees since the appetizers were so tasty.
Went to the theatre, and the Napa Valley Grille was close by. It was fine, not outstanding, expensive for what it was, as I recall. Didn't have to siren call to go back again.
Cool spot by USC, creative menu that will keep your foodie friends intrigued. Very intimate with a college ambiance, excellent beer and wine selection. Definitely a keeper.
LOVE!!

My boyfriend and I are soo excited that we found this awesome wine bar! I have only been there once, but the experience was overall awesome and we can't wait to return!

The place is cute, clean, nice and busy, and you don't have to yell (which to me is a major plus).

We sat at the bar (which I prefer at a wine bar). The bartender was SO friendly and attentive. She made me an awesome cocktail to start, and then we moved on to the delicious wine. We wanted to sit and enjoy ourselves and order food slowly while we drank, and we never felt rushed.

We ordered the coca app which was delicious, the cheese plate, mini lobster rolls, and the fried green tomatoes. All were delicious and we left full. The overall bill was just over $100 which is not bad for that much food, a cocktail, and probably 6 glasses of wine between the two of us. 

I cannot wait to return!
The waitresses are nice, they have good beer and it's the only place in Harvard Square where you can sit outside just to booze, so I like it.
Been here a few times so I don't think any of my experiences are outliers now - skip this place for happy hour, there are much better around. Last time I came here was with a big group of co-workers, so they stuck us in the back room. Great until we realized that meant they could ignore us more easily, service was super slow. We had to ask the server multiple times for water, she brought the wrong drinks, she poured wine on my friend's phone (!!!) while serving her, she hit my other friend in the head with a plate...I mean come on...
It took over 30 min to get the tab, at which point we realized she had overcharged us, tack on another 15 minutes for one of us to discuss this with her. The worst part was that we were forced to give her an 18% gratuity since we were a large group - probably why she felt comfortable with ignoring us, since she knew her tip was secured. 
If you want a better happy hour in westwood, go to the Glendon or Palomino's instead, I know our large group will be taking our money to one of these fine places in the future!
Very disappointed with this place. First off the food is really good but the portions are very small. I was part a large group and the waiter failed to tell ANY of us when we ordered what we were actually getting. It took us three hours from the time we sat down to the time we received our check. It was only after we talked to a manager the service good even close to being normal. 20 minutes would go by and we would not see our server, empty drinks, missing forks, napkins and even menus. When we first sat down we did not get a kids menu for at least 25 min and we must of asked three times. We were told they were being printed. I finally went up to the front and ask for one, them, finally we got the kids some food. What sucks is that I really liked the food but never will we go back there again. O by the way, my check was $880.00 you think we would have got an apology from the manager or something. The manager failed not the staff, this place is yummy but is really lacking when it comes to service.
5 for 6 til 7 is their Happy Hour slogan

Went with a friend and she got the Tenderloin Carpaccio and I got the Sweet Chile Calimari and we shared a Fleming's Prime Burger with swiss cheese which was WAY more than enough food for the both of us!

The Carpaccio was pretty tasty, if you're going to order the Calimari, tip is to order it with sauce on the side or else it just gets soggy, and you basically can't go wrong with the burger, which by the way, comes with the MOST AMAZING ONiON RINGS you will ever taste in your life! Don't believe me? PLEASE go and try it for yourselves!

Only gave it an A-OK because I feel like I def need to go back and try the rest of the menu as well as their drinks! From what I can recall, they had a light beer for real cheap as well as other specialty drinks too.

Oh yeah, parking is a bitch! There is a garage but it was full when we went and hard to circle bunch of times to find street parking.
My Girlfriend & I have dined at few Fleming's Las Vegas, Fresno & Walnut Creek. We've dined twice in the past two weeks in Palo Alto. The first time we sat at a bar booth, being that she only wanted a salad I was in no hurry to eat. We spent the first part of our evening overlooking the extensive wine list, over 100 bottles of wine by the glass. we met with the OP (who I believe is the GM) who suggested a few wines to us & gave us some generous samples. After about 2 1\2 glasses of wine I ordered the Prime Rib rare & Fleming's Potatoes, she ordered Caesar Salad & Baked Potato. The Prime Rib came just as I hoped red & tender, the Fleming's Potatoes had nice spicy kick to them, the Caesar was fresh & crisp and the Baked Potato was actually Clean. No room for dessert this time but overall i give the bar experience a 5, Staff was friendly atmosphere was great & they had the Sharks game on.
Before we left we made reservations for the following week, this time I would bring her parents. We sat in the dining room at one of the larger booths next to their wine reserve room. Very impressive I must say though I noticed it's all young vintages, I prefer aged wines at least 5 years in bottle. Our server Steve was great, friendly & helpful. We begun the night with their house baked bread & starter plate, everyone loved the bread except for me the wheat on top was too hard though I loved the Olive Tapenade Cheese Spread. All four of us split two Fleming's Salads which were crisp & refreshing some kind of a lemon olive oil dressing. For our entree we ordered Bone-in Rib Eye, Petite Fillet & two Salmons, sides were Creamed Spinach, Sugar Snap Peas & Fleming's Potatoes (again). The Bone-in for myself was Cooked perfectly to my Desire medium-rare & looked great on the plate and tasted awesome, plate presentation on the Salmon was simple but but nice they loved it and the Fillet was also a hit. once again we skiped dessert all-in-all we had a great a night. the staff was friendly food was great & the wine is awesome. A much better experience than I was expecting after reading these other reviews
Such a fun evening!  Reconnecting with an old friend - and never missing a beat since our last get-together - is always a good thing, but friendship wasn't the only good thing on the night's menu.  

First of all, my expectation of the space was completely different - in a good way - from what we found.  A wine bar with fine food to me meant a little stuffy with snotty waiters recommending high falutin' wines.  What we discovered was a smallish warm, dark, intimate and casual space with warm and friendly service.  Cody made some fine suggestions for my dining companion (not a wine drinker here) to accompany each course.

Neither my friend nor I could pass up an appetizer of Shrimp & Grits.  Habenero cheddar grits topped with shrimp and finished with brown sugar?  Amazing.  Three shrimp were perfectly cooked - no rubbery shrimp here - the grits were tender and cheddary with that little kick of heat, but the brown sugar raised each of the ingredients to a new level.  I may have found my favorite shrimp n grits in the 'Burgh.

As we'd started out earlier in the day and stopped at Silky's for a little pre-dinner libation while waiting for Toast! to open at 5:00, I wasn't all that hungry.  Instead of an entree, next I settled on a simple spinach salad with a bacon vinaigrette, red onion slivers and topped with a fried egg.  Delicious.  The only small disappointment was that the egg had been fried too long and at too high a temperature.  I wish it hadn't been crunchy on the bottom and wish it HAD had a nice runny yolk that could have become part of the bacon dressing.  It was still a fine salad.  My Maryland friend had the Scottish salmon which she enjoyed immensely!

Thank goodness I saved room for dessert!  Again, simple made my dessert a star.  I don't remember what it was called, but fresh banana halves were sprinkled with brown and then bruleed to a crunchy finish, topped with a scoop of Dave & Andy's walnut ice cream and drizzled with a rum caramel.  It was better than bananas Foster!  My dining companion had the espresso mousse with fresh strawberries.  Another delicious dish!  

Cody clued us in that Toast! is opening a second location on Western Avenue on the Northside in a few weeks.  I'm looking forward to trying that location, too....and hoping the parking situation is better than the Baum Boulevard location.  Take quarters and PRAY you can find a meter!  Parking situation be damned, I'm going back to this Toast! SOON!
Been here several times, but because it's a bit of a drive, not as often as I would like. The best part is the wine by the glass selection from the bar and wine list, but the steaks are first class too, and these guys really know how to cook them.

Try the calamari, as Eunjoo suggests, and don't screw up and forget to order a steak. My favorite is the filet, which I have a hard time varying from because it's so good.

Nice bar, but as with most steakhouses it's smaller than it should be, but better than many. Service is good, but not as good as Mastro's, Donovan's, TrueLuck's or Ruth's Chris.

The sides and desserts here are also not up to par with the competition, but if you're going for the steak and wine, you may be willing to overlook that. I'm willing to do that once a year for this place, but usually opt for Ruth's instead. They just have the whole meal down better in my opinion.

If you have not tried Flemming's though, you definitely should. With the addition of direct competitor TrueLuck's next door in the same restaurant complex at Aventine, I will have a hard time choosing this place over that one when I'm down in this area. Plus TrueLuck's on Wednesdays has 50 wines at 50% off.
Not a bad place in Waterloo...particularly because its a stone's throw from where I always end up crashing.  They do have a nice wine and beverage list, and I really enjoyed my white wine sangria. It was filled with fresh strawberries and mango chunks.  Boozy woozy!

I had the burger stuffed with goat cheese, with roasted tomatoes and pesto...it was moist, flavourful, and very delicious.  Sweet potato fries with a side of lemon aioli, ditto ($16).
My friend had the Shrimp Nicoise, which she loved.  It looked very fresh and light and delicious.  I've also heard amazing things about the lobster clubhouse ($21).  

We enjoyed our food, and the back patio is lovely!  Its not cheap, but the quality and experience was good.
We dined here on a recent Saturday night around 5:30 PM for the first time.  Our server was Andy and he was excellent at explaining things on the menu and making suggestions.  He was around when we needed him and didn't introude upin the meal at all.  The pacing of the entire evening was great as well.  We chose a few on the hot apps from the checklist and while they were very small. . they were quite good.  We each ordered a pasta dish - my hubby had the Bolognese whihc was amazing and I ordered papardelle with mushrooms, a poached egg on top and truffle oil.  It was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten.  For desert we shared the apple tart and it was delicious.  All in all a great night with some amazing food. We would def. go back as the menu is varied with many good sounding dishes.
This review is for the HAPPY HOUR only.

Being in westwood, two great places for happy hour all day cocktails are Napa valley grille and Palomino.  While I love both places, I think Napa valley definitely does have the better drinks.  I ordered a bourbon based drink with a hint of apple, which was amazing.  The sangria was delicious as well.

At $5 - $6 a drink, it's totally worth coming here for the great cocktails that are definitely pretty strong.  You can also get $2 beer here as well.

It's a great place to wind down after a long week and grab a drink with coworkers / friends
Just got home.  Sooooooo disappointed.  If you can spare a second, read on.  

So it is my sister's birthday.  To be honest, we are steak house snobs.  We've been to Ruth's Chris a few times the past few months, and we've been to Donovan's together for my birthday.  I had been to Fleming's for dinner a few years back (good memories) and thought that it would be a great place for her birthday dinner since she'd never been.

We arrived to the restaurant (and we were late, so it was nice of them to accommodate us...but there were empty tables anyways).  Our server was energetic and had a fun personality.  Things were off to a good start!  Lots of laughs and smiles all around.

The bread and spreads that accompanied it were delish.  We demolished the bread and waited for a bit before my sister's soup came.  The soup was good.  Then we got our main courses.  Yum yum yum!  Our server checked up on us right as we started our dinner, and said he would be back to get my thoughts on the creamed corn that I had ordered as a side.  Then something peculiar happened...he didn't come back.  I enjoyed my fillet mignon and devoured it.  The side of potatoes we ordered was VERY VERY good.  The creamed corn wasn't great.  It wasn't that creamy and was kind of flavorless.  It did have a spicy kick to it...but a kick is different from flavor.  If you eat it with the cheese that comes on top of it, it's better...but not great.  So server, there is what I have to say about that since you never came back!!  

We finished our meals then waited for about 10 minutes before one of the bus boys came and packaged our leftovers.  Then we waited for another 10 minutes with an empty table.  I was antsy because I had wanted to preorder a lava cake for dessert...but we were sitting waiting for 20 minutes.  Our server came around and said that he had gone ahead and had the kitchen put one in the oven because he knew that we were interested in getting a lava cake for dessert.  YESSSS.  THANK YOU!  That was thoughtful!  Okay that was a little redemption there.  But wait...we waited another 20-25min for our chocolate lava cake!!!!  My sister the birthday girl was NOT happy.  Nor was I.  I think our server knew how slow and crappy the 2nd half of dinner was because he definitely was not outgoing towards the end.  And neither were we.  AWFUL!!  It took 1hr 45min for dinner...for 2 of us!  What the heck?!  

To be honest I don't know if I'll ever be back.  So disappointed.  Our server started out so well...he had a great personality...I don't know what happened.  He was a good guy, but just kind of avoided us for the 2nd half of dinner.  =(  I guess there was a large private party that slowed everything down, but check in with us and don't avoid us!  Since it was my sister's birthday I bit my tongue.  But as you can see from this long freakin' post, I am really upset that I spent $100+ on dinner for two, and left really unhappy.  I hate giving low ratings (and it is very rare that I give them), but tonight was supposed to be a fun dinner with my sister and it ended up being a disappointment.

And if you made it this far...thanks for sparing the 'second' (aka 2 minutes)
This place is awesome during happy hour! Although I've never ate at the regular dining, but their happy hour menu is a great sneak peek of their dining menu. I wouldn't order the carpaccio again, however, the seared ahi salad is super yummy! Me and my friends always get a prime burger since it's a great filler! The burger is always cooked as requested, medium rare. I definitely try to make my way over for dinner whenever I'm free between 5-7!
This for sure tbe best steak house i have ever been too.The food is always great.
Bacaro is pretty solid. My parents hate it, and I've heard some poor reviews from other friends...but that has never been the case on the 4 times I've dined there. 

In short, more than half of the menu mirrors the one from Al Forno, but Bacaro succeeds in capturing the same high degree of quality, so I guess that's what matters. Everything is executed well with great presentation and robust flavor. Moreover, they even have some dishes that have since been removed from the Al Forno menu while others are novel and equally as delicious. Ingredients are of the highest quality here. As far as the service- the wait staff has always been excellent, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive, even those who were new...so no complaints there. 

Food:
-Grilled pizza- best grilled pizza in the northeast (unless of course, you get it at Al Forno)...they also offer their own unique takes with prosciutto or goat's milk cheese. These are fantastic, a must if you go. 
-Chef's Salumi Board- really interesting, and an awesome, diverse offering if you are willing to spend the $32
-Traditional Caesar Salad- also excellent, well dressed, and the freshly grilled croutons make it. 
-Rigatoni With Veal Bolognese- this will be one of the better bolognese you'll ever have. 
-Pasta Con I Funghi- good if you are a fan of truffles and mushrooms. it is really rich though, so keep that in mind...I couldn't finish it. 

Dessert:
-Be sure you leave room for the tarts...they truly offer the perfect finish to the meal. Don't get caught up with the having to order them early...don't hesitate, just order something with your apps/entrees, you won't be disappointed. 
-Assortment homemade chocolates- personally, I thought this was over-rated. But it might be a lighter finish to a filling meal. I'd definitely try the other desserts, namely the tarts, over this. 

Last, and more importantly, don't come here without getting the CRISPY CHICKEN. 
Crunchy chicken, buttered noodles, and salty parmigiano reggiano over pasta fagioli. Honestly, other items might sound more appealing...but give this a try. It is one of the more popular dishes and really is amazing.

One more thing, I haven't been since they changed the prices...but as good as the dishes may be, I don't think they are worth $30 a plate.
Some of the best happy hour in San Diego. I always come for their $6 cocktails and $6 burger. The seating can be taken up pretty quickly so it's best to come around 5 and reserve some seats for your friends. There's seating outside but during the winter it can get pretty cold. Seating inside is more limited but there are also seats around the bar as well. The burgers are huge and so delicious. They come with a side of onion rings as well. The cocktails are pretty much usually the same but I always opt for the pomtini since it has more of a fruity flavor and masks the taste of the alcohol more than the other drinks. There are other beers and wine for selection too. For those who don't feel like eating a burger they have other appetitizers available too like their ahi tuna and calamari. The portions are pretty generous so you should share with friends.
A couple of my husband's work friends wanted to get together for brunch and picked Napa Valley Grille based on the Yelpers. It's tucked away in a less trafficked corner of Westwood Village, quiet and adjacent to a parking garage (note: they do not validate, if you want free parking, go to the lot a couple blocks over on Broxton).

We had a reservation, but maybe because of Carmageddon, we didn't need one. There were only a few other occupied tables in the place. Our waitress was lovely and very attentive, but the food took forever (not her fault). She even brought over additional bread, after a free serving of coffee cake, to tide us over. 

The menu here is made up of small plates and the waitress' suggestion was three to five plates for two people, which turned out to be perfect. Great time, elegant setting, and all very reasonably priced.
After a hellish experience across the street at the Yankee Doodle Crap Room, we were so relieved at the friendly faces and delicious-looking plates we spied in the windows at Teresa's. What an antidote to our morning! Charming hostess, adorable server, and two baskets of that mind-blowing Witherspoon Bread and olive oil -- we were brought back to life. My cappuccino was foamy delicious, and J's Americano was the real deal -- they bring a shot of espresso in a coffee mug and add hot water in front of you (not instant, as the previous commenter mentioned, but truly authentic). We ordered off the brunch menu: a frittata for J and crepes with smoked salmon for me. Both well-constructed, mine finished perfectly with scallions and a not-too-heavy bechemel. The pizzas looked beautiful too, and I'll definitely be back to try them. 

Definitely a place I'd ask my parents to take me for brunch if I were a poor Princeton student, and there was plenty of that going on! Adorable place, interesting food, and terrific service.
We came here for the Thanksgiving dinner. The prix-fixe menu offered plenty of choices, but it's Thanksgiving, so of course we had to have the turkey. 

For the app, I got chicken liver mousse, which was delicious: creamy, and well-seasoned. They forgot to bring me the bread that went with it. No problem, the bread basket they brought us was filled with all different sorts of bread. Loved the soft white rolls, resembling a biscuit but not flaky. Portions are definitely not a problem here. 

Both of us got the turkey. Something went wrong with the brining and the white meat was too salty. However, the stuffing was absolutely incredible and I would have been happy to have had nothing but stuffing as my entire meal. But where were the other sides? A couple of bites of sweet potato, and that was it.  No other vegetable? I wanted green beans, (preferably in a casserole with onion rings and mushroom soup).

On the plus side, the white chocolate dessert was absolutely delicious. Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience. The service was gracious, the room is attractive, but the food was a little hit and miss.
Firstly I want to clarify that this review is for lunch and not happy hour, which this place seems more well known for.

The good: the ambiance of this place is amazing. The decor is really elegant and beautiful, possibly the fanciest restaurant around in Westwood. I came here on a meal that was comped in a large group of about 10, so we were seated in one of the private rooms in the back. Service was impeccable, but I'm not sure if this would be the case if I were dining at the smaller tables out front.

Oh, and the bread. The bread and sauce that comes with it in the beginning was DELICIOUS. 

The bad: the bread was probably the best part of the meal, and the waiters were stingy with it. I ordered the roast beef sandwich which came with a side of Caesar salad. The salad was really good; the vegetables were fresh and crunchy, croutons were delicious, and there was just the right amount of sauce. My friends who ordered salads said theirs were pretty good, so if you're coming for lunch, I would definitely recommend getting a salad, because the sandwich was not good at all.

Bread was dry, meat was basically raw (making it really hard to chew) and totally flavorless, and I couldn't taste the supposed sauce they used or the cheese. It was just all around disappointing. Just barely edible and that's about it.

Detailed breakdown: I would give the sandwich 1 star, bread and salad 4 stars, environment 4 stars, and service 3 stars.

Although I didn't pay the $15 (without tax&tip) this would have cost, I don't think it would have been worth it. In other words: if you care more about ambiance than the food itself, this would be a perfectly fine place to come. If you want to eat something other than bread and salad... keep walking.
Went here on a Sunday night recently, not knowing about the $35 prime rib meal, which is a great deal if you like prime rib, so that was the first pleasant surprise.  The service was really great, except for the fact that the kitchen mixed up our order.  When the waiter came out with the wrong dish for me, he immediately apologized and sent in a new order for both of our meals.  The manager came over like 3 times while we were waiting to apologize and comp'd us 2 rounds of drinks for our trouble.

The food was outstanding!  Hubby had the prime rib, and I had a petite filet, which was one of the best steaks I've ever had.  I normally like my meat more on the well-done side, but didn't want to mess up such an expensive piece of steak, so I went with the waiter's recommendation of medium and it was fantastic!   The Fleming's signature potatoes are to die for, and I had a taste of hubby's Wedge salad which was out of this world.   We're not wine drinkers, but the mixed drinks we had were good and strong.   

This restaurant will definitely go on our list of special occasion places.
Great new local place.  Felt like I was in San Francisco once I was sitting inside.  Got the 3 cheeses + olives, if it's any sign for how the real food is, I'm excited to go again!   Definitely dark from the outside, but go on in, it's worth it.  

I posted not good for groups because it's so small, but there were a few groups of 8 sitting there when we went.
Excellent food, excellent service.  Pricey, but definitely worth it.  The ambiance is cozy and classy as you sit in a room with just a few other tables.  The Pot de Creme is amazing.
This place has a great happy hour but I'm not writing about that today.  TODAY, my boss was paying and so I'm writing about the expensive regular menu that is fantastic.

Started off with the Carrot Ginger soup, such a good beginner to the meal.  Cream based but light enough that it doesn't fill you up.

For the entree, we split three dishes between the group:

Rack of lamb - my boss got this, he liked it cooked well done so I don't blame the chef for it being overcooked.  It was tender and well seasoned.

I got the duck with white asparagus cooked medium. Exquisite dish seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The white asparagus were slightly overdone, but had a crisp texture to them.  The orange reduction sauce was a perfect compliment to the soup appetizer. 

Loup de Mer - this is the dish to order.  Hell, this is a dish that I wish I'd stabbed my friend and taken his plate away after I ate the two small bites that he exchanged for part of my duck.  Cooked to perfection, seasoned lightly and absolutely no fishy taste whatsoever.  This was a five-star dish served alongside of an array of  four star dishes.  I actually was embarrassed for my duck after tasting this.  No reason to order anything but this if you love fish.

Drinks were good but I only had Belvedere on the rocks.  Can't really judge the bar when you buy straight liquor on ice.  Great ambiance and well located in the Westwood Village.  Hooray for work dinners!
I went there with a friend visiting from the UK and wanted to give her a good dinner--- I've also been there a few times before. 

The food is tasty and we were allowed to play around with some of the pizza options, with some suggestions by a waitress. 

Although we felt our waitress was on the rude side, we shared our thoughts with the restaurant and they were very receptive and understood.

The rest of the staff was great-- as are the owners. 

Decently priced, nicely located--- can do a nice dinner with a group, or a lunch with a friend- fits different occasions.
Melt-in-you-mouth tenderloin carpaccio and perfectly seasoned fried calamari left my stomach content. Get the calamari with sauce on the side because it's true that the sauce leads to sogginess. Despite our request, the sauce was not put on the side. ;/ The prime burger is very tasty, although the bun was a bit "too buttery" for my taste. My boyfriend would beg to differ. Served with two large fried onion rings completed the dish.

Service was excellent. Our waters were never empty, and the wines well complimented the appetizers.

Wish their cocktail menu was bigger, but they're going for the whole "5 for $6 each before 7" motto. None of the cocktails offered during happy hour seem appealing, so I might have to try Truluck's happy hour based on Jenna N.'s recommendation.
Wonderful Spot.

Lior, the chef, is personable and made sure everyone in the restaurant was happy. He went above and beyond good customer service.

The Sangria is very good. Like others have noted, it does not taste strong, but we surely got toasted.

My favorite dish was the lamb stuffed eggplant. Wow, it was delicious. The eggplant was cooked perfectly, it was not mushy or sour. The bottom had an amazing crispiness to it. The lemon sauce is the perfect compliment to the dish. 

Other favorites:
clam dish (that sauce!, wish there was more bread!)
lamb burger was cooked perfectly. It's a little hard to eat but worth it. 
Bacon & Brie Pizza... I don't even like Brie but this was SO GOOD! The flavors worked so well together.

BREAD PUDDING! holy moly it was so good. 
Cookie dough dessert was ok but I definitely recommend the bread pudding!

I definitely recommend this place!
I've never been more disappointed in a $200 meal in my life. The girlfriend and I went here to celebrate a huge work promotion and had huge hopes for the place. 

I will say that the service and apps were OK, but the steaks were bland and tasteless! Fleming's doesn't deserve to call itself a steakhouse! A steakhouse has good steak...something Fleming's clearly doesn't have!

My first clue that there was problem was when I saw salt and pepper shakers at the table. A good steak never needs any added seasoning. They must put these seasonings out because they know how bland their steaks are!

The chef at Riviera Supper Club when I go there is way better than the one at Fleming's ;). I will never go back and will never recommend it to any friends or clients!

The worst part of all was the ambience. The place was so loud that when I closed my eyes, I felt like I was at Dick's Last Resort! There were people screaming, yelling running around...it was a mess!
It's a cute little Italian restaurant with an ambiance suitable for both casual meals as well as dates.

It's the quality of food that makes this place so worthwhile. On top of that, the prices aren't too high either. Everything seems to be made with fresh, quality ingredients. I'd definitely recommend the Conchiglie Balsamico -- that dish is jam-packed with flavor.

*In comparison to a common italian chain restaurant such as Olive Garden, Teresa's Cafe would definitely be a step up from that in their quality & the prices are similar too.

The only thing I could complain about is the wait time during the dinner rush -- especially on Friday nights. And if that's not too much of an issue, then this place is surely worth your while
Drop what you're doing and go to Biba! Now!

You know when you get a Groupon, and you go to spend and enjoy it and you're like, "Well gosh, that was fun, but I still ended up spending $XX and the place was so expensive I'll probably never return..."?

I assure you, you won't have to feel that way at Biba, Groupon or not.

Biba is small, warm and inviting. We sat at the giant island in the middle of the room, which made me feel like I was sitting in someone's grand kitchen. Service was superb. Wines were tasty. The food was phenomenal. Win, win, win. 

Roasted rosemary Marcona almonds ($3) were a simple start to our dinner, though next time I think I'll try something a bit more adventurous from the menu. Toasts with a pungent bleu cheese, smeared with spiced pear butter ($4.50) were wonderful. I had the truffled egg ($7) which was HANDS DOWN the most savory dish I've ever had. Served in a personal-pan-sized cast iron skillet, the egg, fontina cheese, spinach, mushroom and potato sizzled as I generously dipped my crusty bread. The truffle oil was strong, but isn't it always? 

My boyfriend had the prosciutto panino ($9), (not sure why they call them "panino" instead of "panini"...anyone know the difference? It just sounds pretentious to me) which was served with a small arugula salad on the side. 

I hope to "biba"ck soon.

Sorry, that was really bad.
Cute little wine bar with good wine and great food.  Only downside to this place is that it's packed with USC students who are really noisy, but as long as you come expecting that, it's not too bad.  

I had several different dishes here and they were mostly delicious - among them were the following:
*  burrata (always good)
*  the bruschetta (super garlicky and amazing - I could have probably just eaten this all night)
*  pig ears (eh, pass  - too salty)
*  cheese plate (always good)

They are really big on encouraging reservations for private parties, so sometimes it can be hard to find a seat because they will be packed with really big private parties in a bar that's not very big.  However, if you manage to snag a seat, it's a really nice low-key place where you can just drink and chat with friends.  The plus to it being a rather noisy bar is that you can just yell and talk crap with your friends and not have anybody harass you about it.

Waitstaff here is also super friendly and nice.  

I want to come back and try the beefsteak Sunday and bacaro burger next time!
Yum!  Week night eductaional dinner, other room next door extremely noisy for awhile, it was COLD!  We had limited menu, great french onion soup, OK Ceasar salad, Yummy creamed spinach and mashed potatoes, Flavorful tender steak, they topped it off with creme brulee.   Very nice wine too. Yum!  May have to go back for a regular dinner. :-)
I ate twice there and everytime I was greatly surprise. Will go back when in town.
I made reservations online and noted that we were dining there to celebrate our anniversary and requested a more secluded area of the restaurant, if possible. We got there and were seated tucked in a quiet corner, which was nice - we weren't in the middle of all the noise from the other parties in the restaurant. The staff also signed a card wishing us a happy anniversary. Cheesy, but I thought it was a nice gesture on their part. Although, I would've preferred dessert on the house or something like that.

We ordered the following:

Appetizer - Seared ahi tuna - Yummy!

Side - I didn't order any sides, but my husband had the baked potato, nothing special - what do you expect from a baked potato?

Main - My husband had the Prime Ribeye and loved it. I had the King crab and Shrimp scampi. I know I should've ordered steak at a steakhouse, but I love seafood. I actually expected King crab *legs*, but it was just pieces of king crab in the dish. The menu didn't say *legs*. I also expected it to come with pasta since I'm so used to shrimp scampi with pasta. But nevertheless, the dish was delicious!

Dessert - My husband had the chocolate lava cake. I've had better from Roy's, but this one was yummy too. I had the watermelon sherbet. It wasn't that great  - I should've ordered my own lava cake too, haha.

I also had a great glass of Riesling.

Our waiter was very attentive. My only complaint was the way people were dressed. I took the time to dress up a little and was disappointed to see others in just t-shirts and jeans, even shorts.
Great steakhouse
Super Nom Nom! ^__^

Thank you Yelppers! I'm so glad we stopped here. 

Okay, so the food is great but the service was amazing. I am notorious for hitting places right as they are about to close and I am even worse about all of my crazy requests and questions. Our server handled me like a champ! The food and service was quality even at 10:30pm. 

There were three of us dining and we had 3 different pizzas. I had the Margarita. It was a little different than what you would usually think a Margarita pizza would be like; no diced tomatoes, but very fresh tomato sauce and basil. The other pizzas I blank on the names of. One had fresh eggplant and tomato. The other was quite strange with mushrooms, black truffles, spinach, and egg. I know this sounds weird, but it kinda tasted like biscuits and gravy. I really don't know why but everyone at the table agreed on that. We also agreed that even though it was the strangest pizza we had ever eaten and didn't really taste like pizza at all, it was freekin' amazing. 

For dessert we had a very scrumptious chocolate thingy. Sorry to be so bad about names but I wasn't planning on writing a review at the time. It was chocolate goo covered in more chocolate goo with the freshest and sweetest strawberries I have ever had on top. I also had an absolutely perfect cappuccino. 

Again, amazing restaurant and such great service!
I really enjoyed the food here, and it was a nice relaxed place to have dinner. The service was great and though we did have to wait a bit for a table, they gave us a lot of really yummy bread and spiced olive oil once we sat down. 

We got the mixed antipasto and the day's special stuffed artichoke as appetizers, and they were both GREAT. The pizza entrees were very very good, but I really wasn't impressed by the pasta entrees. Everyone's pasta entree was OK... but just not that great. Coming from an Italian family, we're tough critics of pasta... but there were some things that were just off.... like my "risotto" wasn't really risotto, it was rice in tomato sauce. No white wine, parmesano... no risotto texture. Everything did taste good though, but I would recommend the pizza over the pastas. 

Didn't try desserts, will definitely update once I try more things.
Shay's collects all sorts of Cambridge types, everyone is welcome. Me and my stilettos included. Yes it's a dive bar, but it's got charm. There's a real easy going judgement free atmosphere here, and if you're alone you'll probably end up finding someone to talk to. The food and drink selections are relatively simple, but that's fine. You come here to gather, not to critique 5-star worthy cuisine. It's cheap, easy to get to if you live/work in Cambridge, and is just a really great spot.
I like Shay's.  It's the sort of place you go to have a quiet drink, and a chat.  Chances are, you'll end up chatting with another patron, and they will probably be someone rather interesting.  It's that sort of place.
I love their HH... one of my favorite spots in La Jolla area. I think their HH has a good selection for so cheap. White cosmos are good. Wine selections are okay. I love the carpaccio, burger, and ravioli. 

When I went for dinner, they over cooked my steak so I was a little disappointed that they didn't get it right. I hate wasting food and complaining to send it back but I had to. 

I like how the manager is very personal and comes to greet you!
Had a problem here with obnoxious guests next to us when Flemings was under old management.  Old mangagement did nothing even after follow-up call and email. New management addressed my problem on the same day I emailed, AND THEN SOME. Am now a fan again.  Will definitiely be coming back. Food was and is always awesome for me.
I arrived two minutes before happy hour ended at 7PM and the server was kind enough to take my order for a half liter of sangria with the happy hour price! So nice of him!! Most places would never do that for a patron.

I read rave reviews of the sangria and my expectations were fulfilled! Very fruity but not too sweet. Even my boyfriend liked it and he's not a fan of sangria. 

We ordered 3 small plates and it was enough for the two of us. 

Bacaro Burger - open-face burger with a sauce that tastes similar to thousand island. Add a friend egg on top for $1 for added flavor and texture.
Bacon & Brie Pizza - with tomato sauce and jalapenos. They serve the waxy part too on each slice so if you don't like that part, then I wouldn't get this pizza. 
Grilled Romaine Salad - it was okay. I wish it was grilled a little bit more and served with more beets. 

The funniest part was when we were outside the restaurant walking across the street to our cars and a man opened the restaurant door and yelled "Thank you!" I believe it was the owner, who else would do that? So odd but sweet! A little bit of kindness goes a long way. I like this place :)
Came here a while ago with a large group of friends for someone's birthday. I came late, but after seeing what my friends ordered, I decided not to order there. Pasta dishes were only okay and not cheap at all. The place was very crowded and I wasn't digging the ambiance. The waitstaff seemed a little condescending to me. The older crowd was definitely getting better service. And to top it off, when we pulled out our own cake, they offered to cut it for us and charged us an additional $20! If there was a no-outside-food policy, they should have told us or at least warned us that cake-cutting resulted in ridiculous charges on our bill. One of the most unpleasant experiences I've ever had. Never coming here again.
Went here on a 1/2 price deal from the Entertainment Book.
Was completely blown away by how great this place was.
The inside of this place is really cozy with bottles of wine laying horizontal in the ceiling configuration.  It has the friend's house kitchen feel that makes you want to return over and over again

We had
Grilled Panini with Black Forest Ham and Carmelized onions
Pan seared Scallops
Grilled Petite Fillet
Roasted Garlic Pizza

The food far exceeds expectation of what to receive at your typical wine bar.  The food is gourmet, tasty, yummy, take your pick.  Wine lists were fantastic and service was so on point.  I tried my best to find a downside to this place, but wasn't able to.   Bacaro LA, you are the best.

.
This place is a hidden treasure amidst the cracked out neighborhood of USC.  I love the casual and welcoming decor - wine bottles line the ceiling and the menu (which literally changes daily for both food and wine) is written on a floor to ceiling chalk board.

The waiters/sommeliers are so friendly and informative, taking the time to sit down, explain wines, and chat with you.  You can truly tell their hearts are in their business.  I've been twice now and loved the food and recommended wines.  My only gripes would be the lack of selection and range.  I told them I enjoy more full bodied reds like merlots and cabs, but what I received was pretty light and tranquil, they made me a convert to Rose', however.  Considering the owners continue to mix it up - I'm intrigued to continue what I will find next time I come.

The Cichetti are great tapas appetizers to share, though I'm not sure I'd be full if I made them into a meal.  The salumi plate delivers a great range of cured meats, the small, one piece bruschetta is a great nibble, and the cheese, date, almond, sage-honey crostini is perfect.  

I love this place to meet with friends or grab a pre-dinner drink.  Its worth checking out and making a favorite - because they most definitely attempt to get to know their customers and make regulars. out of them.
Not a bad review - just a note that they're closed for remodel as of early May 2012. OpenTable still made me a reservation, though, so it was a shock to show up and find out that they weren't open.
For some reason I've had several first dates here in the last two years. Maybe it's the men I choose, but I would have never thought of coming here on my own. Fast forward one year and I find myself here once again, on a Friday night, meeting someone new. 

I'm thinking it's the non-threatening vibes. I'm thinking it's just easy atmosphere while still managing to be somewhat quaint. I'm thinking, it's really hard to date someone that is a Yelper...(and a judgmental one at that!) But according to about 10 different people, I need to be a YES girl. So I said yes, met up and I had fun at Shays. 

Upon walking in, the bouncer was reading Dave Eggers. I immediately begun chatting him up about the book and learned that oh, this place is kinda cool! I found my date, or maybe he found me and I ordered some wine. The selection is really good for such a small place and they have an equally vast beer selection. Happily holding my Shiraz we went over to a booth area and chatted away for several hours. 

Although, the one annoying thing is the noise levels. The music, which was really good and ranging from Bon Iver to the Grizzy Bears...was so loud at some points I was literally screaming to be able to be heard. Maybe Shays is intentionally doing this so date's just have to be up in each others faces to speak into each others ears (which was done several times) 

Either way, I was charmed. Not so much by my date, but by Cambridge's local little dive-y pub. I'll be back to sit on that porch in the Summer!
Pretty darn fantastic food. Pricey but worth it for all the great service. It would've gotten 5 stars had our entrees come in a timely manner. Had to call a manager over and they dealt with it. No explanation though
Seriously, I don't miss much about my last employment. But, when you have Fleming's in your backyard, and you get to entertain clients, YOU ARE GOLDEN! This spot is ridiculously expensive, and would have to be a very special occasion if I was to pay out of pocket to dine here. Especially if your dippin' in to their extensive, wine list. However, this place is AMAZING, and well worth it if you feel like splurging every now and again.  

The decor is relaxing, the food is spectacular, and the service is impeccable!

Appetizers- the tenderloin carpaccio is delicious
Entrees - 2 4oz, bacon wrapped filets with shrimp scampi
Sides - Fleming's potatoes, mac and cheese, asparagus

Get a snifter of Grand Marnier to finish, and you'll sleep like a little newborn baby.

I truly LOVE this place
the order.
happy hour items:
mac n cheese
beef slider
garlic fries
fish taco
sausage pizzete

the food here was pretty cheap for happy hour, surprisingly.
everything was pretty average tasting except the burger which was delicious. for a two biter, it packed some delcious herbed flavor though i was perplexed about the melty watery cheese which did nothing for me and threw the texture off, as one would expect. the bun had good bite to it though could be misconstrued as stale. my second favorite was the garlic fries, i wish they laid on the garlic but the herbed taste brought flavor to the fries and the fries were fried to perfection. the mac n cheese was not bad, just average. it was pretty soupy which in cream-cheese sauce terms is overkill. the fish taco had a funky thousand island like dressing on it. completely off-putting. but the battered cod was nice and juicy. the sausage pizzete got old really quick, though i like that it was light despite having sausages. it was just a nice one slicer thing. i had about 3 small slices and got tired of it right away. between the spiced sausage flavor and the marinara zest, it was a one-noter. 

all in all, i thought it was very cheap. i'd come back for a couple sliders and some fries. but, to be honest, these could be found at other places for better. (like morton's happy hour sliders--but easy on the salt)
I go to great steakhouse's for the side dishes,  I know that's probably weird to you beef aficionados.  Flemming's has the best of the best in sides.  I can't eat more than a bite or two of steak  ( I have to charm it out of my dinner guests) always crunchy crust and tender interior oozing with juice and decadent flavor.
Amazing happy hour specials. The house burger is to die for. 
Service can be a bit slow during happy hour but the food is so good that it's worth the wait. And what you get for the price is fantastic.
My husband and I are celebrating our 11 year anniversary weekend and went here last night. We were treated like royalty! The hostess immediately congratulated us, the manager her self came to the table to greet us, give us complimentary champagne, and wish us well. Later, our server and server assistant both did the same, and then we were gifted a box of truffles and  gift card! I know this seems amazing, but they did the same for others who were celebrating birthdays, etc. The food was also AMAZING. We had prime rib and a filet, with gorgonzola sauce, lobster bisque (best we have had, buttery and creamy), wedge salad, and creme brulee with tahitian vanilla. Our experience was perfect, thank you to our server Stephen, the chef the night of 8/17, and making our night wonderful!
The service here was awful.  They really need to spend some time training their staff. The waitress was really slow and unorganized.  She brought our cheese plate appie and my soup at same time.  The food was just ok and the atmosphere felt like a chain.
Without a doubt, the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  While the location leaves a bit to be desired, the moment you walk into Toast you will feel like you're a thousand miles away.  

The food is fantastic with frequent menu updates, but there are some mainstays that are hard to pass up, most notably the shrimp and harbenero cheddar grits.  The suckling pig is also fantastic and is surprising in its plating.  

Toast also lives up to its billing as a wine bar with a great selection and many reasonably priced wines from which to choose.

The ambience is very cozy both in the downstairs bar and the upstairs seating area.

My wife and I have been to Toast many times and consider it one of our mainstays in the Pittsburgh area.  If you haven't been, you're simply missing out!
Flemings La Jolla is outstanding! The steaks are unbeatable, chocolate lava cake to die for and service (Brian) is definitely one of a kind. And mustn't forget wonderful cocktails and wine options. My boyfriend and I went for my birthday and it was definitely a very special dinner. Plus, they bought any dessert of my choice! Can't wait to go back.
This place is cute!  Unfortunately...the 2 ladies working here were pretty rude, the food was just okay, and wine the server recommended wasn't good- it was by the glass and seemed like the bottle had gone off.  I would give this place at least 3 stars for the atmosphere if it wasn't for the rude staff.
I have never written a bad review before on Yelp, but I felt compelled to warn people not to waste their time here  Worst service I have ever experienced in my life. We arrived at 12:45 for Sunday Brunch to a half empty restaurant and was told by the hostess that they were fully booked and there would be a 40 minute wait. So we waited at the bar and after a 10 minute wait a bartender acknowledged us and we started with the bottomless mimosas. We were pleased to be seated at 1:15, placed our order and asked for another carafe of mimosas. Our waiter seemed irritated to work there and kept saying they were "understaffed." Our carafe arrived at 1:45 (hardly bottomless) and the food another thirty minutes later. And they forgot an item. Our waiter was never around to ask for anything so I had to flag down a busboy to ask for our last item and some water. 15 minutes later I spoke to the manager and he said he would bring our bacon scramble out right away. 5 minutes later they brought out the wrong dish. My husband works most weekends, so to have wasted two hours at a restaurant with rude, absent servers is very frustrating. At the end the manager apologized and didn't charge us for anything, but it's not about the money, I want the two hours of my life back.
I can't fault Eno for anything. I took a date last night and had a great time. We sat outside on the curb and had tapas along with our wine tasting. They had two vineyards there and both were quite tasty. One was a local Georgia wine and the staff of the vineyard was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable and both myself and my date both learned all kinds of interesting facts about wine making in the South. Very interesting compliment to the usual first date small talk. For $10 a head this can't be beat. The food is good, the wine is good, and the atmosphere is perfect. This might have to become a Wednesday night tradition.
Seating is tough given the tiny location, but if you have the patience, buy a drink and enjoy your company... and your seats will soon follow!

I'm not a big wino, but it seems that if you're quite the connoisseur (or just enjoy the taste), this is the place to come. I'm a big foodie and I still enjoyed my visit immensely! Their dishes are essentially tapas styles, so think small plates, average prices, but insanely delicious tasting!
Very good Italian restaurant in Princeton. Very reasonable prices with very good food.

The service can be good or bad. It is a great place for a small group. Pizza and pasta can be shared which is very nice(they will split it into two plates). The Perfetta is my fav. pizza and the clam linguini is my fav. pasta. They also provide a few daily specials which can be good.

The line ups can be extremely long, and they don't take reservations, so the best choice is to call about 30min early to be put onto the waiting list.
DISCLAIMER: Do not be disappointed like me and come here for their Pan-Seared Scallops because it's no longer on the menu and apparently hasn't been for over a year according to the waiter!!!! (Sad, sad face.)

With that said, we still were able to enjoy a plethora of delicious eats including:

- Poached shrimp
- Cod cakes with lime/dill sauce
- Mac n cheese
- Open-faced Bacaro burger (we forgot to ask for the egg topping, darn it!)
- Chicken breast over risotto cake
- Noah's cauliflower
- Clams
- Hangar steak

My favorite dishes were the cod cakes, cauliflower & hangar steak.  The ambiance is relaxed, typical wine bar look & feel. The tables are unfortunately very tiny and cramped, especially with so many little dishes flying our way so rapidly and a lot of wine bottles & glasses fighting for space.  The service was okay, but they seemed rushed and less attentive than they could have been. 

We didn't come during their happy hour, but next time I'll make sure to catch it.
What a cute HIDDEN GEM!!
Good food, good ambience, cozy & cute!
however, the service could be little slow but can't complain since it could get pretty packed and Food here is AMAZING.
Don't forget to order their Burger! soooo DELISH!

they really did good job on decolating with such a small space.
even if it's in ramdom place, it's definately worth a trying for!
shelly w really deserves an award for picking such spectacular venues to host the yelp wine club. santos, the owner, pulled out all the stops and selected some great wines for the tasting that night. the food pairings perfectly complimented the wines we tasted and i couldn't have been more impressed with the wines bacaro had in stock.

any place that has its menu on the wall is already off to a great start as far as i'm concerned. albeit, it's like a giant chalk board but that only goes to show that they are constantly switching up their wines depending what's in season and what not. the interior is really quaint but i think a wine bar should be intimate as wine should be enjoyed as such. locating this place can be a bit of a challenge since it's not in an area with heavy foot traffic or with any discernable landmarks. basically, once on union st. its sandwiched between 23rd and 24th streets so keep an eye out for a red awning. also,  word around the camp fire is that they have ayce the first sunday of each month. awesome, that is all.
I'd give it 3-Star (A-OK), but for the price they lose one star.  

The concept is smart.  Put a restaurant you would normally find in Napa and drop it smack dab in the heart of college city Westwood.  

There is no way any of the college kids could afford to eat there on a regular basis and the food wasn't even that spectacular.  If that is what I am to expect of a restaurant in Napa Valley then sorry babe, we're never going on that wine trip for our anniversary.
Because it was within walking distance of the Fox, I ate at Eno with a friend before going to see Mamma Mia, which I believe is completely overrated, by the way.  I really enjoyed my rabbit stuffed pasta and the Domaine Serene Clos du Soleil chardonnay we ordered.  Were I to be pressed for time again, I would definitely choose Eno for my pre-theater dining experience.
We ate here for dinner during our stay in Ithaca.  There was a bit of a wait, and this place doesn't take reservations (or at least wouldn't for 2 people).  But, we had a late lunch so we were fine waiting and one of the servers was happy to get us drinks while we waited.  The service was fantastic, and everyone was very attentive.  The food was also incredible; my fiancee had the fish (red snapper) in parchment while I had the hanger steak.  Definitely, definitely, definitely get the hanger steak.  It was perfectly cooked, charred over charcoal, and amazingly delicious.  I'm not sure if it was marinated in anything, but it was one of those meals I'll remember for quite a while and will try to replicate at home.  Next time we're in Ithaca, we'll definitely stop here again.
We made reservations at 6:30pm to celebrate Valentine's Day at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar. We arrived and parked down the aisle right in front of the restaurant at 6:00pm. Immediately upon walking in, we were greeted by two hostesses where we checked in and were given the option to let them know when we were ready to be seated. My wife wanted to go visit her friend at the bar, and Ray hooked us up with some martinis to start. My wife had the White Cosmo with tiny blueberries and orange shavings, and I had a Pomtini. The drinks were 'just right' and the alcohol to other ingredient ratio wasn't overbearing like a lot of other places that specialize in martinis. Another bartender presented us with a bowl of lightly salted chips. The chips tasted freshly fried, still a bit oily, but nonetheless a fresh treat from beer nuts. On any given day, I would definitely stop by for their happy hour after work: "5 For $6 'Til 7" bar menu, featuring 5 tempting appetizers, 5 premium cocktails and 5 distinctive wines by the glass-each priced at $6 and served nightly until 7 pm. And on weekends; How perfect is that?

While we waited at the bar, we noticed Ray multitasking as a waiter, bartender, busboy, and server. His service was friendly, speedy, and everyone in the restaurant knew him. A few minutes passed and a booth opened up opposite from where we sat at the bar. One of the receptionists came out to us and mentioned if we wanted that table and said it was one of Ray's tables. We took it. As soon as we took our seats, Ray brought out two sparkling champagne flutes for us to sip on. I knew it was a perfect start to a Valentine's Day evening.

A few minutes passed as I took a gander around the room and saw two wine vaults with sliding glass doors; one for common wines and one for more exquisite pricier bottled selections. The kitchen was directly opposite from the bar. The dining room was dimly lit compared to the bar area and cushioned booths were situated along the walls. A frosted glass partition separated the bar booths from the main dining room. A flat screen television was mounted to the left of the bar showing highlights of the Winter Olympics.

Before we finalized our menu selections, Ray came out with some fresh hot Rosemary bread with two spreads. The bread had a strong Rosemary taste. The great thing about their Valentine's Day menu was that you could choose between Prix Fixe and their standard menu, and the prix fixe was available all weekend. As an added bonus, the manager came around with a $25 gift card for a future visit. Everything on the menu was affordably priced given the preparation and quality. Because both the wife and I weren't wine connoisseurs, we didn't get a chance to sample their wines that day. As far as entre choices, we chose:
8 oz Filet Mignon, $29.95: perfect Medium rare, sauce on the side, and tender.
Side of String Beans: a big portion of grilled beans with a garnish of sliced carrots in a sweet sauce.
*12 oz Prime Rib Prix Fixe, $36.95 (Sunday Special): perfect Medium rare, encrusted with spices and herbs, included 3 dipping sauces and fat in all the right places.
*Caesar Salad: a large portion of fresh crunchy chopped romaine lettuce tossed with a strong Caesar dressing.
*Grilled Asparagus: included with the Prix Fixe, nicely prepared long stalks and very flavorful with red bell pepper slivers
Valentines Dessert, $9.50: came with 2 large double chocolate dipped strawberries, 3 layers of red velvet cake and pink cream cheese filling.
*Crme Brule: Vanilla bean in a circular ramekin topped off with fresh berries.

(*Items included in Sunday Special Prix Fixe)
***The total bill before tip came to $83.47

Overall: The meal was perfect. The service and ambience was spectacular. My company was beautiful (as always). The bill didn't break the bank.

I whole-heartedly recommend Fleming's Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar to everyone for a perfect evening! It's best to make reservations by phone since they are not listed on Open Table because this is such a popular spot.
Fabulous service. Exceptional food.  Manager consistently walks the floor to make sure everything is up to your satisfaction.  If not he will fix it and make it better.  Bring your own wine and pay the reasonable corkage fee. They also have a fabulous wine list.
Amazing USC wine and tapas bar - hopefully a sign of things to come for South Central. When I lived around the corner on 24th Street, this was our go-to place for a fun, chill night of endless wine and delicious food. The proprietor is a recent USC Marshall alum, and started Bacaro as a way to help fill the gaping shortage of food and nightlife options around campus. Because it's in a small space almost a mile from campus, it hasn't yet cemented its position in the collective USC psyche. But in the last 2 years I have witnessed a huge surge in student awareness and patronage. They even won "Best Wine Bar" by the readers of LA Magazine. The decor is genius - wine bottles stuck to the ceiling, long communal tables of lacquered wood planks, and a (very extensive) menu scrawled in chalk on one huge wall-cum-blackboard. While there is a bar in the back, the place is small enough that waiter service is reliable. Bacaro refuses to carry popular wines from traditional locales, so you can forget about that Rhine valley cab or Napa zin. Instead you'll be treated to an ever-changing selection from places like Croatia or Argentina. Also the bottle beer, which isn't their specialty, is quirky and surprisingly good. The food deserves a whole 'nother review entirely. While the price-to-portion ratio might be prohibitive of a full dinner, each small dish complements the drinks wonderfully. There are open-top burgers, crostini, mixed root vegetables, and bread/cheese plates. There is a discount if you order three. Beefsteak Sundays are also unbeatable. $25 might seem like a lot, but unlimited wine, beef, and french bread is hard to pass up. 

It will be a long time before I find a comparable bar.
As part of a 2 week ride with no particular destinations and no particular paths, I dropped in at the Hyatt for a few days to rest and explore and look at some marine life. On the night before checking out and heading back north, I dropped in with a friend for a nice dinner.

What I enjoy about all Fleming's locations is that they are similar to Morton's in that the dress code is just above tanktops and the service is no different than if you were in riding gear or in a suit. I've visited several Fleming's establishments and I'll admit that my drop in here was one of my more mediocre experiences. 

The staff was fairly apathetic, with the exception of our waiter whose name unfortunately slips my mind. Everything else was as expected: Clean, dark, and elegantly casual.

Filet was buttery.
Ribeye was like cream.
Fleming's potatos were decadent.
Bacon mashed potatos were dangerously indulgent.
Shoestring fries were crisp and fun.
Onions rings were massive.

Some hot tea to flush things through and all in all, you have a very pleasant dinner.

I ordered my steak neat but it came with butter and parsley anyway, which was fine. I ordered my steak rare with a heavy char but it came medium rare without a char, which was fine. 

So far, the location in Fashion Island in Newport Beach stands as my favourite Fleming's location, but in all honesty, I'd much rather Ruth's Chris.

Nice steakhouse and lives up to the brandname, but not the best. Bob's in San Francisco offers the same atmosphere for roughly the same prices, and offers a nice ride north with an excuse to get out of town.
My husband, parents and I went here for dinner a couple weeks ago.  I have nothing to bad to say about.  I have nothing even okay to say about it.  It was wonderful!  My parents and husband ordered wine.  I ordered a sparkling peach martini- delish!!!  We had the calamari to start off- it was some of the best calamari I've ever had!  The plates were a la carte.  My mom and I ordered the petite filet oscar style, my husband ordered the rib eye oscar style and my dad ordered the lamb shanks.  All of us loved our meals!  The meat was so delicious and was cooked perfectly.  Oscar style complimented it wonderfully.  We had sides of mashed potatoes, mushrooms, asparagus and chipotle mac and cheese.  All tasted great, the mac and cheese was the best!  I could have eaten all of it!  Dessert was the frozen lemon gingersnap pie and chocolate lava cake, both were yummy.  The pie was very refeshing, much more of a summer dessert.  As for the chocolate lava cake- best I've had.  They make it when you order it, so it was right out of the oven, warm and gooey!!!  I wil definitely be going back!  And I can't wait to try their happy hour!!!
Used to be very good but quality has declined precipitously (and what small portions!!). The cook must not pay attention when salting the dishes - our three plates were virtually inedible. "Rainbow beets" were undercooked, chevre was tossed on haphazardly amidst huge chunks of salt. And there was only one type of beet. Caprese salad featured low quality mozzarella and unripe cherry tomatoes, with a dab of pesto on the side. Scallops were the best of the three, but decidedly unmemorable, lurking in a baby food-esque carrot puree that managed to both be salty (continuing with the theme) and bland. 

Go to AOC instead. About the same price and much, much better. It's unfortunate, because the neighborhood needs more cool hangout spots and I like the vibe and the eclectic mix of people at Bacaro, but otherwise it's the worst small plates restaurant I've visited in LA.
Napa Valley Grille is a nice little oasis in Westwood in terms of atmosphere. The restaurant itself is beautiful and sunny, if a little hoity toity. Service is awesome. We had one of the friendliest, affable, and cute waiters I've had in quite some time at dinner last night. Scott? I'm bad with names. He was awesome. As were all the busboys. Waters were filled, plates were cleared, and food was prompt. It was a really nice experience.

Now for the food. The food is totally decent. However, it is overpriced, for the most part. I think this is particularly true if you go with one of the entrees (which come a la carte with no sides). My partner got the tuna which was just okay and a very small portion for $20. On the other hand, I had a really wonderful chopped salad that was very filling for only $9. 

I'd go here for the atmosphere, but I'd be very selective about what I got to eat.
This is a GREAT (but hidden) destination in South Central.  It's situation on a little side block off Hoover (the main vein into USC).  Its generally populated by students, which has never posed any issues as far as noise/over-crowding.  My friends and I live near-by, on Scarff Street, so this is ideally located.

The food is WONDERFUL.  Everything is very original or exotic.  My friend claims to love the bone barrow tapas, but I generally stick with the friend gnocchi or their FANTASTIC specialty burger (topped with a fried egg).  

The staff is always VERY friendly, accommodating and eager to please.  They always have sports on TV (a huge plus), and the atmosphere remains cozy.  It is by far the most genuine/authentic tapas joint in downtown LA.  I recommend it over any other restaurant in the USC area!
i LOVE THIS PLACE. 5 stars.

I come here with my classmate every monday night to take advantage of their happy hour. half glass wine. and $5 entrees. 

5 stars for eggplant stuffed with meat. orgasmic
5 stars for the decor. wine bottle ceiling and chalkboard as a wall paper. 


all the pizzas are pretty good except for the "white pizza"
atmosphere is really chill. its a neat little place to take a date here.
Positives: Very nice interior and decor. Food was good.

Negatives: Understaffed... Only one waitress working. Water glass was empty multiple times with no one to fill it. No salt and pepper available. Had to request parmesean cheese with my pasta. 

Overall nice place but not a very welcome feel. Didn't learn the waitresses name until  the check came. No friendly greeting upon entering. Food was good but overpriced in my opinion. Menu was confusing and scattered.

Decent but wouldn't go back again.
This is a great cafe with delicious paninis and salads.  The funghi panini is an excellent vegetarian option, and the insalata with pollo and orzo is a filling and refreshing salad with tender orzo and nicely seasoned chicken in a sundried tomato dressing.  The margherita pizza is pretty good, as well, with a nice, crispy thin crust.  Stop by for a quick but gourmet-tasting lunch.  Service isn't all that wonderful and almost brusque but it's not like I usually have time to squander over lunch anyway.  Besides, the food compensates for that somewhat.
This is a great place to eat; a little overpriced but the food is exceptional.  The ambiance in the restaurant is fantastic.  Would recommend.
One.  That is what this place would get if the service wasn't as friendly as it is.  This place tries to be something it isn't.  It's a great concept with very poor execution. I love the location so I was really hoping this would be good.

The thing is that I've been here more than once and even once for a wine tasting, thinking that my first experience was a fluke.  It was not. I really wonder what went into the making of this restaurant.  If the restaurant were a person, it would be THAT person who thinks he/she can sing (but can't) and goes to karaoke thinking everyone is enjoying the performance.

I wasn't that impressed with their wine tasting that I went to.  There wasn't a single wine that I was remotely interested in at the event.  The worst thing is their cheese selection in the specialty shop next door.  Unless they've changed things around (and maybe they have), it is a very limited cheese case, with poor selection.  It doesn't seem much thought goes into selecting the cheeses.  Many of them are very generic cheeses in the cheese world and not necessarily good cheeses.  You're much better off going to Alon's in the Highlands, Star Provisions, or even certain Whole Foods.  I may be overly critical, but I'm a bit of a cheese buff and was sorely disappointed with this place.

The only thing I do like about the place is that I've had decent service.
HORRIBLE!! Came here 30 minutes ago for a lunch birthday celebration with my work crew. We were seated in a beautiful private room. We had great expectations as we had heard great things about the restaurant. I ordered the Flat Iron Steak Sandwich, which was open faced, small and drenched in some thick, texturally questionable horseradish sauce. It was just okay, nothing special for $15. My coworker ordered the roasted tuna sandwich, when her food arrived it was a tuna salad sandwich. She spoke with the waiter and explained that the description of the dish was drastically different from what was delivered. She returned her dish and asked for the Ahi Tuna Salad. When her food arrived, there was a big, long, nasty HAIR smack dab in the middle of her salad. It was visible to others sitting next to her. GROSS!! The waiter just took the plate away and 15 minutes later returned with "another" salad. The manager didn't present at all during this time frame of disgust, shock and horror. When the waiter brought the 2nd attempt, he then asked if my coworker would like to speak to the manager. 

When the manager arrived, he says "We only have males in the kitchen, so I don't understand how this could happen"... What does that have to do with the fact that it DID happen?? He kept saying this over and over as to imply that my coworker put the hair in her own salad. He finally apologized and seemed irritated and asked what he could do for her. They ended up not charging her for her meal. 

Never again, overpriced, rude staff and you may get an extra surprise in your meal.
wonderful service

decent list great steak

silly high prices
One of my favorite places in Princeton. I come here often. Love their pasta (especially the Vongole) and pizza (Margarita is basically salad on a pizza). My friend also says the Lasagne is good. Their calamari is cooked true Italian style, sauteed in tomato sauce rather than deep fried - a must try. 

Service is usually good, though their no reservations policy and long wait can be off-putting, but definitely worth it. The kitchen is really good with helping you share: i.e. if you are a party of 2 and you want to try different things, you can order two entrees and request that both be split, and they will serve each entree in two separate half portions.

I used to get their specials, but realized that those are hit and misses most of the time. You just can't go wrong by sticking with their regular menu. Ingredients are fresh and purported to be organic/local/no-hormones/etc.
** Happy Hour Review **

I have a hard time putting into words how awesome this place is for happy hour. Ever since discovering this earlier last year I've been back  5 or 6 times with friends. You get to pick from a variety of wines, cocktails, or appetizers for $6. They recently added a $3 beer: Stella Artois. The star of the show is definitely the 1/2 pound prime burger. 

Literally one of the best burgers I've ever had for $6 is an insane deal. This is a half pound burger with onion rings and a wedge salad. The patty is juicy and cooked to perfection. The bun is a unique fresh roll that's buttered and not overpowering. The side dressing is awesome on the salad, in the burger, or as a dip for your onion rings. 

Continuing my post med school exam gluttony feasting (had BJs for lunch), I also had the carpaccio and fried calamari appetizers. The carpaccio is really good: you get a big plate of thinly sliced beef topped with scallions and capers. There's a side of cheesy bread for you to load up with meat. The calamari is lightly breaded and fried and topped with a sweet and sour sauce that works really well. It's flavorful and not as heavy and thick like at other places. I highly recommend both of these appetizer options.

I've yet to actually have a steak in the normal restaurant but definitely plan on doing it soon since I have a gift card. There's limited indoor seating, but plenty of outdoor patio tables. Parking at the hotel is now free with validation so skip the valet if you're coming for happy hour. Once I was here with friends and they came around giving out free mini sear tuna burgers for just being there. The happy hour prices are a steal considering the quality of food and where you're eating. Beware if you order anything not on the happy hour menu; once we got an order of shoestring fries that ended up being $8.

If you like burgers, you HAVE to come here, no excuses. Judging by the length of this review for just happy hour, you can say I'm pretty passionate about it. My gluttonous day didn't end with Flemings though, I moseyed on over to Melting Pot for their happy hour desserts (check out my other reviews to find out more...)
I am a big fan of tapas/wine bars.  I had purchased a groupon for this place brought a friend along with me to try it out.  I loved the decor and ambiance of the place.  The chalkboard walls and wine bottles on the ceiling were a nice touch.  

We ordered the pan-seared scallops, bruschetta trio, the oven roasted bone-marrow, and a bottle of Falerinia wine.  I definitely recommend trying the bone-marrow.  The balsamic reduction and sea salt on top just adds to the richness of this dish...so good!  I can't wait to go back.
I went here on Sunday night with my lady for a special event.  We ordered the Beef Flemington with a side of Shrimp Scampi.  We ordered our steak Medium Plus, which we were told was supposed to be between a Medium Rare and Medium.  When we got the Flemington, the meat was very rare.  I mean it was raw on the inside.  The manager stopped by to check how we were doing and we showed her how rare our steaks were.  Her response was that they can take it back and heat it longer, or we could take it home and reheat it where it would probably taste better.

First of all, if I were the manager, I would have taken it back without even asking.  Obviously, we didn't order rare steaks, so you should serve us what we ordered.  Second, you shouldn't try to justify the underdone steaks by saying it would taste better when we take it home and reheat it.  I didn't come to a renowned steakhouse for undercooked food just to take it home and eat it.

The good part of our meal was the delicious Spinach Salad, Shrimp Scampi and Bread Pudding for desert.  Funny that the steak in this steakhouse was the worst part.  Oh, and our server was outstanding.  He was apologetic for the steaks, but I don't blame him.  He didn't cook them.  I give this place 2 stars for the service and non-steak food.

I would be reluctant to come back knowing that there are more affordable steakhouses out there that don't undercook their meat.
The wine, beer, and snack prices are pretty reasonable.  The sandwich I had was pretty good, but a bit too small for the price.  Kind of annoyed that they don't accept cash.  Since they took my card and ran the transaction I wasn't sure how to leave a tip or if I needed to?  The staff is pretty friendly though.  This place is probably better for just hanging out and having wine and snacks rather than having a meal.
Table for four waiting for us when we arrived. Excellent service. Great menu and wine list. Even had Greg Norman wine, which was very smooth. Crab cakes awesome. Steak cooked to a perfect medium. Flemings potatoes nice and cheesey. Restaurant very busy, but everything ran smoothly. Noise level not a problem and could easily carry conversations.

In a nutshell: excellent dining experience. Nice to know they are still available. Recommended.
3.5 stars.. not rounding up. The food was great, but I'll explain in the end why I docked a couple of stars. If I ever go there again and they redeem themselves, I'll add a couple of stars.

Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner. Within 5 seconds of sitting down, our waitress came by to ask us what we want to drink. Umm... can we at least open up the wine list or cocktail menu first? We had to ask her to come back later.. of course she came back MUCH later than we wanted her to, b/c she was busy entertaining a group of about 12... But hey, it's a Tuesday night and the place is NOT crowded at all. Shouldn't the service be a little better?? There were plenty of times where we felt like we had to wait just a liiiittle too long...

We ordered a glass of wine and a glass of champagne, and had the "jumbo shrimp cocktail" for an appetizer. The shrimps were fairly standard size. I was expecting those omg-are-those-things-on-steroids-sized shrimps like you get on the Mastro's Steakhouse's Seafood Towers, but nope... I mean it was good, but I felt it was a bit overpriced for just 4 regular shrimps on some salsa, you know?

The steaks were EXCELLENT, though. I had the bone-in ribeye, which was cooked to PERFECTION and the flavor was absolutely amazing! Some parts of the meat were a bit "fibrous", but maybe we just got unlucky with a bad cut. My gf had the prime New York Strip -- Wow, I've never had a New York that tasted so good! The flavors weren't as good as the ribeye, but it was definitely the most tender New York I've ever tried! And it's probably twice as thick as any I've ever had, too! It was even more tender than the Filet Mignon at most places!

We had their chocolate lava cake thing for dessert. Good, but WAY too rich and sweet after a gigantic steak. I couldn't finish it, which must mean that hell's about to freeze over...


So why the 1.5-2 star deduction? Well first, remember my complaints about the service. Second, the waitress NEVER MENTIONED nor even gave us a menu of the following promotions that were supposed to be going on:

"Flemings 100 - 100 great wines, 30 wines by the glass for 10 dollars or less".. If this was just on their regular menu, I'll let it slide, but I'm not sure if this was just their normal wine list or this new promotion one?

"TRIO OF FILETS - Filet Mignon, with three classic preparations --
Wellington, Oscar and Au Poivre -- presented side-by-side. Includes salad, side and a trio of
crme brles. $45 per person. Add a perfectly paired red wine flight for $10."
Umm... no one said a single WORD about this. WTF?

"WINE TUESDAYS every week in Sept
Enjoy 25% off any bottle from the Fleming's 100 when you dine with us on Tuesday evenings."
WE WERE HERE ON A TUESDAY!!!!! WHY DID YOU NOT TELL US?


Argh... Flemings, as great as your steaks are, you will not earn back those 2-stars unless you prove to me that you deserve them with improved service!
Appetizer: Calamari was pretty good. The sweet and tangy sauce is a hit, but left the calamari a bit soggy.


Entree: Ordered the New York cut medium-rare and my steak was disappointingly overcooked. Out of six steaks, only one was cooked to their liking. For some reason my steak was also incredibly fatty, so that by the end of my meal there was a huge puddle of oil on my plate. As for the sides, order the corn and the half onion rings/fries. The asparagus was also good, but rather small for about $9.

+1 star for the service. Our server Cash, was great! Some of our party were about 30 minutes late and they were happy to accomodate us anyways. Corkage fee is only $20, so bring your own bottle if you have large party because the drinks run about $6/beer to about $11-13/cocktail.
The service was horrible.  I went there for my birthday dinner on 3/6/09 and was not happy at all with the service.  The service alone ruined my dinner.  I dined with my husband and both of us look younger than we are, we ordered icewater while we were looking at our menus we finished looking at the menu and waitecd 15-20 minutes for our server to come back.  The restaurant was not busy and she was goofing off in the kitchen area.  Once she came back  my husband and I ordered each a glass of wine.  The server did not know if your establishment carried the wine that was on the wine list and tried making me order a more expensive wine.  I informed her that I did not want the  wine that she was trying to  make me order and told her to go and check with the bar and sure enough they had the wine that I ordered.  The food took forever to arrive, the server was not friendly at all even though she chatted with the other tables in the area she hardly talked to us.  After a horrible service it took a while for the server to drop the check and then to pick it up.  We wound up spending $180.00 including tip which was much smaller than it should have been, if we had had good service.  I find it ridiculous that a server at a restaurant of this caliber should discriminate against a customer based on the fact that they are young looking and did not order wine right away and when they orderd wine it was not an expensive wine.  I found it ridiculous that she felt a need to treat us differently because we did not look like we had money and looked young.  When going out I tend to tip very well at least 20% if not more depending on service, so if anyone from Fleming's reads this Train your associates not to discriminate against young looking customers as they have money too especially in the Bay area where there are many young tech workers.

On the upside the food was great.
I've had the pleasure of dining at Bacaro on 2 separate occasions and its definitely my kind of place and my kind of food.  Happy hour (5pm-7pm) prices are ridiculously cheap at 5 bucks a dish (normally $8/plate or  $21/three which is also pretty damn good) you really can't go wrong.  Not to mention that you can also get a 1 liter carafe of sangria for 10 bucks. Hellllllooooo after work special.. 

Overall I would say that the food was pretty damn good, and for the value it can't really be beat. There were a few dishes that I probably wouldn't get again. but for the most part I loved it.   My favorite dishes include the burrata, cauliflower, hanger steak, and pork belly, which in my opinion are definite must haves.  The poached shrimp and caprese are also great options.

poached shrimp - 4/5 - just a tad sweet but perfectly executed.
burrata di stefano - 5//5 - burratta nuf said.
caprese salad - 4/5 love the pesto and basil that it is served with.
noas cauliflower - 5/5 - flash fried and tossed in a delicious sauce, more please!
fried cheese - 3/5 - not really my cup of tea but prepared very well
bacaro burger - 3/5 - not a huge fan of the bread choice or that its open faced but otherwise pretty good.
roasted garlic pizza - 3/5 - lil to doughy for me but the garlic was quite good.
hanger steak - 5/5 - perfectly cooked and just flat out delicious.  should have ordered 2!.
seared pork belly skewers - 5/5 - love every single perfectly cooked bite. don't leave bacaro without it!

Service was also quite spectacular and the ambiance is great. Perfect place to go to catch up and get a bite to eat.  They have a huge selection of wines and a also a great beer selection.  

If you haven't been you definitely should pay them a visit.  I will definitely be back and am particularly excited to check out beefsteak sundays!
Don't know how anyone could complain about the service here!  Just flipin' awesome.  Oh yea, the food is good too!  I'm not going to Morton's or Ruth's Chris ever again.  Been here like 4 times in the last couple of months.
Small happening bar...kinda like the Littlest with slightly more room and food. The food isn't the best but you'd usually come to this place for the beer.

I love the graffiti in the men's toilet on the condom machine:  "For refund insert baby here."  Easy relaxed atmosphere inside Shay's.
+2 for the happy hour!!!!

I am an undergrad at UCSD and I try to fully take advantage of all the happy hours nearby. I found out from a fellow yelper that Fleming's have happy hour until 7pm!! The deal = 5 things for 6 til '7. Ever since the first time I came,  I had been craving the sweet chili calamari!!!!

What's even better is that all the appetizers are full-sized plates! Can this place get ANY better?!?!?
.... and yes it can! There is a list of drinks that are half off as well! Now that I'm 21, I can finally order off that list =) I had 2 blue moons served in sophisticated drinking containers.. prob around 12oz?

And I'm not going to provide an in-depth description of the prime burger because i'm sure every other undergrad that posted about it has already :P
Last time I went to Fleming was when I lived in Denver. It wasn't a good experience back then. The steak was a little tough, there's not enough seasoning, and service was terrible. Well, since I moved to a new city I want to give this place another shot. So, my wife and I went to Palo Alto location.

I'm still not impressed. Base on the steak alone, I have to give it 2-star. The steak was a little  tough (and it's medium rare) and could use a little more seasoning. However, there were some other things that made this dining nicer for me and my wife. At Palo Alto, the service was great, very attentive, and our server didn't give us any pressure. Some times I don't like to go to this kind of place because it can be pretentious - they expect you to order the most expensive dish and wine on the menu with full course even though there is no way you can finish them. It's not like that here. The staffs were very friendly to us and the ambiance is classy but relax. We ended up ordering two steaks, two sides, two salads, and drinks.

As I said, it's a very nice dining experience but if I'm looking to have good steak, this will not be my choice of place to go though. I've had much better steak for less when I lived in Denver (not Fleming). Since I didn't like the Denver location either it may have to do with the way it is cooked, I'm not sure.
This is a great place to go for drinks. The interior is gorgeous, full of beautiful old architecture. I've never had the food, but I'm tempted.

The real star here is the bartender. He's awesome. He's old-school, and knows his stuff. No sidecar, Tom Collins or fill-in-the-blank cocktail has him confused. And every drink we've tried has been perfectly executed, including perfectly mixed, poured and presented. 

Can I vote him best bartender of the Capital Region?
what a find! This gem in the hood is as good as it gets! Great cutting edge menu items with beer & wine options
Again, another place where I wish we could give half stars...

Loses points on size, and because on my first visit there our waitress was certifiable.

Gains points on pretty much everything else. Great prices, very tasty food (we usually split the nachos and the hummus plate), good location, has a nice patio. And very chill for Havard Square.
Not at all impressed. 

I was excited to finally go here after reading some recent positive reviews and hearing good things via good ole' fashioned word-of-mouth, only to be disappointed by lackluster service and not great food--and one dish that was seriously disgusting.

To start, the atmosphere is beautiful and our greeting was excellent. Sitting down at just after 5, we realized it was happy hour and helped ourselves to 1/2 off glasses of wine and a short rib pizza--awesome! Alas, the aforementioned elements are the only reason I'm giving Vinology 3 stars instead of 2.

My citrus salad was refreshing and yummy if maybe a little pedestrian and the sous-vide pork was very good and the highlight of the table, for sure. Unfortunately, no one else really had anything good to say about their food. Which brings me to my mother's "panko chicken" dish: This thing is practically in-eatable. The sauce was an incredibly overbearing, salty, sticky, gross mess and the noddles were extremely undercooked. In retrospect, I don't know why we didn't send the dish back. Total amateur hour. When our sour-faced server cleared our plates it was obvious the food was barely touched and he didn't say anything about it. 

As for the service, our waiter was nice enough, but it was glaringly clear that he did not want to be at work. To say he was "less than enthused" would be an understatement. Water glasses were left bone dry, only filled after we asked. My husband wanted to try the chocolate and peanut butter "nitro shake" - a silly process where the poor server has to mix a shake table side with liquid nitrogen - and we had the odd experience of feeling really bad about ordering something. The shake was good, but nowhere near $10 good. Vincent Vega would freak.

Anyway, I'll come back to Vinology for 1/2 off wine and an appetizer, but that's it.
GREAT unpretentious neighborhood wine bar just a few blocks from USC.  Good atmosphere, crowd is mostly students, grad students, low key middle class intellegensia 20-somethings.  Nice bar staff.

Choose your wine from the chalkboard menu-- also has tapas to compliment.

Excellent wines, good prices, reasonably easy parking considering the neighborhood.  Yes the hood is sketchy, so watch your back.

If only I'd have found them before I graduated from USC!  Perfect place to meet up for a drink, or bites with friends.  

Went on a Saturday-- only complaint is it's a little small-- so they run out of room on the busy nights and you might have to wait a while (30 min+) for a seat if you don't make a reservation.  Also-- not really chairs at the bar-- only tables with chairs.
i have been hanging out at this place quite a bit in the last year. i love the wine and the food is really great. the staff is also very knowledgable about the wines, which is refreshing. it's more sophisticated that yr usual ann arbor bar and i like it for that reason. be prepared to spend more than for an average night out, but i feel it's worth it. also, the wine tastings are worth checking out. i went once and you get small plates, about 8 samples of wine, plus a bottle to take home.
bruschette - dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers & roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto
grilled lamb burger
crispy pig ears
oven roasted bone marrow
baraco mac and cheese
breadbar baguette with garlic and salt olive oil

small small space
tables arranged in communal style
with breaks in between set up
for smaller parties.
service is spotty.
usc students next to us
were given much attention.
us working folks, not so much
even tho our table for 2
ordered as much as their party of 6.
decent food, true tapas-style portions.
im glad i came to kill my curiosity.
As you all can tell I've been tracking this place for quite some time now. Since Henry's Prime down the road made way to Jefferey's Hamburgers, I was convinced that a new steakhouse would reap the benefits if it were in the right place. Well, the Stanford shopping mall is proving to be that site. After Piatti high tailed it to Santa Clara, the space served as a temporary retail for Holiday goods, then the folks from Fleming's demolished the old structure and brought up a new one to cater to their, look, feel, and ambiance.  As June rolled around I inquired about their projected opening and Operating Partner Wayne Hanseth had indicated mid October. That came around and then it was moved until Early November. They had mentioned the opening date was moved back so many times they just needed to open to get it out of the way. It was fun to have some insight on things that weren't completely nailed down, how the lighting was incorrect, how some of the carpets were separating and so forth but to the average customer it wouldn't be apparent and sure enough their opening was pretty darn smooth. 

So we took to our menus and perused the many delicious choices that were offered. I started off with the Coppo Barbera which was excellent in it's own right and didn't require the massive amounts of food to follow to be enjoyed. I'm definitely seeking out some of this when I have a chance. As we kept flipping through the menu,  the wait staff started us with some us with some crouton style toasts, and  a duo of white cheddar and olive tapenade dips. After convening on how to maximize side selections we ended up with the following:

- French Onion Soup
- Mozzarella & Tomato Salad
- Cream of Artichoke Soup
- Lobster Tempura
- 3 16oz NY Strip Steaks Medium Rare
- Chipotle Mac & Cheese
- Fleming's Au Gratin Potatoes
- Sauteed Spinach
- Mango Sorbet

I would say the weak links of the nights were the soups. The French Onion was solid but not mind blowing. The Cream of Artichoke was the special and although very good, not $13 good. The Tempura was excellent, multiple tails halved then lightly battered and fried with various vegetables (eggplant, asparagus, red bell pepper) getting similar treatment. The batter was not heavy and the lobster was perfectly cooked and meaty. The addition of the soy/ginger/butter and red jalapeno sauces were also excellent. The steaks were perfectly cooked, I'm talking dead on. There was a month or two where every steak I had was overcooked and it made me sad to see a good cut of meat get abused in such a way. Not here, they were exacting. I guess when you work with a 1600 degree broiler and you cut your steaks evenly in house, it starts to become a little of a science to time things to be spot on. The steaks  come with a simple salt, pepper, parsley and butter seasoning. A couple of us added peppercorn sauce on the side for another dimension  of flavor and it was largely unnecessary but we did it for varieties sake! The potatoes were nearing lasagna levels with all the layering and cheese, being super rich and super tasty. The mac & cheese had a nice kick from the chipotle pepper and the pasta used was cavatappi which not only holds the cheese sauce well, it's not prone to overcooking as fast as normal elbows and maintained a great al dente texture. Definitely the table favorite. The spinach was well blanched, keeping it's bright green color, sauteed with shallots and managed to be the only healthy thing on our table all night. After all pressing the levels of decadence I finished with the Mango Sorbet that was accompanied with fresh Chantilly cream. Holy Cow were we full. I even planned ahead and took home half my steak as an excellent future meal to be had!

The space itself  is very traditional steakhouse. Lots of dark woods,
 low lighting, nice full bar, walk in wine closet, and classic accents throughout. There were definitely a lot of old school steakhouse clientele to match the space as many of the people around us were in full on suits and I bet this becomes one of the new power lunch places where deals are closed. Fleming's is only really up against Sundance as traditional Steakhouses go, since the immediate area doesn't have a Ruth's Chris or Morton's (there is one in San Jose but not that close), they may have an edge on a more wide scale familiarity aspect. 

The servers were all over us and I think the ratio of servers to patrons was quite high. My water never fell past 2/3 full and there was always someone attending to us. They might have been close to tripping on each other there were so many people, but better to be over prepared than under. One of the managers chatted with us for a while and talked about some of the opening pains like a few undercooked steaks which 
happened through the end of the night, but were easily addressed. Overall a great opening and it looks like it's already a hit.
Definitely 5 stars!!

My friends and I did a reunion dinner last night since we hadn't all gotten together since last year when we traveled to China together. Bacaro is an absolute must for USC students, but surprisingly I hadn't been till yesterday!

We came super late after 9, and I did feel bad about that since it closes around 10 10:30. So we got our food order in quickly. Sadly I started a new diet so I can't have carbs after noon, but my scallops with carrot puree was amazing as was the beets and goat cheese my friend and I shared. And I don't even normally like beets! But I definitely need to get that open-faced burger with the fried egg next time. It looked delicious!

Of course the absolute best part of getting a group of 8 friends together - the drinking! We all did the all you can drink wine / beer. It's supposed to be for 2 hours and about $20 / person I think. Since we came so late, we couldn't get the full 2 hours but Johnny (USC alum or student...I can't remember haha) was the best and totally accommodating. So we had tons of bottles of wine and a few pitchers of beer. And even when they ended it, he brought out a couple glasses of white wine for us since we were asking for another bottle. We probably consumed way too much wine and beer that night, but hey what else do you expect when you get a group of college students together?

Keep in mind this place is TEENY and the area a little sketch- but the decor and service (and that it's owned by 2 USC alums) totally make up for it. Definitely planning on coming back a ton more :)

PS Sorry Johnny if we didn't tip well last night... Trust me not an indication of the service or you! More of an indication of our inebriation.
We decided on Vinology at the last minute and got a table on a Saturday even though they don't offer call ahead seating. Had a great steak with Monastrell and enjoyed the atmosphere. The new tapas size portions are a nice option.
Love this place. It's a cool spot with an underground feel, perfect for taking a girl on a casual date. Or their $20 all-you-can drink wine/beer/champagne is a nice change of scenery for a power pregame with your friends. Keep track of time though, because they pull all the bottles at 11 sharp!

Also, non-USC students beware. This halfway-to-hipster hangout used to be a lot farther off-radar, but it has gained a lot more popularity over the last 1-2 years with USC students and is now part of Trojan territory. If you're looking for a quiet, relaxed night at Bacaro LA, then make sure you stop by on a weekday!
So great to have a fantastically gourmet yet cozy and casual wine bar near me! This place just knocks my socks off. It mainly serves college students and cool hipster adults, so no cougars, MILFs, business Daddies, and that kind of aged cheese.

Even though there is a strong presence of Sorostitutes (that's sorority girls + prostitutes), they usually huddle up in a taxi soon after you arrive. And while they're there, they are pretty tame too. Usually they're trying to get their old version of an iPhone to make a greatly over-elaborated Facebook post how much fun they are having (even though "Nathan" or "Matthew" flat-out ditched or no-show'ed them). It's like Nat'l Geographic.

I can't complain at all - happy hour 5-7 M-Th. Wines are definitely unique, sangria is a little sweet, and the beer selection is pretty chill too. And how about that food!?
622 North is one of the nicer upscale restaurants in Blacksburg (if not the only one because it's such a small town). I've had plenty of great meals here. I love how the menu changes weekly based on what is fresh and in season. The dishes are also a nice change of pace from your regular steak and potatoes. I'd call their style classic, creative, and eclectic all in one! I'd recommend to get whatever their special of the week is, which can be found on the large chalkboard menu on the wall next to the piano (or you can just ask your server). Some of my past favorites have been their soft-shell crab appetizer and their bacon-wrapped duck. I've also had the crab cake which is delicious, as well as their spinach artichoke dip. I can't remember all the appetizers I've tried but I don't remember not liking one. When it comes to desserts, I loved when they had the panna cotta with fresh berries and their lemon cheesecake was perfect. Love the ambiance as well! 

The only bad thing about this place is that the service can be a little slow at times. And for first timers, make sure you go around the side of the building to enter, don't go through the first door because that is the bar side of the restaurant, which is completely different! 

I would definitely try this restaurant if you haven't gotten the chance to :)
My favorite restaurant in princeton. Good wine and good food. Perfect
I never quite make it to the Wine Bar. I don't know why. I think it's because I always get distracted by the other stuff. First, it was the beer. So many beers to try. Then, it was the sangria because it was blisteringly hot and sitting outdoors in that heat, well, drinking a lukewarm glass of the red is the last thing you want to do.

This is a great place to meet for drinks, esp. if you can snag a table outdoors on a warm summer day. Prices are super-affordable. You can get a plate of nachos for under $8 that can feed you, your friend, your friend's roommate, and your friend's roommate's cattle farm, and still have enough for lunch the next day.

Also a great spot for people-watching. Unless you're seated next to a middle-aged Irish man and his senior-aged "mature student" pal who proceed to hit on you for the better part of half an hour while you politely chew nachos and hope they'll get the hint and take their charming accents elsewhere so you can go back to catching up with your friend. Not that that happened to me or anything.....
Damn Ruth's Chris (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ruths-chris-steak-house-san-diego#query:ruth%20chris%20steakhouse)... they really ruined all steaks for me. All other steaks just lack flavor now. Sorry Flem's.

I came here with my boyfriend for a late dinner. We were celebrating with an evening out, and it was nice that after we checked in, they greeted us "Happy Anniversary." We had to wait a bit for a table, but after 5 minutes or so they walked us to a little room in the back and handed us our menus. Surprisingly, we opened our menus and found a insert that had a personalized message for us. Funny thing about it was since I made the reservation, it said Happy Wedding Anniversary to Mr. & Mrs. with my last name. This might've made my boyfriend feel a little awkward since apparently he took my last name. Oh yeah, and maybe also the fact that we aren't married. We just laughed it off though, it was pretty funny.

Oh, Fleming's, I applaud the effort. It also makes a good story for us to tell people. Haha :)

Anywho, our server was really nice, along with the entire wait staff. Fleming's does a real good job of making people feel special by being really attentive and polite. We ordered some beer and wine to start off the night and food-wise we got the Filet Mignon & Lobster Tail with Mashed Potatoes and also the Sliced Filet Mignon small plate. Everything here kinda takes a while so I suggest coming here if you're not on a time crunch. While you're waiting for your food, they give you fresh bread which is really good... especially with the butter cream spread on it. It was so great we finished the first basket and asked for another one. The Filet & Lobster Tail was a good amount of food. As you already know, the filet was okay. It's tough to like steak anywhere else once you've had Ruth's, but I thought the lobster tail was pretty delicious. The mashed potato side was also very flavorful and I loved mixing in the bleu cheese with it. The Sliced Filet Mignon was kind of interesting. There were four pieces on top of risotto with various sauces in it. I thought it was okay, but not anything mind-blowing.

Essentially, if the service wasn't phenomenal, I would've rated Fleming's at 3 stars. They even sent us home with a complimentary box of chocolates. This is probably one of the best restaurants in terms of service I've ever been to. Although the food wasn't outstanding to me this time around, I'm more than willing to come back to try other things.
**UPDATE** All we really wanted was a response from Fleming's acknowledging our poor experience and letting us know if that was the new "norm". However, the restaurant went ABOVE AND BEYOND to prove to us that the night we had was an "off" night and not the norm. Needless to say we are back as loyal Fleming's Fans and will return. The management of this restaurant is dedicated to making your experience great, so make sure to tell them how it is. Our steaks last night were thick and juicy with a great sear! Night and DAY difference from our last visit. We will be back! THANKS FLEMING'S FOR SHOWING US WHAT A QUALITY STEAKHOUSE YOU ARE!!


We have been LONG time HUGE fans of Flemings. For ANY special evening out our first call was to make a reservation at Flemings. The same was true when my birthday rolled around a couple of weeks ago. We were early for our reservation and had to wait for a little bit, but that was OK, we had a couple of drinks in the bar. 

When we were seated our waitress (Disney... really, that was her name) seemed a bit disorganized, but we were so excited for the food we didn't care. We ordered wine and were steered away from a favorite and didn't enjoy our choice (not bad, but not what we were in the mood for). This all would be fine except the QUALITY OF FOOD! We ordered a salad to start and then our steaks. We are HUGE steak fans. My husband is from Texas and we love steak! We were disappointed to see that our salads were definitely SMALLER portions than before which wouldn't at all bother us except that it alerted us to the fact that they made changes. When our steaks came out they were not at all up to the usual standards. There was no crust and while they were cooked OK, there was NOTHING special about them. Not at all the standard that we are used to. 

The most disappointing thing is that we had a business card of one of the managers and we had spoken to him a few times on other visits. We dropped him a note letting him know of our recent experience and asking if we happened to come on an off night or if these were changes we could expect from then on... and we didn't HEAR BACK! Nothing, nada, not even an acknowledgment that he got our email.

I am so disappointed to write that I would no longer recommend this to anyone. There is a Donovan's and a Ruth's Chris nearby and unfortunately, we will be trying those from now on.  You should too, unless you want the happy hour. Even the chocolate lava cake has been disappointing the last two times.

Sad news, but there are much more reliable steak houses out there... don't waste your money here.
I should probably start this review with a long list of superlatives but I'll settle for just two.  Amazing and extraordinary!  If you are from Center City take the big leap and cross the bridge.  You can to it!  It's worth it!  If you are from the western burbs it's an easy drive.

Most folks come here for the wine and the cheese & meat plates.  Yes there will be several craft beers but the stars of the show are wine and cheese.  The cheese and meat plate come will all manner of yummy accoutrements that always seem to go well with the wine.

I could go on and on about the wine selection but it's such a personal thing I'll let you discover the wonders when you visit.  

This is a great place to go to begin an evening.  If you plan on spending the evening here you will probably spend a little more than you expect but it will be worth it!
Overall, this is a terrific wine bar. Excellent service, cool ceiling decor, great wine selections, but the one thing preventing it from being 5 star is the space. Just know that this place has very, very limited seating. If you come here on a busy night, there's a very good chance you'll have to wait around until people leave. You can make a reservation ahead of time, but ONLY if you have a party of 6 or more people. 

Which brings me to the next point: People, if you're going to make a reservation, then show up on time! Last night, when I came with 3 of my friends, we waited over 40 minutes before we were seated. The reason we couldn't be seated was because an open table had been reserved, and so the hosts were waiting for the party to show up. Their reservation was for 8:00 p.m. I checked my watch and it was already 8:30. Half an hour late? That's unacceptable. So basically we waited around staring at an empty table that could've been filled. There were also complications with seating because another large party of 10 was coming in soon, so they had to clear out space for that arrival. I think Bacaro needs to be stricter about its reservation policies: assume forfeit of reservation for parties who are unreasonably late, and accommodate the needs of customers who are actually present. 

During our wait, we polished a bottle of red and considered leaving, but we brought our complaint to the hostess, who did apologize and offered us some appetizers on the house - the olive/peanuts and the bread. It tasted fine, but for putting up with all this seating nonsense, we had expected to get a little more in return, but oh well. They finally took the reservation sign away and gave us the table. After we were seated we did have a good time, ordered the delicious bread pudding (must try!), and drank another bottle of white (Fallanghina). We used the LivingSocial deal too, so we paid $20 for $40 worth of the bill. 

Moral of the story: Expect limited seating, and if you are going to make a reservation, please be considerate of other people's time and convenience. 

Also, if you want to get away from the college scene, you can go to their second location in Downtown LA called Mignon. I'll review it later.
Took the s/o here for the big mid-life crisis birthday dinner, whatever age that is supposed to be.  We've been to just about every steakhouse in the South Bay Area with Alexander's being our all-time favorite but we've never made it to Fleming's so I figured now's a better time than ever.

I gave myself time to condense everything what I needed to say in as few sentences as possible, otherwise it'd you'd have to scroll, scroll, scroll down for ages, so here we go...

FOOD:
What steakhouse does not serve Prime Rib on their daily menu?  Apparently Fleming's doesn't.  Prime Rib is my favorite steak to eat, hands down.  But they only serve it on Sundays.  Yes, I knew this beforehand but, I just think it's ridiculous.

We started with the Lump Crab Louis Wraps, which were pieces of crab on top of butter lettuce leaves.  It was good, had generous portions of crab but overall, it was just crab on lettuce with Thousand Island dressing.

I ordered the Main Filet Mignon which was decent, not the best cut of FM I've ever had.  Funny though how I noticed three separate cuts into my meat to insure it was cooked.  I guess the chef really had to make sure.  The s/o orderd the Bone-in Ribeye.  I really felt bad because the s/o kept asking me how my steak was instead of answering me how the Ribeye was, which is a sign that the s/o didn't care for it too much.

For our sides, we ordered the Fleming's Potatoes, which is literally this rectangular block of sliced potatoes.  It kind of reminded me of those hard fruit cakes during the holidays.  It tasted decent but far from mind blowing.  Our other side was the Creamed Spinach.  It was a little watery but I liked it very much, compared to other versions of Creamed Spinach I've had.

SERVICE:
As soon as we got seated, our server greeted us and took our drink order.  We thought she was friendly but that thought started to diminish every minute passed...18-minutes to be exact.  When she did come back to take our order, she didn't have our drink order in hand, nor did she apologize about it.  She eventually had one of the bussers take care of it for us.  The next time she comes around is when they brought out our food.  Before we even got to taste any of it, she asks, "How's your dinner?"  I just smiled...cuz I had no clue what to say.  When we were done, the obligatory dessert menu came around but we declined and asked for the check.  I'm not looking to be entertained or to make a new friend but for a higher-class restaurant I'd expect a refined level of service.  But, I will say the bussers that attended to our table were excellent, they kept our glasses full and immediately removed any of our dirty plates.

Overall, would I ever come back to Fleming's?  Well, I did complete the survey and eventually got a $25 certificate for doing so.  But that's enough for me to come back or to even recommend any of my friends and family coming here.
Went here last night for some post-work drinks after trying to go to Grendel's (too crowded) and before we headed over to The Burren. Cozy bar, decent beer selection (no hard liquor drinks though, be warned), nice music, casual/divey atmosphere. I liked that they listed Black & Tan, Snakebite, and Black Velvet on the actual menu (I tend to forget these exist unless reminded), and their hand-cut fries were fresh, thick, and chunky with the skins still on, just how I like 'em. 

Service was decent, prices are decent, all in all not a bad place to grab some drinks. Not a total destination, but not a total last resort either IMO.
Teresa's uses fresh produce to make simple yet interesting Italian cuisine. The bread comes from the Witherspoon bakery and is excellent, served with a herbed olive oil. The wine list has a good price range from very affordable to some better bottles. 

Service is good and its always busy.

Note that you can't book. We've never had to wait long at all but have only gone in groups of 2 or 3. A larger group might be a problem.
Liked the hole-in-the-wall uniqueness of the joint (yep, it's a "joint"), but had the cheddar burger today and it wasn't great.  Ordered medium rare - came medium well.  The thick cut fries are awesome though.  Very limited food menu - drinkers would be happy here.
Best burger with excellent service

If you're lucky enough to find a place at the bar, you'll be rewarded with truly attentive, professional service. These folks really have it together. The food is excellent, the wine list a delight, the atmosphere comfortable and elegant. We've had dinner here before, but today I felt like having a quick lunch at the bar. The burger ended up being perfectly cooked, complemented by a tasty green salad. But more than anything, I enjoyed the superior service. Fabulous. My new favorite lunch spot. You won't be disappointed. (But don't take my seat.)
Showing my age, I can say that I had several dinners in this location when it was Baum Vivant.  It's great to see such a great use of the space that is the restaurant Toast.  I went here for a private dinner of about 15 people.  There was a pre-set menu that had about 4 choices for appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I went with the asparagus soup, hanger steak, and chocolate mousse.  All were excellent.  

Toast has a very extensive list of wines by the glass.  This is a pretty unusual thing to see around the Burgh (and a common thing to see in SF).  Each wine glass also comes in 3 different sizes which is great if you want to try a bunch of different wines.  I thought this was really creative.

Toast is an excellent restaurant for a larger group like ours.  I definitely plan to come back again to experience the full menu.

The only negative thing I can say about Toast is that for a weeknight, the parking situation sucks.  There's no lot, no valet, and you have to park on the street.  I don't know if there's a valet on the weekend or not, but that would greatly help.
For my 25th birthday, it was the right place. Hli and I walked by one day and checked out their menu. Let me tell you, totally worth the price. We had prime rib, filet mignon, lobster souffle, cremem brulee, bruschetta, mashed potatoes, yum-o. IT WAS AWESOME. To top it off, our waitress is a Jabbawokkeez fan. holler! :)
Went tonight (Monday) for happy hour.  Arrived at 6 -the bar was packed.  We waited 25 minutes for a booth.  It was fine to wait except you had to stake out a table and every new group that arrived was competition trying to grab the table before you.  Exhausting/Annoying.  It would be great to put your name in for a booth.  It would make happy hour much more relaxing.

Positives:
*We started with the bbq shrimp.  Spciy and delicious.  4-5 shrimp for $5.  Nice!
*Prime Burgers with cheese and bacon are fantastic.   My husband and I both ordered the burger and we loved it.  So juicy and flavorful!
* Bartender came over to our table to take our order after she saw us sitting there for 20 minutes - she was great.

Negatives:
*Piranha-like environment to get a table during happy hour.  Ugh.
* Service.  There was one waiter serving 4 booths but he was overwhelmed (?!)  When we finally got a booth, we sat there for 15 minutes and finally had to ask a busboy who was passing by to clear the dishes from the former guests.  We asked him to send our waiter over.  After 20 minutes, the bartender came over to rescue us.  Thank you bartender!
*While we sat at a dirty table, we watched the dweeby manager ogle over some girl at the bar who was so out of his league.  He spent more of his time trying to impress her then take care of the restaurant on a very busy evening.  Really pathetic.  

We also dined at Fleming's in the restaurant a few months ago.  While it was pricey, we had a great meal.  We would go back for happy hour (early) or to splurge on a nice meal.
quaint little place to grab some friends, a bottle of wine and chat the evening away.  This place is small and has chalkboard walls all around that features the menu. Cute.
Lots of USC kids as campus is just down the street. They have a pretty good selection of beer and wine.
I just don't get it.  Fleming's is an expensive restaurant, yet its aesthetic is a parody of what you imagine your grandfather looks for when it's "steak night".  

The walls are solid dark-stained wood, and the lighting is dim enough that you're effectively blind for 30 seconds after entering the door.  I sat at a white tablecloth, and a waiter in all black took a look at my girlfriend and me, then asks, "Sir, will you be in charge of the wine this evening?"  We asked if they had beer, and he recited a list that would have been current in 1975.  Does anybody, ever, pair food with Bud Light?

During our meal, a portly man in a full suit walked into our room, looked around, then walked out, repeating the ritual once every ten minutes.  Presumably the manager, he looked fit for a funeral, or perhaps a supporting role in a mob movie.

The other diners sported a distribution of inexplicable clothes that centered around white slacks and Hawaiian shirts that appeared as if they actually cost quite a bit, perhaps ones from Tommy Bahama.  For desert we were offered a "Chocolate Molten Lava Cake". 

The food was delicious, but this is the Bay Area.  If you pay $40 a plate, you expect to eat something that has been created with ingenuity and craft, paired with the most delicious drinks currently available.  When it was time to pay, the waiter looked directly at me, "Whenever you're ready, sir."  Apparently he not only lacked the ability to speak to women, but also the notion that it might be her turn to pick up the check.  Fleming's is like a very good dinner at a nursing home.
Love this wine bar!  The little plates were super tasty, too.  A great place to go when you're looking for a few small bites and a nice selection of wine to go with your food.  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
I love that this place has two happy hour times: one for right after work and one late night til closing.  The HH menu is pretty long.  They have about 6 different wines, a few beers, and cocktails on the list.  Also on there is a carafe of sangria!  MMM.

They also have food at discounted prices.  Their chopped salad, fries and mac and cheese are delicious.  I love me some mac and cheese.  Friends had the sliders and tacos and said good things. 

The crowd here is definitely older and tamer than its neighboring counterparts at Palominos and Glendon Bar and Kitchen.  This is great for when you want to actually have a conversation you can hear.

Happy hour seating is right by the bar.  They have tables available or you can sit by the bar.  

Parking options are street or valet.  There's also that lot on Broxton that has 2 hour free parking if you enter before 6pm and a flat $3 (??) if you enter after 6pm.  Note: if you go over the 2 hour free parking they will charge per 15min and not just a flat $3.  I had to learn that the hard way.  I haven't used Napa Valley's valet yet, but they seem pretty friendly, always saying hi and opening the front door to the restaurant.
Our server was fantastic. FANTASTIC!!!! He was attentive and explained everything on the menu in detail, like how the scallops were not really in a "chowda" and explained which were the daintier plates and which had more sustenance. :) 

Went with a big group for dinner so I got to see and taste a wide variety of dishes, but I personally got the turkey bolognese with a side of broccolini. The broccolini was delicious! I should have just ordered 3 orders of those especially since it's so hard to find good cooked green vegetables in american restaurants. The turkey bolognese tasted really robust and rich. Couldn't even tell it was turkey and not something meatier. 

It's not the type of place I usually go for, but if you want a nice upscale California restaurant in the Westwood area, this would be it.
Okay so I've grown fond of the shoestring fries after all!

Once again Mercato delivers an amazing all around dining experience from the lighting and seating to the service and of course the food.  Mercato is absolutely my favorite "upscaley" restaurant in Ithaca where the food and atmosphere is worth every penny you spend.  Seriously!

This time around, I had the cream of asparagus soup which was super tasty.  The asparagus wasn't overpowered by tons of heavy cream.  In fact the soup was surprisingly light.

For an entree, I had the pan seared scallops with leeks in some kind of buttery sauce with shoestring fries. In this case, the fries worked really well with the delicate texture of the scallops which won me over!

For dessert, I had the caramel espresso pot de creme which was incredibly good but my friend opted for the coconut panna cotta topped with caramelized pineapple which was amazing!!  

The folks at Mercato are serious about good food and have created what I consider to be the perfect eating establishment.
If you can afford it, give it a shot. Some concerns first, though, so you're not disappointed:

The Saturday brunch was a bit confusing as I arrived at the time they said they would open. And they were open, but said the kitchen wouldn't be open for half an hour. So we waited to be seated. For exactly 30 minutes. The clock's ticking on my two-hour parking job, and don't think they were offering to jog half a mile and re-park my car.

Mimosas. Excellent. What they don't tell you is, they're $10 a pop. Refills too. Needless to say, half of our entire check.

But everything's quality, with a special shout out to the bread (free). Great stuff. So make sure you've got some patience and your wallet's strong enough, then come in and try it.
I'd like to give two seperate star ratings, but I can't On one hand while my food was great, I can't say the same for the service. The bartender was fine, he knew his stuff and got down to business without making awkward conversation. But the waitress, oh boy. She was curt and made you feel like you were bothering her for ordering whatever you wanted. However when you actually got the beer and food, you're glad you came. The tuna melt was great, the fries were amazing. They have a great selection of beers, you can smoke outside and they have a pretty good menu, so if you can get over the questionable hospitality factor, this is a great place. A plus sangria, too.
I love restaurants that transport me to my happy place of Napa. Sadly I felt more like I entered a Disneyland type of themed restaurant instead of someplace actually in the Napa Valley. Ambiance inside seemed dated especially with the leaves patterned fabric of the booths as well as the huge "wine harvest" mural on the back wall where we were sitting. The outside patio looks nice and will probably request a seat outside next time weather permitting. 

We were greeted my a friendly hostess and an even friendlier chatty host lead us to our table immediately. I caught him off guard a bit when I jumped the gun and asked him how he was doing before he could ask us. He said it was a nice surprise for a change. 

Our even friendlier server Larson approached us in no time and caught both of us off guard when we each ordered an iced tea and he said there was several flavors to choose from. The use bottled teas from Republic of Teas and have lovely flavor choices. I went for the Peach Ginger and it was quite tasty. Along with our teas, a delicious Focaccia and a marinara style dipping sauce were brought out for us to start with. 

We went with the dineLA menu ($22 lunch) and pretty much already knew what we wanted. After all, looking at their menu in advance was the reason we choose to dine here. Huge plus for their menu being the same as what is online. 

I'm a sucker for a squash soup and surprised Lucy when I passed on the pork belly salad. My Autumn Squash Soup was delicious in taste and texture. Hit the spot and now I will probably be craving squash soup or filled items like crazy. Speaking of squash, they had Tahitian Squash Tortellini on their regular menu and I want those bad! 

I love me some Stroganoff so when I saw a Lamb Stroganoff on their dineLA menu I knew my order right away. I am not a lamb fan really but I could not pass this dish up. The lamb was uber tender and the sauce was rich and light. The housemade papardelle noodles sealed the deal and the mushrooms and bermuda onions were perfectly sauteed. And a huge surprise to see my stroganoff topped with a wonderful sour creamesque dolop and finely chopped chives. Ahhhh this was a good dish. 

Dessert was another no brainier. Hello Corn Bread Pudding! WOW! It was amazing! It looked and tasted like a crumbly warm and delicious corn bread muffin but was gooey like bread pudding and the sweetness from the caramel sauce and vanilla bean ice cream made this savory side dish a stand out dessert. We asked Larson if it was on their regular menu and he said unfortunately they made it special for dineLA. I am contemplating on writing them a little note telling them it was AMAZING and worthy to be on their regular menu. Or at least for them to feature it seasonally. Like NOW! 

Parking is available by Valet for $4.00 or you can try to find street parking by meters. We went with valet and didn't have to wait but 2 minutes for our car to be brought around. 

Again, service was fantastic, food was delicious and this was a GREAT dineLA meal that will bring me back to enjoy another meal here.
Outstanding Service. The food is even better :-)
The enormous portions and various meals are shockingly delicious. It only took me to order one appetizer and two side dishes to feel triply-fool. One more thing is all I ate there is healthy and aesthetically beautiful. Dim lights, expensive wood furniture and different types of vine wake up only warm and relaxing feelings.
After more than a year's hiatus, I've visited 622 North three times in the last month; twice for dinner, and once for Sunday Brunch.  The Restaurant is now much improved over the opening, really hitting it's stride.  Main courses are excellent--my last was quail fried in a light cornmeal batter.  The risotto cake appetizer was excellent. For brunch I had the house version of eggs benedict with cappicola instead of canadian bacon.   I am looking forward to returning and to trying one of the Prix Fixe "Market menu" meals.  I agree with Jacob R. that this restaurant now offers the highest level of dining in Blacksburg. All they need to do now is get rid of the tacky plastic "coca-cola" water glasses from the previous establishment (Bogen's).
The lava cake is tremendous! It comes with a bowl of whipped cream that is so over the top that I felt so jolly eating my lava cake, vanilla ice cream, cookie, and pistachio crumbs with it.

I had that as part of the $30 prix fixe prime rib dinner that is available in July and August at this price (normally it is $36 on Sundays, I think).

The wait staff is impeccably well-trained and the ambiance is perfect. There are two TVs above the bar area. Each table has a spotlight shining on the table but everything else is warm and soothing. The wine cellar is visible and has a nice layout. The restaurant uses lots of wood and feels contemporary. I didn't find the chairs to be comfortable.

There are so many wines by the glass. One of the best aspects is the ample parking and being able to walk around the mall afterwards to help digest and work off a couple of the whipped cream calories.

The prime rib comes with three types of sauces that are all good. There is a really great list of sides that give you plenty of options.

I'm going back while this deal is still available.
Excellent food.  Pleasant decor. I wish they had more comfortable seating, but otherwise it's a really great restaurant.  And in a part of town where the next best thing is Denny's...
i wanted to give it 4.5 stars. 

the food is great, and they have interesting selections of drinks ive never seen before (im not a huge alcohol connoisseur anyways).

why 4.5 strs: only downfall is u have to order about 5 main-dish selections to get near full. i guess this place is more for just snacking and having a drink with your friends.

table is also really small. so if ur fat get it togo. or put 2 tables and 2 chairs together.... jk
I would have to rate Flemings as one of the better steak houses.  I've been to Smith and Wollinskys in Las Vegas, Mortons in SF and  Peter Luger's in Brooklyn and none of them came close to Flemings.

We started with the seafood tower for four.  Let me tell you, that was a bunch of seafood.  There was dungeness crab meat, cerviche, jumbo prawns, baby lobster tails and plenty of snow crab legs.  I guess they could have thrown in some raw oysters but the amount was plentiful.  I would suggest that a party of four order the seafood tower for two and possibly another starter.  The wine list was extensive.  One nice thing is that you can get almost any wine on their list by the glass.  The negative was that it was not cheap ($19.75).

My son ordered the prime ribeye done to a perfect medium rare.  He said it was the best he ever had!  My wife and daughter-in-law both ordered the 12 oz. filet mignon.  They each ended up taking 2/3 of it home.  I would definitely consider the smaller filet.  We decided not to share any salads and that was a good thing because each of us struggled with our main courses.  We chose cream spinach, Flemings potatoes (similar to au gratin) and grilled asparagus.  They were good but I wasn't blown away by any of the three.  The service was superb as was the ambience.  We decided on the dessert sampler since none of us had room for a single dessert.  It turned out to be a great choice since there was enough of each for each of us to sample.  It was only $14.75 as compared to $8.50 for a single dessert.

I would definitely come here again.  I'll have to start putting money in a special fund so I can afford it!
Wine is good
Open again after being shut down by the health dept. Unfortunately the new crowd is rowdy and dangerous. Fist fights outside have become common. Go at your own risk.
There are a lot of good things about Flemings-service, food, ambience. Here are the downers: The wines are high for the amount you get in the glass. I don't mind paying 11 or 13 dollars for a glass of real good wine, but I want about twice what they give you in the glass. Don't give me that the glass is big, either. It is, but they don't pour much. I'm sure they make a lot of money off of it. My steak was too rare tonight. I wanted it medium well and it looked medium to medium rare. It was such good flavor that I didn't bother to send it back. We went on Valentine's Day and the six buck wine deal was only good at the bar. I might have picked another night to go. It was expensive and I can't afford to go that often anyway. It will be awhile before I go back if I'm paying.
They get 100% for delicious pasta and great wine pairing. 

Unfortunately, you have to dedicate a whole night to getting seated, even on weekdays. Being a local and constantly searching for good restaurants in town, I weigh all the factors... food, ambiance, wait, ...

Teresa's has great food and and fairly good service, but the wait for a table is horrible and the wait for the check is just as long. I would budget about 2 to 3 hours for a meal here. 

I can't say I am a fan, but I would recommend this restaurant to friends who want good food despite the wait.
Great steaks at reasonable prices and AMAZING service ... the manager Tyler has a great staff that provides service with a smile.
When you make your reservations, ask for Elizabeth to be your server - she is the best.
i had great expectations especially after reading the yelp reviews but although the wine was fantastic, the food was awful. don't know if the kitchen was having an off night but we ordered the pizza and it literally came out burnt to a crisp on one side and cheese-less on the other.
for the price, i've had so much better.
and although the menu said 20% gratuity added for 6ppl or more - they added it for my party of 5 (we always tip atleast 20% but maybe they knew the food sucked?)

i don't think i'll be back :(
3.5 stars. The best part about this place is the food--I had spinach salad which was very interesting with amazing gourmet cheese, both blue cheese and ricotta salata, apples, pine nuts. Five stars for the salad. I also had the pasta special which was fettuccine, chicken, artichokes, with sun-dried tomato pesto sauce. Delicious. The wine I was recommended-- not so satisfying. It tasted cheap, but it was $8-10/glass. The worst part of the dining experience was the service. I entered at 9:56pm and was told by the waitress (after she brushed past me twice and didn't say anything, although I was clearly waiting to be seated) that they weren't serving anymore. I asked the bartender if there was a chance I could sit at the bar and order quickly and she said "Oh, you can have a table, no problem--kitchen is open for few more minutes."   The waitress who had just denied me service was now my lady. She wasn't so happy and I had to ask for everything like water, bread, pepper. So don't come here expecting fantastic service. But the food was good and authentic Italiano!
Review is for Happy Hour.  Food is great (got the burger and the ravioli) and only $6 per dish.  Drinks were good too, but the regular drinks are much better than the HH ones.  (We ordered an HH "mojita" but got a regular mojito instead.  The regular was really good, the HH one more watered down.)

The problem here is that the HH is bar only, and seats are tough to come by.  But show up and wait, it's worth it.
I was in town recently to visit my sister when a friend of hers suggested we check out Vinology for dinner.   Neither of us had been there yet but we both love good wine and good food so we decided to give it a shot.  Wow, were we impressed!  The restaurant itself absolutely gorgeous, the wine and food top notch, and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming.  We ended up staying here most of the night!  I highly recommend stopping by for dinner or a drink whenever you have the opportunity.
A little expensive for lunch. Food was fresh but nothing that would make me want to come back. Service was ok.
I attended a dinner event on Friday.

Service - It wasn't bad but simply slow.  I had to look for a server and ask him to get more diet coke.  Also, it took forever to get food on the table 

Food - I had Ribeye and it was excellent.  Honestly, I couldn't complain at all. 

Price - Every expensive.  I had Diet Coke, Caesar Salad and Ribeye and the total came out to be $58.40.  Then, add tax and tips... The grand total was over $70!  I am glad that steak was good otherwise I would been upset :)
Shay's is a true hidden gem. It has a real underground, European feel to it, the food is great, the staff is friendly, and if you chat up the bartender about 90s grunge music he just may let you play one of your CDs on the stereo. I always meet somebody new when I go there. Slightly off the beaten path and a refuge from the usual Eurotrashy/college scene. The only thing that kind of blows is how crowded it can get in the summer.
We went to Flemings tonight to check it out.  The restaurant is located at the Stanford Mall and parking was ample.

We walked in around 5:00 and was sat down immediately in a comfortable booth.  We started with the fried calamari after eating a loaf of their warm bread.  Both were tasty......but not the best.

We ordered rib-eye steaks and sides of mac and cheese, creamed spinach and fries and onion rings.

The steak was cooked to perfection, but the sides were very average.

The service and ambience was excellent,  the food was good, but not great.

Good steakhouse, but Ruth's Chris is much better!
Happy hour is awesome-food and wine for $5.  It is a great place to pass time if you want to wait out LA traffic.
went here for my fiances bday.  also happened to be here for silicon valley restaurant week - however the menu is the same as their typical 3 course meal menu, minus ~$5.  

made reservations and they seated us promptly, even though they were clearly busy.  waiter knew it was her bday so gave her a free desert, truffle chocolates, and proceeded to take a pic of us.  we were worried our face was going to be plastered somewhere, but instead he came back with a framed picture of us eating good food.

the meat is cooked just fine, as expected with an expensive steakhouse.  only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because we technically ordered off the silicon valley restaurant week menu but we still got charged the reg 3 course meal price (i know... its chump change... but still!)
Awesome place with some very unique dishes. Everything is good but you gotta get the shrimp and grits for an appetizer.
I had been to Flemings in other cities before and always expected 3-4 star steaks. However, this past week I was very impressed with the steak. Everyone at our table LOVED their steak. Good job Flemings. The bone in filet was delicious and cooked to (my) perfection.
More like 4.5 stars, really. If the service and beer prices were just a little bit better, we'd be looking at five stars.

Been here a couple times and have nothing to complain about. The beer prices are easy to sidestep, because there are plenty of excellent wines plus various specials (highlighted wines, deals after 10 pm). 

All of the food I've had here was delicious, including: roasted beets w feta and honey almonds, the smoked chicken sandwich, the meat plate, the roasted almonds and the olives (that was a while ago). 

The interior is sleek, and the outdoor deck is a nice addition, plus the bar and tables near the front when the windows are flung open are a perfect option. There aren't too many bad seats at Biba. My sandwich arrived a bit later than it should have on a recent visit, but that wasn't a dealkiller.

For what it does (fine wines and tasty small plates at reasonable prices), Biba stands alone in its immediate area. As others have noted, there aren't a lot of options over there, but it's nice that UCity has this one.
Excellent Happy Hour.  Super friendly staff.  The half chicken was perfect - no dry parts.  Had a great time.  The outside area is fabulous.
i abso-freaking-lutely love this place! its a really cute place, yes a bit on the expensive side especially for college students but tapas are expensive and for what you get, i'd say its affordable.

i came here with my sister and we both ordered 3 dishes as well as their baguette (DO NOT PASS ON THIS...SOOOO good and only #2?!! you cant go wrong!) and we were STUFFED with some leftovers but not too many.

we got the mac and cheese: SOO GOOD, bruschetta: yes yes!, white pizza: good but i wouldnt' say you HAVE to get this, pork belly: omg..melts in your mouth!!, chipotle cauliflower: one of my fav dishes. My sister also got the shrimp dish (i dont eat seafood) but i tried some of the sauce and it was some good stuff

i love this place. its a great place to take people when their visiting especially since USC is surrounded by fast food joints or run down looking places.

Bacaro LA is a gem!
Came to Bacaro because I had a Living Social coupon and arrived at 6:45. Two tables are marked as reserved which I find interesting for a restaurant that can't even hold 40 people. The bartender, Kandiss, was friendly as she let us taste a couple of wines while we waited. 

FINALLY got a table at 7:40 after no acknowledgement or apology from waiters/managers for the wait. I've never felt that invisible before at a restaurant. We even had to flag down the waiter to put in our order. I know it's customary to give a few minutes for customers to decide what to order, but after almost an hour of waiting, we had known what we wanted for a while.  The first dish came out after a few minutes but we had no utensils or water. 

We asked Bobby for some water but did not get it after eating 4 dishes. Yet after asking Andy for water, he brought it over immediately. 

The food and wine was pretty good. Unfortunately, the petite filet had ran out by the time we ordered even though we saw 3 of them come out of the kitchen while we waited.  The panini (gruyere, roast beef, onions), crostini (marscapone, gorgonzola, goat cheese), and Bacaro burger (w/ fried egg) were my favorites. Still, it was hard to get the bad service out of my mind.
Ok, so like everyone else hasbeen saying, happy hour is awesome. no joke, the $6 prime rib burger is so good. my roomie and I split one, and we also split the seared ahi tuna appetizer, which is also on their happy hour menu. Often times I'll get seared ahi tuna at restaurants and be really disappointed, but Fleming's does a really good job with theirs. It's not the sear that's hard, although they do it perfectly here, it's the seasoning, which they really nailed, for me at least. Definitely recommend the seared ahi tuna. The reason I'm only giving it four stars is because the cocktails we ordered came a little strong for my liking. I ordered something that was a little fancier than a screwdriver, it had pom juice in it, but it wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be. I liked how the bartender shakes it and the waitress brings it to your table in the shaker and pours it into the martini glass right in front of you. Overall though, the food is definitely worth going for. Perhaps next time I'll just order a glass of wine to go with my burger.
Really, really cool place.

The atmosphere is great, very relaxed and intimate. Seems like it would be a great place to come just to drink wine and have some small plates or dessert.

The food is very good, too, and surprisingly inexpensive given the decor of the place. My girlfriend and I both got the Pesto Chicken Panini and shared a plate of Dolmas. Both were excellent, especially the paninis. The bread was perfectly crisp, and the goat cheese and sun-dried tomatoes really brought the sandwich from good to great.

Afterwards, we shared a pair of desserts - the cheesecake and the "Menage-a-tres" (a platter with toasted bread, nutella, strawberries, oranges, goat cheese, and sea salt). Both were good, the cheesecake especially.

I definitely plan to come back here again, especially once my girlfriend is 21.
We recently had a wonderful dinner here for my wife's birthday.  The food was expertly prepared and the service was impeccable.
This place has a lot of potential to be great i think i came in on the wrong night.  But the service was great very friendly
Relaxed drinking spot in the square. If you're lucky enough to get an outside table it's a pretty nice place to chill with a pint and friends. Inside it is pretty cramped.
Warning you are about to get ripped off.  No joke.  It started with a $101 bottle of wine (that I know is marked up 125% and not from Napa). Good, but made me slightly mad. Then came the cheese plate -- I love a good cheese plate - but out came a few chunks of Cracker Barrel and some string cheese (perhaps Polly-O). Then came us walking out  before it could get any more abusive. Trust me, if you've been to Napa, this is going to hurt.
Quality trumps quantity at Bacaro's. 

Came here for an impromptu bday dinner on a Sunday night and boy was I blown away. We skipped out on AYCE beefsteak (glad i did) bc it was the least of my favs on menu. Ordered staple white wine from Spain (forgot name), signature bacaro burger - has a freakin quail egg sunny side up yumm!, scallops - perfectly seared and seasoned, spicy roasted eggplant flatbread - delish! (and i dont even like eggplant), bread with side of roasted garlic infused in olive oil - roasted garlic yumm, beefsteak w. taters - dry and boring, and a yummy spongey cake for desert - sooo good. Mind you all dishes are tapas portions so you can order away to your hearts content w.o having to commit to any single entree. FYI, for people who love sampling a bite of everything but don't want to break too much bank, they have cool deals like 3 dishes for $21. 

Till we meet again Bacaro~
Yep, really good steaks and sides. Much like a Ruth Chris or Shula's. Very expensive so prepare to pay in the $40+ range for your steak. Fantastic service as can be expected and extensive wine list. We had a couple bottles of reds that I really like which is saying something for a guy who is not all that fond of red wine. Good place for a date night or customer dinner or special occasion.
I live close by so it seems like the go to spot when friends come over because they have a decent happy hour. Their wine list is a hit or miss since its a little seasonal and they tried to expand a little out of the normal range. My favorite was the the Belle Glos Meomi but they no longer serve it since the last time I was there. 

Their lunch/dinner menu is decent though they have an excellent Sunday brunch. You get to choose a small portion of eggs Benedict, waffles...etc so you can have several things for breakfast instead of committing to a huge stack of pancakes.  

I have been here a lot and the service has always been good. I would recommend this as a kickback place for friends, maybe a nice date on a Wednesday sitting outside in the patio.
I came here for Happy Hour but was a little disappointed.  I really loved the complimentary bread and dipping sauce, it was probably the highlight of the meal.  I ordered the chicken caesar salad.  Not only was it an extremely small portion, but it also wasn't anything special.  The dressing was good, the chicken was average.  As for the drinks, the Cosmo was really good, however the margarita was terrible.  The portion size was just very small for the price and lack of flavor for the happy hour specials.  I don't plan on going back willingly.
Billed as Tria's "fun little cousin" just over the Walnut Street Bridge in West Philly, Biba surpassed expectations from the moment we thirsty travelers wandered in. 

An evening lecture at the Penn Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology had woken our need for a glass of wine, a pour of beer, and some decadent snacks. Damn, did we find the right place!  Though there are no beers on draft, the bottled selection should satisfy any geek with representation from every major style.  

My Allagash White was $6 and provided a refreshing palate cleanser in between bites of Biba's signature dish, a gratin of truffled egg with potato, wild mushrooms, spinach and fontina.  This rich little number was just as charming as its predecessor and plausible inspiration, Tria's truffled egg toast. Our server kindly split a green salad (with tons of crumbled, pungent bleu cheese) onto two plates without being asked. 

Two cheeses, the cloudlike, dreamy triple-creme La Tur and a racy blue Vacheron, finished us off.  The only gripe I can muster about Biba is the bread served with everything: it's a hard-crusted, country-style loaf, and in my opinion far too rustic for the sort of elegant cheeses featured here.  These fine fromages would be better served by something more like a baguette, with a finer crumb and less forward yeasty flavor.  A minor quibble, to be sure, and not one that should prevent anyone with a yen for the fabulous fermented from enjoying Biba.
love!! everything is good, staff is wonderful! def coming back ;)
I love this swanky little wine bar in downtown San Luis and find it to be a great spot for lunch, a glass of wine and good conversation. The place is literally the size of a closet. I've mostly been in off-ish hours (after the lunch rush, or sunday mornings etc) and so have never had problem finding a table. Everything about the place is very euro-wine-loungy and it has a great vibe. Grab the window seat if you can! They also had (have?) a great Bloody Mary Bar on sunday mornings that is super fun and delicious - all kinds of fun things to put in your 'Mary. And yummy breakfasty type food too. 

Service is fantastic. Usually the same person taking your order and pouring your wine is the same one making your panini. They are for the most part well trained and unobtrusive, and knowledgeable about the winelist, and are happy to make recommendations. One time one even gave me a taste of a wine I wasn't sure about (which was much appreciated!). It's also open pretty late (11pm most nights) which is nice.

*All* the wines here are non-US. I appreciate this - there are plenty of tasting rooms here on the central coast, and plenty of other winebars that are Paso/Edna/Napa/SYV etc oriented, so it's great for that "And now, for something a little different..." factor. I have been here at least four or five times now and never have been steered wrong yet. They also have a couple of decent beers on tap, and shochu cocktails if wine isn't your thing.

They have a nice selection of paninis and small plates, and an absolutely delicious beet & chevre goat salad. And ohmygoodness. The CUPCAKES. They're from Amy Bakes Cupcakes. Lordy they are good...not a bad flavor in the bunch but my favorite is the Bumble Bee (Lavender & Honey) - sublime! I won't lie, I've been in here a couple of times and just gotten a cupcake & a glass of wine. 

I have two tiny gripes with this place. I think it is a dollar or two over priced for most of the menu items. I *love* local and organic types of dining in general and like to support that movement. But the prices have gone up a notch or two over time to the point where it's just a bit more than I feel it's worth. I will still go, but it's more of an indulgence, and will go less often. My other is that they are cash only (unless you spend over $40). Honestly, this is 2010. I strongly prefer using plastic these days...these are two really minor things though and I would still recommend this place because of their great wine selections, fantastic service, and atmosphere.
Went during happy hour.  Really cheap!  The scallops were so good!! though you only get 2 big pieces in one serving.  My friends had mac&cheese and the burger.  Looked pretty good.  I wish the tables could be a little wider....
Very clean design with lighting that is soft and warm. Most fine dining restaurants are always dimly lit, so it was a welcome change here that you can actually see your menu without holding it against the candle light. The crowd would be mid-30s and above, so this is a little oasis from rowdy college kids in the middle of Westwood Village.

The menu is printed daily and the dishes are always changing. The maple syrup short ribs are awesome. The pork is encrusted in this sweet crisp, crunchy shell. Around the short rib are pieces of apple, garlic cloves, mushrooms with all the flavors of maple syrup cooked in.

The sausage risotto had a generous serving of kale and sausage. The risotto was slightly bland, and I wish it had more sausage flavors in the rice.

The staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Don't be intimidated by the wine list - just ask your waiter and s/he can recommend something on the list for your dish. You can taste it before you get a glass.

Good luck finding street parking in Westwood Village. Valet is $4.
Can't say enough good things about this place. We've been many times since they opened and never disappointed. Just had the pleasure of introducing my visiting family to Bacaro and they were blown away by the food and service. They get many ingredients fresh locally and you can taste how much the chefs care about their product.

Some tips from our many visits:
Try whatever seasonal pizza they have at the time, especially if it has pumpkin or corn on it.
Save room for dessert. Check the dessert menu early as sometimes you have to pre-order with dinner for items to be done in time.
Their two menu staples Pasta con Fungi and Crispy Chicken are both seemingly simple but wonderfully executed. I could eat the crispy chicken every night.
Have wine. If you're unsure, ask. Their servers all seem to know their way around the list and I've found them quite helpful when making decisions on what to order.
They have an outdoor patio in the summer that looks beautiful, although I've never eaten out there.

If you haven't been to Bacaro, you must go try it soon. You will not regret it.
Great tasting foods, really creative menu! Great service, too.  Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's worth the trip...I think we had one of just about all the little plates, and they are all excellent. Seems like a bad choice couldn't possibly be made!
Quick second round at Bacaro on Monday. 

Unlike the frighteningly loud Friday nite, this time is much chilled and cozy.  My friend and I tried the specials (lamb sliders and carpaccio), another cheese plate, the hanger steak, and 5 glasses of wine in total.
  
Although I have to agree paying extra for fruit and nuts is somewhat mysterious, it's a minor issue for me. 

The lamb specials are both great, so is the hanger steak. Both seasoned and prepared well with touches of herb flavor. Portion-wise, it's indeed towards to the "small" direction but I wasn't hungry at all when we left.

Taking price and quality into consideration, I must say Bacaro will be good on my book until I find another compatible wine bar.
This place is great.  An avowed ribeye snob, I had one of the best restaurant steaks ever here last night, a 22 oz'er bone-in job for $42.  Seems like a lot but with the apps, sides and dessert, i have leftovers that i'm pretty fired up about.  

The service was great but maybe a little over attentive - though our waitress did serve up a flight of expensive wine AND dessert, both on the house (I was there w my moms for an early mom day dinner).  

Wedge w blue cheese: great, super cold.  Onion rings: giant and uniquely tasty.  Total bill was $200 before tip for two with 2 glasses apiece of the good stuff.  Solidly recommend.
My employer (STUHO Student Housing) frequently hosts events here and I always look forward to them. I don't know much about the prices because these events are always open bar, but I do know that everything is always good. I really wish I lived in the USC area and/or had any desire to be in this area on a Sunday, because the raves about Beefsteak Sunday are really piquing my curioisty.
I have been here twice for lunch and once for happy hour (405 till 605) and am very impressed. I love their fish dishes and bread and the happy hour food is pretty sweet: try the sliders or the skewers or any of the discounted wines. Great place to go with a client or coworkers.
In terms of decor and feel to the place...it's worth checking out...however I wasn't too impressed with their food...nothing was memorable...but they have a pretty decent selection of wine~ However, if you want to order something I suggest their Bacaro burger.
Had THE absolute worst experience there a few weeks ago. Since its walking distance from my house, I would always frequent there for a glass of wine or their wine tastings on Wednesday nights. 

It all started when a picked up a couple of complimentary wine cards at Harvest Midtown. On the card it states, "Complimentary Wine at the bar Tues-Thursdays---limit to one". When I went to use it, the bartender didn't know what the heck it was. He asked his manager, and stated that this promotion didn't actually start til the next day (Wednesday), but he'll let us have a glass that night. We also invited a couple of friends to stop by and got a cheese plate to share. 

Skip to the next week when I tried to go again. I wanted to use another card again and was told that I would have to buy food to get my free glass of wine. "Ummm...ok....it doesn't say anything about that on card." I said. I went ahead a tried to order a cheese plate and the manager stated that we had to buy actual dinner (appetizer, entree, and dessert) to get the free wine. Can you say false advertising!?! 

I will not go to Eno ever again. The manager was rude and condescending. I do still love Eli......even though his manager is a douche.
After a great experience at Fleming's in Las Vegas, I decided to arrange a business dinner here - with not so great results.

I had originally booked a table for 5, then called to increase it to 8.  When we arrived at our designated 6:30PM reservation, the place was empty, and yet we were kept waiting by the host stand (for a reason I've yet to understand) for 10 minutes.  The host then escorted the 7 of us who had been standing by his station for the last 10 minutes, to a table for 5.  Hello?  They asked us to go back and wait in the bar until they re-set it for a table of 8.  

So the nibblies they set out are yummy enough:  celery sticks, radishes, and toasted baguette slices with an olive tapenade and white cheddar dip.  But 20 minutes after they took our orders, the waiter came back to tell my colleague they were out of veal chops.  20 minutes after we had ordered!  

Our salads arrived an hour and 10 minutes after we were seated, and although my Petite Filet Mignon was excellent, we were all thoroughly exhausted after the unevenly paced meal. and we also ended up ordering/drinking too much wine (and therefore paying too much) given the excruciatingly sloooooooooooooow service.

For the prices you pay here, they need to step up the service.  Give me Harris Steakhouse in the City any day.
I've been to Bacaro several times including last night for a work dinner.  Every time I eat here I walk away thinking "wow, this is as good as food gets!"  LOVE it!!!
For the two times I've been to Eno, it was strictly for the wine tasting events they have every Wednesday from 6-8pm. For only $10, which is a steal compared to other tastings, you get to sample 8-10 wines, as well as a few free, delicious tapas, which they replenish quickly when it runs out. 
The crowd doesn't get very big, which I like because it's easy to get friendly with fellow tasters. I love its location right on Peachtree. I guess during the summer, they take the tasting outside on their patio, where you can people- and dog-watch. 
You can find me at future tastings here at Eno. It's quite addicting.
I work in town and have just started going here for lunch. Although it is pretty crowded during the lunch rush, it's perfect for a late 2:00 lunch. I'm hooked on the Pizzettas, especially the one with Arugula & Prosciutto. I would highly recommend them if you want great food at a reasonable price.
This place definitely caters to the older crowd, from observation and decor of the restaurant, versus Palomino.  Their selection of happy hour food items are not as memorable as that of Palomino: most of the items that seemed half appetizing were almost all fried.  Not to say that Palomino is the happy hour place to go around the westwood area, but if you want a more vivacious environment, find somewhere else to hang out.
Full disclosure: My wife and I had our first date here. Nostalgic bias aside, we still love this place. The food is consistently very good and we love the fact that they use locally sourced ingredients and offer seasonal dishes. Long waits are common, but we simply avoid peak dining hours. Ask to be seated in the back if possible. If you happen to go for lunch and the calzone special is on the menu that day, get it. It's the best calzone I've ever had.
I really like Fleming's. I absolutely LOVE this Fleming's.

In my experience, this location is spot on all the time, everytime. I've gone here for family dinners, dates, dinners with girlfriends, and I've always had a memorable experience. The most memorable was when my boyfriend got back from his most recent deployment and was craving a steak. The place we initially planned on going to flubbed up our reservations and couldn't seat us, so I called Fleming's Palo Alto, stressed to high hell, trying to get my man his first decent meal in the past six months or so. It was late (around 10pm) and I wasn't sure if we would be able to be squeezed in. After calling the hostess and explaining the situation she encouraged us to come and she'd have a table waiting.

We were sat immediately, and within two minutes the restaurant manager came and introduced himself, thanked my man for his service and brought us a round of drinks on the house. Now if you've read my other reviews you know I'm a pretty big booze fan, and FREE booze? You've got me :) Seriously though, I thought it was incredibly thoughtful that the manager went out of his way to do that for us and acknowledge my boyfriend's service. Many, many thanks!

Our server was phenomenal. I'm drawing a blank to his name (Robert...maybe?) and that bums me out because I would tell each and everyone of you to sit in his section. I've been a server in the past, and he really pulled out all stops. He was fabulous, our meal was fabulous, and Fleming's PA was and is fabulous. I'm sad I no longer live in the area or else I'd dine there more often.

Seriously, if you're looking for a nice dinner, Fleming's is a place where your money will be well spent!
I would say that Fleming's is usually a four star place, but at it's best can be five stars. In the order of the upscale steakhouse chains here is how my preference are laid out: At the top I have Morton's, Fleming's, Donovan's, and bringing up the rear is Ruth's Chris. First off no, I do not hate Ruth's, I simply find that they are the most inconsistent of the steakhouse chains. At any rate, although Fleming's is not my top choice it is still damn good. I have yet to have a bad meal at a Flemings whether it be in Boston or California.

Let's talk about what people really want to know about, the steak. Some previous reviewers have said that they found their steak tough or chewy. I think they either ordered it overcooked or just had bad luck and decided not to send it back. When you're paying a lot of money for food, do not be afraid to send something back. Sending food back is definitely preferable to moaning and writing a scathing Yelp review. Sorry I got caught up in that; my steak was like butter. I ordered the New York steak, rare, and it came out perfectly cooked. My date for the night ordered the filet and she said that she enjoyed it very much. Accompanying the meal was a bottle of wine I brought from home, Cade's Napa Cuvee. Now I fully expected to pay corkage, but to my surprise when the check came there was none listed. According to my waitress, who was awesomely named Disney, Fleming's has dropped their corkage fee which I think is awesome.

Now let's talk about Disney. As far as service was concerned she was a great waitress. I never felt rushed and we were frequently checked upon (not annoyingly so) to make sure that we had everything we needed. All in all she did a great job. 

Now the one gripe I have with Fleming's is the price. Comparable to other upscale restaurants in the area Fleming's does seem a little pricey. One thing about steakhouses is that I generally have to be in the mood for them, not because I do not like steak, but because I know that I can cook a steak just as well at home using the same grade of beef or higher for half the cost. Still if the mood strikes I will go to Fleming's any day. Besides, I do not have peppercorn  sauce at home and that stuff is delicious.

TLDNR version: Good steaks, good service, no corkage, but high prices comparable to other high-end restaurants. If price is a problem they have a great happy hour!
I have been here for lunch twice already. The first time I went, I had the vegetable sandwich with fries on the side. The serving size was big for a slightly nicer restaurant, but it was difficult to eat because the vegetables kept falling out of the sandwich. The fries were good, but slightly bland. They had an appetizer plate, but I wouldn't recommend it because there were a lot of things that my table didn't eat. 

The crowd during lunch is usually business men and women on their lunch breaks. The space is nice and big with high ceilings, and a lot of natural light. 

My biggest problem is that the service is extremely slow.
I went to this Cafe last year and all I can say is the Hour long wait well worth it! I went to have a serious conversation with my now ex boyfriend. it was hard to have this conversation because its soooo loud and congested. That was my only issues with this place its sooo small.

But lets talk about the food! I had the Conchiglie Balsamico natural chicken, asparagus, balsamic reduction, cream  for $16.00. And OMG I loved it! Now I never finish meals but I ate half at Teresa's and brought the half home! And it was good reheated! YUM!

It  was a weird dynamic because we were the only black couple in the whole place but nonetheless I would go back!
Holding prime outdoor seating in the summer, and offering hot cider in winter, Shay's is one of the best spots in Harvard Sq. The staff are excellent- one of the waitresses is the friendliest around. Good beer selection, and fairly priced wines. The food is some of the best bar food in the square.
The wait was finally over for happy hour here. The place was not packed for Thanksgiving Eve. I think people were trying to get out of town or getting ready for Thanksgiving. I ordered the pan seared scallops and the burger. I sampled the beet salad and it was really good. They had different types of beets and they were really fresh. It was tossed with goat cheese and fresh herbs. The scallops were served in a sauce and potatoes and onions. They were perfectly seasoned. I took a few bits of the open faced burger with a fried egg and it was good. We also ordered the white pizza. It was not bad. My friend had the stuffed eggplant with lamb and that was tasty also. The lamb didn't have the gamey taste to it. Mmm dessert was really good. My friend ordered the pumpkin bread pudding with pumpkin ice cream. I will definitely come back here since i sill have my groupon to spend.
Happy Hour Review Only:

Beef Carpaccio= delicious
BBQ Shrimp=  nothing special...i have a habit of comparing any New orleans bbq shrimp dish with Mr. B's in NO...there's never a comparison
Burger= pretty good for $6

Drinks were standard.  Service was a bit slow.
Good wine selection + delicious tapas = winner.

I came here with one of my professors and we were pleasantly surprised to find this gem in an... unlikely neighborhood. The server was laid back and described the wines well. Most sommeliers talk like assholes, but this guy was cool. He let us try a couple, and we eventually picked a bottle. The tapas were consistently tasty and paired well with our wine. The ambiance was great too -- I liked the chalk writing and use of bottles for decor. Definitely a good place to hang out and catch up.

Tips: Located on a triangle intersection.
One of my top choices for fine dining. Generous portions and great wine selection. (Try the Paul Dolan Pinot) Good for romantic occasions.
Like most of the restaurants in Carrboro, the food is way overpriced. But having drinks outside is kind of nice and it's definitely an older more sophisticated environment if that's what you're in the mood for.

One of the few places in town with a good wait staff.
Fucking score!! (can we curse on yelp?) This place has been reviewed upwards of almost 400 times and it still maintains an almost perfect rating. I have no intention of rocking the boat. 

I don't even really know where it is, somewhere in south LA. I drove an incredibly long way and my navigation system assured me it was "on the left" and then when I didn't find it and had to make a U-ey, it assured me it was "on the right". I could not find it, rather I saw a weird corner store and laundry mat. No bother, this tends to happen in LA, a gem buried amongst run o' the mill stuff. I finally just ditched the car and found it on foot. Thank god because I was thirsty for delicious wine!! and my friend was starving for some small plates!

nitty gritty: ambiance...so great. It's not typical of most of the places I go in LA but maybe that's because my lame ass friends won't go to the right neighborhoods with me enough (I live in weho). It's sparse, industrial with concrete floors and long wooden tables lining the wall. Oh and it's itty bitty, which results in a very communal kind of vibe (the chic that was sitting next to me showed her date her bra so me and my friend got to partake in the bizarre show). Chalk board menus adorn the walls which is always a win.

Service comes with a smile and buttoned-up plaid shirts, (ie. lots of indie hotties running around with plates of food and bottles of wine.)

The booze: DELISH Had I not been driving and had I not lived essentially another state away, I would've indulged more. As it were, I had a few of the whites (while I adore reds, they go straight to my head) and they were new to me, eclectic and not easily obtained at any ol' restaurant or wine shop. 

The food: Who the hell is Noa and how does he make cauliflower so good?? I didn't even want food until the plates kept arriving. Bruchette, Noa's cauliflower and petite fillet, all so flavorful and pleasing to the taste buds. 

love love love.
Love. This. Place!

We took my 80+ year old grandparents here on a double date - their first wine bar experience. We'd purchased the Groupon, which we put towards a cheese board and another snack (can't remember the specifics; do remember that it was delicious). We went for Sunday school and all really enjoyed the featured wine. My grandparents were tickled by the whole experience, and my grandmother had to take her time standing up after the wine.

The cheese pairings are outstanding. The wines are delicious. The servers are friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive without being obsequious. The setting is cozy and elegant.

In short, I'd like to move in, please.
If there was a book of ten restaurant commandments one of them would be: Hasty service shalt never earn thee 5 stars. 

My bone-in filet special was cooked to medium-rare satisfaction, but was nothing close to exceptional. I would have rated Flemings close to 4 stars based on my steak and a delightful side of lobster mac n' cheese. However, I could not fathom why an ample number of staff, albeit a full house, would pour my glass of wine so hastily. Perhaps it was the fact that my dinner-mate and I were younger than the usual demographic without accompaniment by older individuals that we did not get the light of day. Despite that, since when was the idea of retaining consumer loyalty lost at a reputable establishment? In a blink of an eye, I found contents of wine in my glass with no trace of whoever poured it. The phantom waiter left but only a gust of wind and an enigma which left me befuddled about whether my wine was what I had indeed ordered. I would have appreciated at least even a 5 second acknowledgement of how my patronage is important by being announcing my order.
Warning: restaurant does not take reservations and only does "call ahead" seating up to one hour prior. I choose to do the call ahead in hopes that I wouldn't have to wait the standard one hour + that it has on sat night. It did not work. I had to stand at the entrance for 45 minutes while waiting for a table for 2 to open up. (keeping in mind I called an hour prior). People that just walked in and asked for a table were only quoted a few minutes above ours which left a sour taste in my mouth. What looked like managers that stood in the entrance way did nothing to comfort the now upset faces that not only I was having. 

Teresa cafe: either accept reservations or cancel your call ahead program as it does not give any benefit other than giving waiting customers more hope then they should have.

3.5-4 stars for food. Or else this place would have 1 star
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday.  The service was very good.  I also like that they have a large selection of wine by the glass.  I ordered the filet mignon and my boyfriend ordered the lamb chops.  We also ordered blue cheese mashed potatoes and asparagus as sides.  The mashed potatoes were very good, but I probably wouldn't get the asparagus again.  Overall, our dinners were very good.  The waiter also gave me a free dessert and a box of truffles for my birthday.  I had the cheesecake with blueberries and white chocolate...excellent!  

ps...get the gift cards at Costco....$80 for $100 gift card!
What an awesome little place! 

Hung out here with girlfriends tonight and we had such a great time! :D
The Burger, Scallops and Crostini were all a must-trys!

Normally, I am a love to taste but can't finish a glass type of wine drinker but tonight, I actually finished my glass of red wine for the first time!!! Kudos to myself :D Must be the right food, right atmosphere and right company.

Would love to return! the owners are your waiters and they seem really cool and friendly

o yeah.. this is another instance where I parked on the street two blocks away feeling lucky that I found a spot when in fact they have their own parking in the back  -___-
Service was great, and the food was good. The bread at the beginning was okay. For the price, I felt that I should have been a little more impressed by the main entree. it wasn't a bad experience overall. I would definitely return to try a new dish.
the seating isn't all that comfortable, the Chimay and wine kind of short, BUT it IS Chimay on tap, and the wine menu is extensive, and the scallop tapas dish we had was delectable, and the staff was very cordial, and it's only 10 min from Silverlake.  Looking forward to going back for more.
Bacaro L.A is a fantastic wine bar located near USC in south LA. The first thing that you need to know about this place is that it is TINY and if you don't have a reservation, you should brace yourself and be prepared for a wait. The second thing that you need to know before you come here is that because of it being a very small space, it can get INCREDIBLY LOUD! I couldn't even hear myself think, and at one point during our 30 minute wait on a Monday night, I almost packed up and left. HOWEVER, I did have a Groupon that I needed to use, and I was super famished, which made me tough it out. I am SO SO SO glad that I did, because our meals were absolutely delicious and made the wait, the noise, and the slight discomfort definitely worth it. 

Bacaro boasts a pretty decent wine list featuring wines from all over the world. They've got about a dozen beers, but it seems as though many of those get snatched up pretty soon, so don't always count on them having them when you visit. I had a great medium-bodied red from Hungary as well as a very interesting refosco from Slovenia; a country that I had no idea made wine in the first place! It should be of note that despite the absolute chaos, everyone that works here is awesome. Kandis took good care of us and made sure to keep us up to date on where we were on the list, and our server Johnny was (in all chaotic glory) a totally awesome dude. 

The order: Pan-seared scallops with carrot puree- AMAZING. Some of the best scallops I have had in this city. Perfectly tender with great carmelization from a perfect sear. The carrot puree was perfect and the scallops came out piping hot. My only gripe is that at $8/order, I kind of wanted them to either be slightly bigger in size or at least come with 3 or 4 scallops instead of 2. We ended up ordering two of these throughout the meal.

Grilled petite fillet: Perfectly cooked! I ordered it medium and it came out perfectly medium. Pink right in the middle, but perfectly seared and medium-well towards the outside. Juicy, tender, and adequately seasoned. The thyme was fresh and the lemon wasn't even necessary. 

Bacaro Burger: an open-faced burger with all sorts of goodies, hollandaise sauce, and a fried egg. The boyfriend loved it! A very manly and messy burger. 

Grilled White Pizza: So gooey and delicious! This white pizza came out bubbling with perfect cheese, scallions, bacon, and a decadent bechamel sauce. A must try, and a good way to start off your meal. 

Bread Pudding: SINFULLY DELICIOUS. Next to Eva's bread pudding, this might be one of my favorites in LA. 

Strawberry-Nutella Panino: Tasty, but a tad on the dry side. It's what you'd expect from a panino filled with these things, but I could have used a double dose of the bread pudding instead. 

Service was spot-on, parking is manageable (street), prices for wine and beer are fair, but some of their small plates could either be of better value or a little less expensive, but the quality of food is great. Nice, friendly people, who obviously love what they do. And it shows!
super dope place. all the food we had was delicious...the pastrami panini with gruyere cheese and carmalized onions was crazy good. was really surprised how much i dug the nutella and banana panini. a group of 5 chics and no complaints at all!! the only bummer was that we wanted to try the bread pudding but they had run out. next time for sure!!!
this place has very very very good wine if you like fruity wine with a bit of body (i know, hard to imagine, but just try). it also has very good beer too (the beligum one on tap) the food is tasty, but a bit small portioned. 

its a good happy hour place, with some interesting people to say the least. the collective is a bit hipster, and maybe rockstar bums? i dont know how to describe them, maybe the panhandlers of pandora? (the radio not the planet)

but the waiter was cool, even when he screwed up and brought the wrong class (with bright red lipstick when our table had no one wearing such) being i could say naively genuinely apologetic.

overall, its  a bit pricey, and i didn't get to try everything, but from the little things i sampled, plus the booze, it was a great experience, and pretty close to USC.
It does not get better than a perfectly cooked and seasoned ribeye, a side of creamed corn, and a Heineken. Enough said.
Came here last night with some friends that generously bought us dinner. Went through 3 bottles amongst 3.5 of us (one is pregnant so she only had a couple sips) and had almost everything on the menu. Eating out with more people especially tapas is so much better so you can get a taste of everything. We all got to pick 3 dishes each and added a cheese platter on top of that. This was more than enough food.
Some memorable dishes were:
-Scallops with a creamy corn mixture. This was my favorite although I didnt taste any scallops.
-Beet salad with crumbled goat cheese and shredded basil leaves. Yummy but it nothing out of the ordinary.
-Polenta squares with eggplant puree. This was a favorite for 2 of us however I found it a little too salty.
-Grilled artichokes with lemony sauce. Simple and good.
-2 kinds of Bruschetta topped with white bean and the other with a roasted garlic. The garlic was really good and the oils from it moistened the bread beneath and was perfect. After eating this, I felt that my breath was a little offensive but since everyone ate it I was okay.
-3 crostinis. My favorite was the fig, cheese and honey. We also had the sun dried tomato puree and the tuna something.
-Hangar steak. Im not usually a big meat person but this was actually really good. They came in little cute bite size pieces.
-Panini filled with carmelized mushrooms, gruyere cheese and tomatoes. I ate it when it was cold so the cheese already hardened but it was still good.
-Burger which I did not eat but it looked really good.
-3 cheeses (goat, pecorino and blue) we added dried figs and sage honey. Honey and cheese is so freakin good! 

The place is small and cute. I really enjoyed everything about this restaurant. There was not one dissapointing dish. AOC use to be my favorite tapas restaurant but I now bacaro is.
I enjoyed Flemings.  Whilst not as impressed by my fellow yelpers, I found the steak solid, the service agreeable, and the cocktail's healthy.    My favorite aspects of the menu were very yummy bread, creamed spinach and lots and lots of wine choices by the glass.  The dinner started with an interesting antipasti offering: olive tapenade and cheese spread with crostini, celery and radishes.  I like the fact that the restaurant is offering something a little diffferent but I found the selections a little bit random and not complimentary to a steak house menu.   The steaks are served a 'la carte (a' la Ruth Chris) and there are a number of tasty accompaniments you can choose at about $8 a pop.  

The decor was wanna-be city chic but kinda missed the mark by trying to employ too much:  open kitchen, steakhouse warmth, modern-ish fixtures.
Let me start by saying that when I hear the name Flemings, I used to smile at the thought of the Flemings in Boston and it brought back so many memories since I actually enjoyed that particular Flemings a lot. Takes me back to my college days when my dad would come into the city to meet up with me for lunch from time to time and there were a few times where we would go to Fleming's for some ribeye. 

Fast forward a few years later and it reminded me of the simpler times when my husband (fiance at the time) and I would come here for dinner because we lived 3 miles from the restaurant when we lived in La Jolla UTC. I usually opt for the surf and turf with the lobster tail.

However, this review isn't for Flemings in Boston or even the Flemings I knew of back in 2007. This is the Flemings I know of NOW in 2012. My husband and I were debating on whether or not to give this place 4 stars because yes, the food is good. The service we got the last time we were here...not so great. Our waitress disappeared for quite some time between the time we got our appetizers to the time we wanted to order our entrees. We started off at happy hour here and it wasn't that happy, I'll tell you that. 

When our drinks arrived, my husband's wine glass had lint all over it, we weren't sure if we're seeing it so clearly because it was still bright outside and the light from the balcony door was bouncing off the glass or if it was really that filthy. The dishwasher needs to use a different cloth to dry their glasses, seriously. Brushed that off. Then I picked up a knife to use it and before I can even use it, I noticed that there's a piece of food stuck to it! This knife was wrapped up with the other flatware in the napkin! (photo attached). Since our waitress was nowhere to be found, I ended up using my husband's knife and he went without one. Brushed that off too. Then when we wanted our check, our waitress made us wait 35 minutes to get it! We could have walked out without paying and she probably would not even noticed.

The rating didn't drop completely because the food is good and we felt that MAYBE the waitress sort of redeemed herself in the end for offering to take a photo of us, but not quite good enough for me to bump it up to 4 stars. 

I was rather disappointed with the service, the lint issue, and the silverware issue and for this, this may be the last time I come here. It's unfortunate, but I'll stick with Donovan's for my steaks from now on.
Sis and bro took mom, bootard, and me here one day. This review is long over due. They have a special prime rib dinner only on sundays where you get a 16 ox prime rib with choice of side, salad and dessert all for 29.99! What a steal! They had the best caesar salad ever! Not ur typical caesar salad since they use alot of anchovies and was very fishy-- just the way i love it! The sides were plentiful, enough to share with everyone at the table. The best side was the mushrooms though since it complimented well with the prime rib. Dessert was ok... i ordered the molten lava cake and sad to say no lava...tasted like a hard brownie... *sigh*. Customer service was superb- the way customer service should be... attentive attentive attentive with a smile. The place is very dark great for date night!
Went with a friend for Beefsteak night. Food was wonderful-all you can eat steak, fries and onion rings plus unlimited house beer and wine for $30! Our waiter, Andy, was super chill and made sure our glasses and plates were always full. 
In short- good food, good drinks, good atmosphere. I'll definitely be back!
I had the opportunity to eat at Toast! again this year and I can say that it was even better than before. The menu was great and the Black Drum, which I had never heard of before, was excellent. I highly recommend eating at Toast! if you are in Pittsburgh and looking for somewhere to exceed your expectations.
I came to Flemings for a friend's bday dinner.  Our reservation was for 7:30 but no one wanted to leave the bar because the Giants game was on.  We ended up getting seated around 8:45.  I was really surprised that they held our table for us.

Bar:
Great happy hour and great service.  Bar tender was attentive and kept our glasses flowing.  He hooked it up since we had ordered so much for our large party.

Service:
Great service overall.  Servers were always within reach and happy to answer any questions.  We had an issue with our bill and she was more than happy to resolve it for us.  I was surprised that gratuity wasn't automatically included in the bill for a large party over 10.  I like that they give clients the liberty to write in the appropriate gratuity.  With great service like this, there was no need for the restaurant to slap down mandatory gratuity.  We were happy to tip well.

Food:
It seems most people enjoyed their steak.  I liked that they had 3 different sizes for filet mignon.  As you know, girls can't eat that much steak and the lite petite filet was a great choice.  Minus one star for the inconsistency in how the meat was cooked.  A friend asked for medium-well and the steak was clearly well done.  I asked for medium and it was closer to medium-well.  

Wine List:
The wine list was not as big as I thought it would be.  However, I liked that there were enough choices for both the big spenders and the budget conscious.  

I would recommend Fleming's to those looking for a place for date night  I wouldn't necessarily call it a special occasion type of place.
Fleming's in not only one of the best steak places in the area, they pour a fantastic Cosmo!   It is a great place to do Happy Hour and appetizers after shopping at the Stanford Shopping Center.

For dinner, I absolutely love the 22oz bone in steak ( cooked medium)- it is done to perfection and leaves your mouth watering for more!  It's also the perfect cut to share, which I have done a number of times now. The Caesar salad and sugar snap peas are the perfect addition to your steak.  For dessert, the warm peach cobbler served with vanilla ice cream is the perfect way to end your meal.  All in all Fleming's is a delicious treat!
So out of the blue, I get this $50 Gift Card in the mail - and it came from Flemings themselves.  Not sure how I got on the list, but hey thanks!  It worked, having never been in before here was our chance to check it out.  

Well...
Was not too entirely impressed, actually.

My steak was overcooked.  Sinners!  They do the Ruth's Chris thing of serving you a sizzling steak on a hot plate which annoys the crap out of me because no matter how hard I try I can never seem to receive a perfectly medium rare rib eye steak that I can eat at room temperature as God intended.  A tip - hot plate = the steak is still cooking.   Maybe I should have ordered it rare.  It was also way, way too salty.  

My wife had scallops.  Inconsistent, some were overcooked - and other were very sandy so they were not cleaned very well.

Service was so-so, took way too long (10-15 minutes) just to order drinks.  

Even if they send me another gift card I don't see a reason to come back, quite honestly.
Came with the groupon and had a great experience. Tiny and cozy with a small but delicious menu...service was also wonderful. A really young, USC crowd but fun to people watch, and easy to ignore with the right company :-)
the shrimp, burger, and eggplant were all really yummy.
The pizza crust was amazing! I never tasted anything like it.  Oh my, these two brothers, owners of the Terra Momo Restaurant Group know what they are doing with food.  My salad, the 'Barbavietorra' was wonderful: roasted beets, arugula, avocado, hazelnuts, a wedge of grapefruit with sherry vinaigrette dressing ($10), appetizer-sized. The pizza, great!!! We had the 'Perfetta' with prosciutto de parma, grana padana (similar to parmesan cheese), arugula, fontina, lemon zest and organic extra virgin oilve oil.  The flavors were unique and really delicious.

I would love to go back to Princeton, stay at the Nassau Inn across from Theresa's and try everything on the menu.  It is very, very good. 
They also own the Witherspoon Bakery and the Mediterra Restaurant, both around the corner. Some reviewers have cut off a star or two because the restaurant does not have a waiting area and gets crowded. Go off hours and enjoy yourselves.
My first experience at Fleming's was at our office holiday party last month (we had the whole restaurant to ourselves!). The food and staff were superb; everyone was so accomodating to us. At first I thought it was because they had just opened, but I had gone back for dinner and the service was still very pleasant. The chef even came out to apologize for not serving the fried brie that we had at the holday party (uuggghhhh to die for!), but he did say tthat he would be more than happy to do a special order if we called it in advance. SO COOL!  Everything I've eaten here was good... and their attention to detail, like the butter is in the shape of their logo and the waiter folding napkins when someone is away from the table - makes your visit all worth while.

My favorite is the lobster tempura and loaded baked potato. 

I don't think they're open for lunch.
FYI: the scallops have been taken off the menu since April. sad times :(

Foolishly, I did not come during happy hour. The menu says items are $8 each, 3 for $21. So I ordered 6 items thinking that the latter 3 would also be $21. This is not the case. Be weary that all items after the initial 3 will be the original price of $8.

I tried the following: bacaro burger with fried egg, clams, mac & cheese, hangar steak w asparagus, bacon & brie pizza, polenta topped with eggplant salad, and the nutella panini with both strawberries and banana. Oh, and the sangria. 

I definitely recommend the clams (my table's favorite), the burger, the mac & cheese (topped with panko, very yummy), and the bacon & brie pizza (unexpectedly quite spicy). The decision on the polenta was split. I personally did not like it while my friend ate every single bite. The eggplant salad on top of it was EXTREMELY salty, so be weary to scrape a lot of it off when you take a bite. The hangar steak was whatever, nothing spectacular. And I did not like the nutella panini at all. I was actually the one to urge the rest of my table to get it -- who would've guessed that anything with nutella in it could fail? The panini was just too dry and sadly, did not go well with the nutella. It was quite an ordinary dessert, if not subpar.

The sangria.... Let me just start with the fact that I am a beer drinker and I do not like wine. To me, sangria is like a grapier, slightly less bitter wine. However, the sangria here was actually quite good and I think sangria connoiseurs will thoroughly enjoy it.

However, if it comes down to USC's Bacaro vs. UCLA's Palomino, I would say Palomino wins ;)
DineLA Week! "Napa Valley" is akin to Northern California Utopia. Dress up like a modern day Prince and Princess for this classy high-end establishment evokes Napa and California cuisine beautifully and elegantly. First-class wine menu. Three different types of Half-Shell Oysters, taste the sweet and sour oysters with cocktail sauce while it's served in an ice bucket. My main feature was one of the most succulent Pan Jus Chicken Roasts I have ever had, and the whipped potatos is a creamy classic. The other entre I tried was Lamb Ragu, a meaty pasta with dark juice pizzazz. 

In what was a rare and flattering occasion, the head chef came to our table to get our reactions and we talked food, wine and delicacies. Many laughs and smiles. Save "Napa Valley" for a significant and classy occasion.
Went here twice for happy hour (once during the evening and once at night), and I thought it was pretty good. I wouldn't go otherwise because it's just too pricey. Love the outdoor seating - it wasn't cold because of the surrounding windows and outdoor heating, and there's a nice TV to watch the game on too. Definitely get the calamari and french fries - they are the best bet for your money. Good to go to when Palomino's is full of people. Definitely not as loud or crowded as Palomino's - draws more of an older, quieter crowd but you can still get your alcohol fix.
Food was delicious.  We made reservations online and told them it was a special celebration.  They gave us a gift to take home at the end of dinner.  Super friendly staff at the bar and in the dinning area, we had a great time!
Great seafood pasta. Wonderful salad and nice wine selection at good prices.
I love Bacaro and have been coming here for years! Their wine and food is excellent, and the servers are all super knowledgable and helpful if you're not sure what to get. If you go, definitely buy the 3 plates for $21 deal - the portion sizes are perfect for sharing. 

My favorite night to go is on a Monday when their glasses are half off -- otherwise it can get a little bit pricey. But their pitchers of sangria for, I think, $18 are a great deal and delicious. On the first Sunday of every month they have unlimited all you can eat steak and wine, but you do have to make your reservations in advance. I made a reservation and went with a group for my birthday last year and we had an amazing time. Every so often they also clear out the space for dancing and have Cork n Wax nights which are extremely popular - I went two or three times last semester.

On their most popular nights it can get a little packed but they recently opened up a new addition and now they practically have twice the space! By far the best wine bar in the area.
Fantastic steak but possibly the worst "restaurant" experience I've ever had in the Bay Area.  

Stunningly poorly trained hostesses who did not show any empathy or care about the excessively long waits, management on the floor seem oblivious to the wait times as well and made a phony visit to the table just as they dropped the steaks asking how great everything was.  Not good to have my steak cooling on the plate and the manager ignoring the obvious problems.

Even with a 7:15 reservation we waited 42 more minutes to get seated on a Thursday night.  No apologies or explanation.

The bar tender isn't just bad but actively bad.  You know the type: refuses to make eye contact, doesn't walk the bar, serves people randomly from one small area and without any pretense of rushing regardless how busy/big the crowd gets.  Make eye contact!  I don't mind waiting if I know I'm going to get served but ignoring me then serving the guy off to my right that just walked up while I waited for the last ten minutes is fracking annoying.

The steak tastes great but I don't think my bone in NY was really 22 ounces.  I left hungry.  Expensive too for the cut IMHO.  Izzy's and Sundance both as good and far better experience and prices.  Wine selection impressive but not well integrated into the menu.  With all those options I would expect more recommendations tied to the food. 

The calamari was under cooked and soaked in sauce making it squishy and without crunch: a complete disappointment.

Dessert menu is boring.  Beer selection poor. 

Our waiter was great, tipped him well in spite of the disaster of the evening.  Who ever is training the chef who grills the steaks should train the rest of the staff; that was the only part of the night worth remembering.
The 4 of us all had the Sunday night prime rib special.  The sides were big enough to share.  I recommend each getting a different one so you can try them all.  Great deal.  Fine service.  We would go back.
Teresa's is one of my favorite places to eat in Princeton.  They have delicious pizza's, good pasta specials, and a good wine selection.  The wait staff are ok.  I prefer to sit at the bar.  It can get pretty busy, but they normally overestimate the wait time, so you will be pleasantly surprised.  The food is reasonably priced, but wine is ~$10 a glass, so it can get pricey pretty quickly.  There kitchen is open relatively late for princeton ( I think 11pm).  

My recommendations: the perfetta pizza, the salmon, anything with spicy sausage.  

I like the bread pudding dessert, but the nuttella pizza is not at all my style, and their tiramisu is just ok.  I would skip dessert and go to the bent spoon.
Being an SC student, I'm constantly looking for ways (and excuses) to get off-campus. Don't get me wrong, USC is great and I love every minute I spend here, but sometimes, you've just got to escape and retreat to (one of) your happy place(s) - the farther away, the better. I used to relish in sitting down at a restaurant far, far away from the hub of campus life, from the Row and from all of my classroom buildings, just to enjoy a glass of wine and unwind from my life within the Trojan bubble. Imagine my delight when I discovered that I could have the best of both worlds - this same feeling of escapism, without the hefty toll on my gas tank and wallet. That day, that was when I discovered Bacaro LA.

A stone's throw away from my cozy home north of the USC campus, Bacaro LA is truly in a class by itself, especially considering the (depressing) caliber of restaurants and establishments that surround it. This place is truly a breath of fresh air for foodies like me who prefer to savor a Thursday night by sharing a bottle of wine and delicately-crafted, Venetian-inspired small plates with a close friend or loved one, rather than sipping on mysterious "jungle juice," choking down shots of nameless liquor and ending my night with a tummy full of Jack in the Box "tacos" (apparently, no meat in these "meaty" tacos...). The first time I ever stepped foot inside Bacaro, the co-owner Daniel greeted us warmly and encouraged us to ask questions and explore his impressively cultivated menu that pulls from local artisans like BREADBAR (my personal favorite for all things bread), sustainable farmers and authentic, indigenous wines. While Bacaro is committed to using local ingredients, I really appreciate the philosophy behind their decision; using organic and sustainable products as often as possible, but particularly when the ingredients are the stars of the cichetti (tapas), the minds behind Bacaro strike the perfect balance between environmental consciousness and the reality of attempting to run an all-organic restaurant from the ground up.

One of the many great things about Bacaro is its versatility. I can take anyone here - my boyfriend, my parents, my best girlfriends - and have completely different, yet incredibly enjoyable experiences that leave my guests wondering, "Why haven't I come here before now?" and before you know it, they, too, instantly begin to formulate their own lists of companions to bring along on their next visit to Bacaro's small, dark and intimate setting. With no more than ten tables, Bacaro's ambiance softly whispers of sophistication that is neither stiff nor overly-serious. Rather, Bacaro fosters quality conversation, along with delighted outbursts at every first taste of the next tapas to come out of the back kitchen and always, always, the request for more little dishes than simply the three you ordered when you first sat down. Among my (numerous) favorites are: the crispy polenta squares with roasted market eggplant: the roasted rainbow beets with chevre and tarragon: the Gorgonzola, date, walnut, and orange honey-draped crostini; the hot artichokes with Parmigiano Reggiano; the pan-seared scallops with melted winter leeks and spicy crostini; and the very sinfully delicious nutella panino with strawberries. WHEW. If you think that sounds amazing, just wait until you cast your fascinated foodie-eyes on the sprawling wine list scrawled out in chalk on the far right blackboard of a wall. Along with tantalizing your tummy with advertisements of $1 nibbles like almonds, figs and apples, an assortment of fine cheeses, and baskets of tender, crisp slices of BREADBAR bounty, you'll find an impressive compromise between offerings by the glass and libations by the bottle from all around the world. Bacaro's special focus on Old World wines is a refreshing departure from the blase trendiness of Australian and New Zealand wines, and the friendly wine experts are more than heplful in helping you pinpoint what exactly you are hankering to enjoy with your over-indulgence in their sensational small plates.

But, don't just take my word for it. Give Bacaro a try soon (actually, now), and you'll be pleasantly surprised at your amazing dining and drinking experience at this dimly-lit, street-side wine bar. The more I go to Bacaro, the more often I go back, and naturally, the more people I introduce to Bacaro's refreshing, alternative offering on a Thursday or Friday night at a university known for its extremely localized night life. Each time I end my night at Bacaro, I promise them that I'll be back soon, and soon enough, there I am again, asking for wine recommendations and greedily eying every cichetti I cast my eyes upon. Maybe I've come with a new friend, maybe I've come looking for red wine instead of white, but one thing about my experience at Bacaro LA always remains the same: before I've even left, I've already decided that I'm returning soon, very soon.
Made in impromptu decision for a steak last night and went to Flemings.  Glad we did.  Everything from the initial greeting to the dessert was fantastic.  Had the porcini rubbed filet mignon, and if I've had a better steak, I can't remember when.  We mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary, and got a few candles on the dessert and greeting from the chef.  Very very nice time, and highest recommendations.
Love, love their happy hour.  It does get very busy but I typically go there on Sundays.  Their Roasted Mushroom Ravioli is very yummy and I always order their Wicked Cajun Barbeque Shrimp, it's very flavorful and not spicy and of course their Cheese Burger you can't go wrong ordering.  During the peak time it does get very crowded and the bar tenders can become very busy but they are very personable.
BF and I went here the Sunday before V-Day. We had reservations and they seated us promptly in a nice booth. We had the V-Day dinner special.The Fleming salad was delicious, the fllet was perfectly cooked and came with mashed potatoes and shrimp stuffed with crab. Our waitress was very attentive at first but then she never checked in on us until it was check time eventhough I did see her at her other tables. It wasn't enough to distract from a nice dining experience. When someone comes and scrapes the crumbs off your table you know you're at a nice restaurant. Love that.
Great cocktails! They try to do new spins on old classics and the one I had (St. Germaine, white wine, gin, and basil) was great! Had the gnocchi which I loved. 

The bread is amazing!

My only wish would be a better wine list.
Exceptional steaks and food/exceptional, knowledgeable, personable, friendly staff led by an exceptional Operating Partner, Casey Eades, who really cares about his patrons!! (Fantastic 5PM to 7PM Happy Hour Menu!)

I have had the pleasure of dining at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse countless times in the past several months, and I must say that from my very first encounter with the restaurant, they have always made every effort to insure a wonderful experience! Although my initial visits were for dinner, I have since more frequently visited Fleming's for what I like to claim may be the very best burger I have ever enjoyed! At the Happy Hour pricing of a mere $6, you receive a splendidly prepared burger with cheese, bacon, fries and/or onion rings, but prepared to pack at least some of it for home! They offer delicious, freshly baked mini-cheese bread loafs that I often enjoy several days after (if I have not returned to replenish the supply in the interim).

I have also had the privilege of being invited to an afternoon wine tasting event that featured, in addition to some particular regional California wines, a fine sampling of exquisite Fleming's appetizers. 

Fleming's is always on my "short list" for special evening dates, and they do offer frequent dining specials for those with the inclination to sign up with their email list (tasteful, infrequent, and unobtrusive) which I recommend without reservation!

Casey Eades, Operating Partner, is a great asset, and he manages a wonderful restaurant with care. His attitude pervades the entire restaurant staff, and he is supported by Elizabeth (assistant manager?), and the rest of a great staff including Brooke (server in the bar area), Stephen (server in the main dining area), and Nadine and Stephanie (most pleasant receptionists at the front desk). 

It appears that my opinion is reflected by many others here, but I still felt compelled to share! (I have noticed that some superlative "5 Star" comments and reviews are accompanied by only 4 Star ratings, so keep that in mind if you are swayed by mere numbers...)
This is where women convene after seeing Magic Mike down the street. Do your remember those old commercials by alleged millionaire Don Lapre talking about taking out *tiny* classified ads from his *tiny* 1 bedroom apartment?

Yep this is it. Except in rectangle form. The writing's on the wall, literally, with what you want. The beer selection leaves much to be desired, and for God sake's man, give me a BEER MUG instead of a glass for my "beer."

If there was ever a knee jerk reaction to punch a server in the throat, it was one of those times. Anyway, the size of the tapa selection would make a bulimic girl tremble, so don't bother working up on appitite, or even a craving for drinks. My suggestion is that unless you've been coerced by your fellow USC trojans (or trying to impress a Helen of Troy), are a woman, or a displaced Silver Lake hipster, make a break for it to Pete's Burgers or hell even  the 23rd street cafe.

Oh, and small people should not use their restroom. Their handle is just a tad high and you might get stuck in there ala fridge trap.
very rich, intense food.  don't think i had anything "light", maybe it's what we ordered so you might want to try to mix it up or else you could come out very satisfied but heavy feeling from all the rich food.  not that that's BAD, just if i had to do it again i'd try more variety maybe?  that said, this place is *awesome* - all then notes are right = service, atmosphere, food, & price. a total treat in an unusual location.  you're a fool to not drop by & try it!
It's all about the special meal menus here this visit. We came with reward cards from our visit in December and were happily surprised to be in for more savings.

Cost to worth it ratio: 3 for regular menu, 4 for special set menu items 

Eve award: best quality prime rib dinner deal ($35 for salad, steak, side, and dessert--but only on Sundays)

Highlights:
- Economy friendly offerings: they had 3 meal deals tonight consisting of salad, entre, side, and dessert. Besides the prime rib there was a choice of chicken, salmon, or sliced hanger steak for $35 as well as a 6 oz filet and scampi for $45. Just that size steak and 1 side in small portion menu was almost $30. Granted maybe usually you might not get all of those items, but like the Victoria's Secret buy 3 for $20 or 2 for 18 deals, it's kind of hard not to do it. I thought the salad or side size would be smaller, but it wasn't--you get the whole shebang. And with the prime rib dinner you can even get the chocolate  lava cake--yum!
- Scampi: it's a steak place so I wasn't expecting much for this menu add-on but the shrimp were fabulous! I couldn't stop talking about them: 4 huge, plump, perfectly cooked shrimp on top of a buttery sauce with a tomato influence. Flemings, you need to add this to your permanent menu.
- Steaks: cooked and seasoned well--not always a given
- Crostini: crisp and delicious especially paired with the spreads. I think I ate too many--I couldn't help myself. :-o
- Flemings potatoes: still the best side with the slightly browner layer of cheese and the mild jalapeo punch.
- Wines by the glass: remains part of the distinguishing factor that draws me here vs other like restaurants  

Lowlights:
- Even if you try to portion control yourself like I did, it's not gonna be a low calorie meal. 
- You have to go on Sundays if you want the prime rib.
- I like the old cheese spreads with the crostini--the butter one as good as it sounded, not so much
- I miss the beef flemington that used to be on the menu 
- They seemed a bit understaffed, as our waiter was great and at max effort literally running around to serve everyone, but we sat there for a while after our meal unattended.

Last visit a few months ago wasn't so great, so glad this visit was back up to par so we'll be back.
My "ex" brought me here for my bday, bless her heart,the service was awesome the night was akward the food was ok nothing great or out of this world, well 3 drinks later prime rib with a micro lobster tail I was left with the old  "shit I could have made this myself and had $200 left over" feeling, prices are way to high for the food you get sorry nuttin special
Cova Rice Village has its ups and downs. For one, the tapas there are great (I love anything with their lump crab meat, their pizza, oxtail, and scallops), but they are a bit pricey (anything with the crab is like $16). 

Their wine selection is relatively extensive, offering a good selection by the glass. The flights change every so often which allows you to try different reds and whites from time to time. 

The only thing is the service; it's hit or miss. Sometimes the wait staff is very helpful and attentive, and sometimes, he/she disappears for long periods of time, which can become annoyoing when you're dying to try another glass that goes perfectly with the food plate that is about to disappear with every bite! The crowd is a bit pretentious, so I feel a little out of place when I want to laugh just a little bit louder at my friend's joke. Other than that, I try to make it my own and ignore the patrons, enjoy my food, wine, and company. 

I say try it for the food and wine, but don't be surprised if your waiter/waitress isn't that great. And ignore the people. After a few drinks, they won't matter anyway. =)
I went recently to check out the happy hour menu. The slogan is "5 for $6 until 7" So from 5-7, every day including weekends, they offer 5 cocktails, 5 wines, 5 apps, each for $6. It's a pretty good deal. The happy hour is in the bar and patio outside.
I was really impressed with the portion sizes. It is the same portions as if you don't order during happy hour. I loved all the apps: the calamari, the prosciutto, the mushroom ravioli, and seared tuna. The drinks are pretty tasty too. You can see my full review with pictures here
http://kirbiecravings.com/2011/02/flemings-happy-hour-menu.html
We headed to their weekly wine tasting on Wednesday this week, and were pretty impressed with what we experienced!

$10 gets you a wine glass, and that night there were 8 wines to try. The pours are very small (read: wine *tasting*), probably enough for 3 good sips. However the selection that evening was a beautiful array of wines with a perfect variation of tastes from dry and bitter to full bodied, 4 whites and 4 reds. I could feel my level of wine snobbery increasing throughout the tasting- or was that the alcohol? Who knows. 

The wine tasting also includes free tapas, which from what we could infer, really means "we'll make something awesome out of whatever we have left over". Truly, they did make awesome plates! We had a beet something or other with an apple crisp and walnuts on top, a creamy bean thing in a spoon, salmon tartar, fried little pickles, etc. We were really impressed with the level of quality of these FREE tapas.  On top of everything else, the staff was very friendly. The bartender was happy to make small talk, and the manager was around welcoming guests. 

The only downside to our visit was that the place got crowded and very quickly! After the first taste or two, it was almost impossible to get back over to the table because so many people were around as the bar area is very narrow. Also, the free tapas were gone the second the bartender set it down - lucky for us, we were there early and had bar seats, and were able to try everything.

I could definitely see myself returning to ENO for full-service dinner or just to hang out at the bar again. Not sure I'd return for the wine tasting but $10 for 8 wines is a steal, definitely worth it for wine lovers to try.
Found this little place thanks to you other yelpers while looking for a place to chill before a show at the Shrine ( Arcade Fire)  The place was charming and a pleasant 10 minuet walk from the event. The wine selection is decent and the small plate menu has some nice offerings. We had the almonds and olives ( great) stuffed eggplant ( also very good)   
The margarita pizza( meh) was just a cheese pizza with no basil or tomato and the caprice salad (also meh) consisted of a few cherry tomatoes, small balls of fresh mozzarella and two leaves of basil. So we hit 50% with our food order. If your in the area and are in need of wine and a bite this is certainly a nice enough place to get your fix.  I'd go back again.  One last thing. The staff although very nice and attentive didn't seem to be very knowledgeable about wine. Not a big deal but odd for a wine bar.
Hand down my favorite happy hour place in Westwood. They've expanded their happy hour menu, and with well cocktails at $5 and other drinks somewhere between $6 and $8, it was a great place to socialize with friends (and wait for the flyaway bus in my case). 

Their food menu is also bomb- I *loved* their mac and cheese. We tried almost everything- from the cheese courses to the fish tacos to turkey meatballs. Some stuff even seemed too cheap not to try. We left well fed and well buzzed- the exact outcome you need from a happy hour!

I also loved the space. As with all Westwood eateries, parking can be a challenge, but if you get to NVG early-ish (we got there at 4:15), we got a table for 8 without any problem. Great wait service, a classy atmosphere- it was a great send-off to the airport.

My one complaint related to my Moscow Mule- the drink was wonderfully made at 4:30 but got increasingly lime-ier as the night went on- almost to the point where it was just a margarita. Just another incentive to get in there early!
This place is fantastic. It's a little bit difficult to find, but that's why I would call it a hidden gem. If you think it looks like a house, it's because it had transformed between house and restaurant quite a few times in the past 100 years. It's always good to have dinner in a place with some history.  As it's an old house, I heard that some of it shakes when the trains come by a few stories below - I'd call it a quirk. It was cool having dinner with a fireplace and some exposed brick. I guess it felt like I was in a homely dining room because it was actually the dining room in the house.

For dinner, I had an absolutely amazing mac and cheese with a fried egg on top, and a slow roasted farm chicken with mashed cauliflower and fresh carrots.  Chicken was moist and tender, but I really liked the slight bake they did right before serving to make the chicken skin crispy.

The wines suggested by the waiter were excellent, and I even tried the two stouts that had on menu (which made gave me that satisfied grin throughout the whole meal).  I was told the wine pairing on Tuesdays are ridiculous. I hope to try it the next time I'm in town. I wouldn't be surprised if it'd get messy with all wine mixing.
Bacaro LA is one of joints where if it wasn't for their food and drink, they'd get about 1-2 stars. But look - they were good enough for me to rate them as A-OK! I'm not a big tapas person, and this was the epitome of tapas-dining. The place is TINY and hiply decorated but definitely gave off the pretentious vibe - no need for that in the ghetto, people.

A gf and I dined here, thanks to a Living Social coupon. Being the middle of the week we definitely needed alcohol - I highly enjoyed a refreshing glass of the 2007 Slipstream Sauvignon Blanc Western Australia. We then ordered the following (complete with taste verdict):

POACHED SHRIMP (with citrus chili sauce and shaved fennel) - Yum! This dish was flavorful and tender and we got a good amount for the both of us.

BRUSCHETTE (tuscan white bean and roasted garlic/balsamic/pesto) - The tuscan white bean was better than I expected - nice and hearty and flavorful without feeling heavy. The roasted garlic bruschetta was A-MA-ZING! I wanna learn how to make this beautiful dish! I'd wanna get this for both orders next time!

OVEN ROASTED BONE MARROW (balsamic reduction, sea salt with baguette slices) - I wanted to be all Anthony Bourdain-like and have marrow. I've had it before, but not in this manner. It arrived steaming and the half of the bone I chose was still pulsating from the heat! It was kinda freaky but cool. Anyhoo, the taste wasn't anything AMAZING. Honestly I didn't even taste the balsamic. It was just pure fatty fatness. Meh.

BACON & BRIE PIZZA (with tomato sauce and jalapeo) - This was fine. I did appreciate the jalapeo not being spicy.

This was a satisfying and yummy "meal." I was happy with the dishes, but don't think I can handle the priceyness for tapas, let alone the college-vibe this literal hole-in-the-wall gives off.
My partner and I went here with his Dad and Step-Mom.  His father was born in Italy and loves real Italian food, and he got it at Bacaro.  We did a sampling of meats and cheeses that were mouthwatering and a great start to the meal.  The wine we ordered was priced reasonably and absolutely wonderful (good enough to order a second bottle).  The entrees were absolutely superb.  We ordered the Cioppino, Bolognese, a pasta dish with Brussell Sprouts and the Scallops.  They came out hot and delicious.  My partner, a self-proclaimed Bolognese, aficionado, is still raving about the dish.  His Dad asked for more bread so he could soak up every last drop of the delicious sauce from the Cioppino.  The scallops were done to perfection and the pasta was complex and wonderful.  The menu said that the Cioppino included all locally sourced seafood, including shrimp.  My father-in-law was curious about local shrimp, and when none appeared in the dish, he questioned the server, just out of curiosity and the server retreated to the kitchen.

When he returned to the table, a bit embarrassed he shared the chef forgot to add the shrimp and that he would be bringing us an apology....and shortly a gorgeous display of the most delicious hand made chocolates appeared.  We were not complaining, just curious.  The service was outstanding....if you go there ask for Andy.  He was attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly!

I will be back for sure...
I've heard about this place a year ago, and  finally went on Wednesday for Happy Hour. Man, oh, man, I wish I came sooner! This place is so freakin' amazing. The food is really fresh and the prices won't rob the bank. The herbs, so fresh!

Mondays wine, by the glass, is 1/2 off!
Happy Hour 5p-7p all plates are $5!

For two people, we ordered:

CAPRESE SALAD - "GIOIA" MOZZARELLA, TOMATOES, BASIL PESTO
The cheese was phenomenal--so soft and buttery.

ROASTED RAINBOW BEETS - WITH CHEVRE, TARRAGON
One of my favorite dishes.  The tarragon was a great touch. It really made the dish.

CROSTINI:
FRESH GOAT CHEESE, BALSAMIC ENDIVE MARMALADE
MASCARPONE, SUN-DRIED TOMATO TAPENADE
DILL GARLIC RICOTTA, ANCHOVY FILET
I loved all 3, and I can't wait to try the other options.

THE BACARO BURGER - MADE WITH ESTANCIA GRASS-FED BEEF added FRIED EGG $1
Great burger!

PAN-SEARED SCALLOPS - GARLIC PARSNIP PURE, CRISPY CAPERS & WHITE TRUFLE OIL
Scallops were PERFECTLY COOKED.  Puree was very buttery, not my thing, but my friend drank it like soup. To each their own.

STUFFED EGGPLANT - WITH GROUND LAMB and....
It was perfect.  If you like lamb and eggplant, just get it.

HOMEMADE CRANBERRY BREAD PUDDING - SERVED WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM
It's a very gooey bread pudding. Not what I expected, but so great nonetheless!

It's almost impossible to try a restaurant and absolutely LOVE everything you ordered. Everything was cooked so perfect. The ingredients were top notch.  I was blown away! I am anticipating the next time I come here so I can try the rest of the menu!
Went for a return visit, because my boyfriend wanted to give them a second chance and wow what a difference! The service was absolutely impeccable! It was seriously night and day. Got the broccoli soup and it was the best soup I've ever had, which is saying a lot because that is my all time favorite soup. I then got the tomato mozzerella salad which was great and I followed it with a filet. The filet was cooked properly and very tender. The only complaint of the entire visit is that I feel the steak was just a tad on the bland side. But other than that I truely enjoyed my visit and was happy to know that my first visit was a complete fluke food wise and maybe caught the waitress on an off day. I'd say I'd be back
Bacaro's is a humbly comfortable restaurant with enough cred to please my street-wise comfort zone yet tastefully cultured enough to appease my picky and decidedly sophisticated palate.

But my nemesis, my doppelganger, was in full regalia last night, rudely flipping me off, sight unseen, from across the room as I again met some wonderfully friendly and intelligent Yelpers for the first time. And therein lies my problem, my Yelp "dilemma"...the dichotomy of valuing Yelper "niceness" versus penning the blisteringly critical or potentially "psycho-disturbing" review against the grain.

 Like a saccharine slide to ennui, I see my bonding with Yelpers as a questionable side benefit and wonder if I'm not losing my edge. You see, in surfing, if you lose your edge, you're sucking salt water. Not a big deal as long as you know how to swim. In writing, if you lose your edge, you're penning a diary and not an article that a dozen or more reviewers will rave as avant garde, biting, or dare I say...FUC-able.

That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed the whole evening at Bacaro and kudos to Shelley W who put the event together. The wines, from the Torley to the Cannonau, were the perfect accompaniment to the mouth-watering roasted artichoke appetizers and grilled panino, Bacaro sliders and braised beef cheeks on gorgonzola polenta entrees. I even stole a cheeky piece from Carrie D while she was chatting with Steve, hehe. The owners and staff were friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating and their eatery quaint, warm and clean. I might nit-pick the parking but we parked right in front.

The dichotomy?

The Yelpers I met this night were the typically adorable, witty and caring culinary exploring muther-fuckers I've grown to love. Fuck that doppelganger.

Maybe I still have that edge. Only time will tell.
i have been a professional chef for 30 yrs; i am very picky about all aspects of the restnt dining experience. Last night we ate at bacaro for the first time and we will not be returning. The reason is that , after an expensive evening of very good food (pastas $24+,entrees $30-35) the owner chose to have a very unpleasant and rather vicious 40 minute show down with us over six dollars which we believed we were overcharged, based on our previous communications with our server.

i have never had an experience like this in all my years of dining out.  have you ever met a public business owner who just should not be interfacing with the public? well, that's what we encountered last night. With a very intentional smirk, she walked away from our final bill reckoning with the words ' I'm sorry you found out that we are NOT the right place for you.'!!  

there are too many good restaurants in Providence with very professional and welcoming maitre ds and servers (and owners) and excellent food; so we see no reason to return to bacaro. I really feel for the chef there and hope he will find another good spot to showcase his talent , with a supportive and positive boss.
3 items for $21, $5 each during happy hour on weekdays from 5-7. seriously a STEAL

My favorite tapas bar in LA. I've been here multiple times and have ordered different things each time. I've never been disappointed.. so really there's no point for me to list out everything i've tried since they're all amazing but in the off chance that you may not like something, which is highly unlikely, I don't want to be the one responsible for steering you wrong lol so here goes

-open face burger: a wonderful ground beef patty cooked to your liking; PLEASE get the fried egg for an extra dollar

-scallops: i've had two variations of this since their menu changes occasionally.
a. seared scallops with truffle oil, carrot puree. sounds kinda weird like baby food but its not weird lol
b. seared scallops with roasted corn. honestly anything with corn...you know it's good

-pork belly skewers: loaded with flavor, crisped to perfection

-bone marrow: my first time having bone marrow so i can't compare to anything but i thought it was good! good flavor, very oily but i imagine its supposed to be

-chicken with rosemary cream sauce: love the unique sauce with the tender chicken

-white truffle mac n cheese: panko crumbs give it this amazing texture. not too gooey or cheesy, simply amazing and a fairly large portion too

-salmon and capers pizza [not part of the 3/$21]: not a huge fan of crunchy crust but can't go wrong with super fresh salmon

-filet mignon: i love my red meat! 

-roasted cauliflower with chipotle aioli sauce: i don't like raw cauliflower. this was fully cooked and crispy and yummy. awesome

ummmmm yep i think that's it! enjoy!
I am not going to hate on Vinology because I have been here three times and I actually liked it each time.  I went on Mother's Day and ordered half the menu.  The food was fresh.  They had actually just changed their menu and their chef, so we got to try many new things.

Everything was satisfactory except for the steak, which was disappointing, and I am a steak lover.  It was a little tough and flavorless even though I ordered it medium rare.

The sliders are great, the dessert was delicious.  I enjoyed my wine and the limestone in the glass next to my table.  Very clean atmosphere with tin ceilings and exposed brick wall.
I don't get the appeal.  Small/crowded, not particularly nice.  Hmm, for cheap drinks, I could have people over to my apt which is much nicer.  I guess if I lived in Harvard Sq. and this place was around the corner, I'd be down, but I certainly wouldn't journey over there to chill.
I'm thinking more of a 1 star kind of place, given my specific experience.  But I may try it again so I have to give it something higher because by my own rule, I can't return to a 1-star place!

First the good:  the area.  Others have commented on the dark scary place that is by USC and DTLA, but I disagree.  By no means is it a great area, but it is good that a place such as this is in this area.  If that makes any sense...

The bad:  I agree with Bonny C that everything was way too salty.  Really.  Easy on salt, chef!

The terrible:  I got sick that night.  Felt like throwing up and just really sick in the stomach.  I wondered if others experienced the same.  I don't remember the exact date of my visit but it was in March sometime.  Maybe enough time has passed and it's only fair that I try this place again, given the great response from so many others.  I'll try different menu items.
This place is great if you enjoy this type of atmosphere. Quiet, indoor fireplace, spacious dining rooms filled with napa inspired paintings and wine racks up and down some of the walls. It's nice, eloquent, and the perfect situation for a romantic dinner with a date. 

The menu isn't particularly large but I highly suggest a soup with the harvest platter, which is really, really good. It comes with all sorts of Mediterranean meats and cheeses and bread and mmmmm....so good.

For dinner, I ordered sirloin and my girlfriend ordered a sweet potato ravioli. My steak was delicious although I would have preferred a larger side (a small helping of spinach and potato). The same would go with the ravioli. Great pasta, just not a lot of it. Overall, the evening was great and just what I expected when I walked in here. 

I hesitated at giving this place four stars because I enjoy restaurants with a little more action and a unique vibe (I don't know how many times I've seen napa valley inspired places). That's why I like Palomino, but I realize that there is a time and place for this restaurant and while I won't be back soon, I will be back. Because there are just those nights when you need to get away from it all and have a nice, quiet, delicious dinner.
**Happy Hour Only **

This place is pretty awesome for happy hour! It's a great deal....5 appetizers, wine, and cocktails for $6/each! And they have happy hour 7 days a week! Yup, that's right....including weekends! The ambiance here is nice and the service here is excellent. The bartender is fun to talk to if you sit at the bar. Or if you come before the crowd, you can sit at the booths by the bar. 

Appetizers we tried:

TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO - it was good, but it didn't blow me away.
WICKED CAJUN BARBECUE SHRIMP - same...good but not great.
SEARED AHI TUNA - I'm picky about my ahi...and I've had better.
JUMBO SHRIMP COCKTAIL - these were GOOD! I really enjoyed this!

But the best thing on their happy hour menu is the Fleming Prime Burger hands down. This burger is just so juicy, flavorful, tender, and delicious! The bun is really good too. The best $6 burger you can get! Blows Carl's Jr right out of the water! Sorry Carl... ;) 

The cocktails are good too. I like the fruity stuff, so I enjoy the cosmo. They put little blueberries in it. How can you not like that? 

Maybe next time we'll venture in for dinner....but I'll definitely be coming back again for happy hour!
Great happy hour! Sangria and food has always been perfect! Sangria's so popular that 1/2 the time it's out before I get there, but that's because I'm usually late.

It get crowded with students, and I feel like the old one sometimes, but it doesn't stop the great food/drinks.
During happy hour, their slogan is easy to remember, "5 for $6 'Til 7pm" :D
Aside from the amazing calamari, the MUST TRY on their happy hour menu would be the Flemings Prime Burger w/ cheese & bacon. It's big, juicy & flavorful w/ the sauce it comes with (sometimes u have to ask for it) & the huge bun that looks like a snail shell is unique & really good!
It's a nice sized burger that is more than I can handle so it's the perfect size for me to share with my boyfriend. :) 

I wish they had more of a selection on their happy menu but then that would mess up their slogan. :P

As a side that's not on the happy hour menu but pretty good & unique is their creamed sweet corn because it's a tad bit spicy with jalapenos but it's a nice touch.
On nice days, Shay's is overflowing with people - really, the front patio area is quite small...and once people get a seat, they are not moving.  Especially in Harvard Square, Shay's is a no-brainer...if you can get a seat outside.

But even during the winter months, Shay's is a great place for a casual drink. One of my favorite drinks is the cider and port....and pretty decent bar food too.  As always, I've had the burger, nachos and hummus plate - all good for starting the evening, probably not sufficient for a full meal.  The waitstaff are all really nice and friendly...and they definitely get to know the regulars.
I've had the pleasure of eating at various Fleming's locations at least 20 times, and am glad to see one open up close to home here in Northern California.  However I have to comment on a few pet peeves at this location - ambiance.  I cannot believe how dirty the management lets the carpet get in the dining room.  How much work is it to send the hostess around the room a few times a night with the stick vaccum?  

I've also noticed that while the service overall is good, it could be better.  It seems most staff (including the managers) stand around and talk amongst themselves, when they could be walking the room, checking tables, selling more wine, cleaning the floor - you get the idea. 

But maybe that's why this location doesn't fill the dining room, even on Friday nights...after all, it's the little details that count.

Food and wine - i'd give it 3.5-4 stars for a steakhouse.  But my peeves bring it down to 3.
This place is super hidden. Would have never known this place existed on my own, but with all the talk from friends then I had to go. 

Food is pretty good. Ordered the crispy pig ears and the grilled chicken panini. The chipotle aioli goes well with the pig ears. The panini was solid as well. Sadly didn't have any of the wines when I made my visit

Atmosphere was pretty cool. Problem I had was the noise level. Way too loud then what was expected, but was bearable. 

I only wish I had came here when I was going to school.
Great place!
Vinocity has a cool name, but I wish it was in a cooler corner of the city.  It's kind of in the cut off of Crescent Avenue. The parking is either parallel along the street or in an unpaved lot next to the restaurant. Once you find your way to it. Vinocity is a change from the ordinary. It's a nice spot to meet on a first date or to catch up with a colleague after a long day at the office. The appetizers I had there were pretty good.

Interesting facts about Vinocity are that it has a private dinning area if you want to gather with friends or family for an intimate meal. You can also rent out a room on the second floor for private events.
*This review is for the happy hour menu/service*

For happy hour, I'm a Palomino person. Always have been. When I see who's walking into Brew Co and Maloney's, I shudder. But for some reason, I completely ignored Napa the entire time I was at UCLA. Not sure why. I guess it looked small? Not so...

We had a party of 18 for a birthday. No reservations (we were going for happy hour, don't judge!). To my surprise, the hostess and several other employees hauled serious ass to find a table suitable for our large group. Would that ever happen at Palomino? Hell no. Walk in with a group of 5 and you're likely to elicit looks of "uh, where do YOU expect to find a seat?" from waiters and customers alike.

We were seated at a long table that fit us all. They even printed up more happy hour menus to accommodate our group. Service was attentive all night long. 

In terms of the happy hour menu...meh. Lots of tiny snacks and appetizers ranging from $1 to $5...that was great. I'd highly recommend the blue cheese hushpuppies. But the appetizers definitely were not Palomino quality OR size (for a couple bucks, would you expect them to be?).

Happy hour drinks? Those were alright. Beer selection was somewhat dismal. Some friends shared several carafes of Sangria and seemed to like it. 

All in all, I'd say that the happy hour isn't quite what Palominos is, but after about 20 happy hours at Palomino where the waiters don't give a shit if people are pushing past you to grab tables, I'm really starting to appreciate Napa's service. I will definitely come here again.
I've been here several times for happy hour and beefsteak sunday. I love it. I'm so sad I only just discovered it this fall (despite attending USC for 2 years prior!). I only go for happy hour, since 5-7 (mon-thur) is the perfect time in my day for a quick, delicious dinner. 

My favorite is the stuffed eggplant. It's got lamb in it, but even my roommate (who dislikes lamb) loves the dish. Also delicious are their Bacaro burgers and beefsteaks. The steak is the same stuff they serve on beefsteak sundays, cooked to about medium/medium-rare and delicious. During beefsteak sundays, they also provide this delicious baguette bread. 

If you're there for beefsteak sunday, I'd recommend getting the steak on bread combo at the beginning of dinner (because it IS delicious), then asking them to provide only steak (to maximize stomach space). The establishment is super chill, and it's all you can drink on beefsteak sunday. The setup for beefsteak sundays is also really nice in that you all sit side-by-side so you get to rub elbows with total strangers who are also there to enjoy a good meal and have a great time. 

I love this place, and it's one of our default dinner choices when in a rush. :)
I wanted to write a few works about Vinology's lunch - as I've had the opportunity to visit a 1/2 dozen times the past few months.

Verdict:

Great burgers and sandwiches, delish salads, good service as they are almost never busy, but your food will take awhile - 1 1/2 hours is not uncommon...so if you're in a rush/have a 30-minute lunch time this is not a good place to visit. I usually give a laundry-list of dishes I've tried, but as everything I've sampled has been good, I think a perusal of their downloadable lunch menu would be more helpful in whetting of appetite.

p.s. Also very reasonable in price, considering the quality of the ingredients ($8-$12 for a filling lunch). I am a fan of the Naked-burger with a side of truffle potato salad. Mmm.
Bacaro is a total Hole in the wall.  Don't get fooled by the location. Cute petite, dimly lit restaurant. It has great Happy Hour deal, and gets packed very quickly for that you must get there early. The food is Tapas which is great cause you can take couple of plate and share with your partner. That way you  try varieties of tastes. Great service, Delicious Food, Fantastic wine selection.
we had a very nice dinner at 622 north on a recent trip to Blacksburg. They had a seasonal 3 course menu that you could also order a la carte from with some very interesting choices. They have a nice selection of wines by the glass and bottle, and seemed to have a good selection of beers on tap as well. There weren't a lot of people there when we stopped in on Thursday night, and we had no problems with slow service as some of the other reviewers have mentioned.

We started with the cheese board which was quite large for the price, with 3 kinds of cheese, grapes, walnuts, dried apricots. baguette slices and balsamic honey. The balsamic honey sounded very interesting, but just tasted like honey.  There was quite a large bowl of it on the plate, I'm not sure why...?

We followed that with one of the selections from the special menu, a sauteed calamari and shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce over a lemon risotto with prosciutto cracklings and the crab cakes. The crab cakes were good, but we were a little disappointed that the black bean puree they were served on was cold (like icy cold) and the mashed potatoes that came with them, while very tasty, were cold as well. The shrimp and calamari dish was fabulous though! 

We took a peek in the wine bar on the way out and it looked really cozy with white leather couches and a beautiful bar. It looked like a great spot to enjoy a glass 9or bottle!) of wine and an appetizer.
I wanted to check this place out based primarily upon Meh's review, but sadly I thought it was crap. Not because of their selection, which is excellent and not very expensive, but due to the atmosphere. 

I managed to get a table outside but still had to get hassled and jostled by gaggle of mumbling war-donkeys shouting about what they hated on their vacation in the Carribean. *grrrr* 

I didn't like the music or the people, but I really liked the cut-below relaxed atmosphere of the place itself. I also thought the patio was a great touch and that they had a great selection. 

It just wasn't enough to make up for being in a stable. Maybe I'll come back during the week and revise my opinion.
I stumbled in here for a quick bite while my buddy was taking care of some business at USC, and got to enjoy the best mac and cheese ever made! It had perfectly cooked, tender, macaroni, was extra cheesy, topped with thinly sliced green onion and crumbled bacon. The dish was so savory, it warmed my soul. And it only cost $5 during happy hour. 

I was happy to see that they had a nice craft beer selection and washed my meal down with a cold Chimay Tripel.

I definitely have to come back soon to try more of their menu.
Alright, I might be a little biased since I came here for my birthday, but who cares.  I loved the place.

First of all, the place is a lot smaller than you think from looking at the photo reviews.  The interior pictures that you see? pretty much *the whole restaurant*.  But everything else from the pictures--the art, the decor, the ambiance, is pretty dead on, and it's perfect for intimate parties and happy hour (or so I've heard).

Judging by the menu, being vegetarian here is a breeze, so I already like the place.  The roasted garlic pizza and the bacon & brie pizza (minus the bacon) were perfectly sized and baked to a thin, cheesy crisp. MMMM.  Keep in mind that portions here are generally pretty small (for the average American), so all you heavy eaters out there--don't get all butt hurt when you order the pan-seared scallops and see that only a quarter of that delicate, small square bowl is filled with food.  We also got a super sweet champagne that may be a little too sweet for some people, but was the perfect way to end the night for me.  The waiter was amazing and attentive.  I will be back to hit up happy hour.
I've only been to Shay's during the summer... and usually at the most random of times for drinks only...  That being said, I thought Shay's was very cozy.  The words gleaming, dazzling or classy... do not come to mind when I think of Shays, but it's comfortable and relaxing.  I didn't find anything truly remarkable about Shays but any place where I can veg with friends for hours rates well in my books.
I went there during happy hour for drinks and tapas with colleagues. Nice patio. Good food. A bit strange cocktails.
There are some evenings where you just can't help but feel like splurging... only to find out Addison doesn't have an open table (pun intended).  Should've planned ahead. Anyway, any of the "big three" fine steakhouse chains can be a satisfying substitute thanks to their classy dining rooms, fine cuisine, large wine lists, and very competent service.  

Fleming's tends to oscillate with competing Ruth's Chris for the top-slot among my favorite San Diego steakhouses.  Both offer amazing steaks - cooked to perfection - sizzling hot, and (usually) the pinnacle of service.  Unfortunately, this time around the service was not quite up to snuff, but God knows each dish was as wonderfully executed as regulars have come to expect.

The lobster bisque was a lovely opening act (and the best part, in my opinion).  The caesar salad's dressing could've used a little kick but, overall, the presentation and quality was more than satisfactory.  The New York Strip with its brandy-infused glaze was worth every penny.  My friend felt her filet mignon was spectacular.  My cheesecake dessert was nothing to write home about, but satisfyingly heavy.  

Service, however, could've been better.  The seating hostess seemed evasive and, to my bafflement, there were at least four of them... typically just standing around (as an aside someone needs to put a dress code in place... the hostesses are definitely lovely and sexy is great, but there is a point where classy-sexy becomes trashy-sexy).  Our waiter was competent but extraordinarily busy (they seemed to be understaffed in the wait staff department). The place was full of UCSD students.  Never saw that before. Perhaps some of those seating hostesses should start doing double duty?  Why on earth do you need four in a restaurant of this size?  Having said that I'd like to give a shout-out to the delightful busboy who made up for our waiter's understandable absence by keeping our glasses full, table spotless, and being ready to help in every possible way.  He was amazing.  

Overall, the experience was nice, but not memorable.  My friend agreed; in her estimation the food was great, but the service was mediocre.  I'll be back.  I always come back to this place.  But not before I give Ruth's Chris a stab at claiming the top spot in my steak-craving heart...
We were looking for a late night dessert spot while on a weekend getaway to SLO.  I FaceBooked my friend Laurie and she said, "There's a new Bistro downtown. I haven't been, but I hear they have cupcakes."  Well, that's all I needed to hear.  I went to Poly, so finding it was easy and parking was ample at the bank around the corner.  

Granada is a tiny spot, with seating for about 12 people,  We took a corner table and were enchanted by the mood lighting and mis-matched furniture.   The menus are pasted in old books, which makes it even more fun.

We opted for a cheese plate, something involving nutella, and some late harvest Zin.  We were in heaven and my boyfriend felt that the unplanned trip to Granada made our weekend as romantic as possible.  It was like stepping into our own, private world.  

I would make a point to return to this spot.
Yellow diamonds in the light And we're standing side by side...We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place...

When I first moved down to the Bay Area, there was definitely some culture shock. However, I found love in a hopeless period of my life at Bacaro LA. 

The food, the variety of tastes and textures in one dish, the wonderfulness of being able to experience many different dishes, tastes, and textures at one time, Bacaro LA had it all. 

It was crispy, it was soft. It was sweet. It was savory. It was salty. It was yummy. 

My personal favorite is probably the lamb stuffed eggplant. It just hits so many different notes in one dish. You have to taste it and just enjoy. Don't think of anything else, but putting it in your mouth and chewing it like you mean it. Do as the penguins from Madagascar said.

By the way, eating in is definitely the better option of eating in vs take-out. 

And for the starving student, Happy Hour means that most dishes are $5!
Great local bar, with the great food you'd expect to find in a popular, divy retreat. (I had to use the word "dive" in some iteration given that's how every other review characterizes Shay's - and I agree, and like it!) Seem to serve food until around 11pm - at least they do on Thursday's (the night we were there). It's a basement bar, but I didn't find it too constricted like some other reviews. They have great outside seating that is packed in good weather. The conversation is a little geeky if you take time to eavesdrop. Half expecting to see someone filming Good WIll Hunting 2 - String Theories Gone Wild... Highly recommended.
WHAT A MEAL!!!  One of the best meals of my life.  FUCK YEA!  Strange to say, but i had the best salad of my life the other night here, the spinach salad was terrific.  Great manhattan, a must for a steak house. Thank GOD i didn't pay for this meal, cause I would be depressed right now.  

"Get fucked up with a dick in yo butt!"
Larry King, interviewing Patricia Ramsey 1998.
Went there with my husband and had a wonderful time.  My husband had been wanting to go there for  quite some time and we were not disappointed.  We dicided to skip the pizza and try the boards because that is what Bacaro's is known for.  We ordered about seven or eight dishes.  The waiter said that they would come out one oe two at a time.  All the dishes were fabulous.  My favorite was the pork belly and the scallop with truffel.  We also really liked the cured meats and jams.  The waiter was extremely knowledgable and patiently expained each dish.  He even suggested dishes.

My only complaint is that the dishes came out all at the same time.  Apparently the kitchen got busy.  Because we were unfamiliar with the dishes it was difficult to distinguish which dish was which.  The waiter was attending to his other tables so we were left on our own.  The waiter did apologize and we will be back but next time I will speak up.  For the price of the dinner I do no want to be rushed.

Overall great service and wonderful food.  Next time I will hold out for a table on the second floor as stated in the other review.
Now THIS is my MOTHERSHIP!!!  The ambience is divine.  The wines are wonderful.  The food is fabulous.  I love the live music.  It is a very romantic place to just kick back, relax, sip on a fresh fruit sangria and listen to music.  I strongly recommend this establishment.  They are currently closed as they are adding a B&B to the restaurant.  Ooooh, cannot wait to stay here.  I'd live here if I could!!!
SUPER great small plates. 

We had... the ahi, the mini burgers, the meat/cheese/bread plate, AND a portabella pizza -- though we didn't finish all of the food, amazing!

Only downside, when you tried to make reservations on Open Table, everything was super full. But when you got there -- it didn't look that full. 

On a side note, it seems as though some people can eat for days. A couple (I think they were a couple...) they both had TWO entrees. Just a tad bit much for my stomach.... 

My stomach was satisfied!
The boyfriend and I decided to go all out for Valentine's dinner and since HOPR was already fully booked, we decided to look closer to home.

The BF made the reservations easily online for 6PM. Unfortunately, due to a family emergency we were about 45 minutes late but they were understanding about it and seated us right when we got there. When the waitress came by, she said "Hello Ignacio party" which I thought was interesting.

The BF and I both got the prime rib special, which comes with a salad, side, and dessert for $37 (only on Sundays).  We each also ordered a glass of wine, which I felt was a bit skimpy but maybe that's how they do it in fancy shmancy places.  Don't want anyone getting chocolate wasted I guess!

Thoughts on the food:

Complimentary bread: realllly good!  It was some herb-crusted...something LOL, I don't even know.  It came was 2 different spreads and I have to agree with another review here, I would've preferred regular butter but that's probably because I'm boring.  The bread was actually pretty good on its own anyways.

Salad: BF got the wedge and I got the Caesar salad.  I am not a fan of vegetables but I actually really enjoyed my salad! I almost ate most of it!

Side: BF got the asparagus which I didn't try but I got the mashed potatoes that made both of us go MM out loud every single time we took a bite.  It was THAT orgasmic to the mouth.

Prime rib: gooooooooooooooooooooood.  Legit prime rib.

Dessert: Unfortunately we were so full by the time dessert came around that we asked to get it to go.  Until I learned that the chocolate lava cake came with ice cream, so we ate the ice cream out of the box.  I wish I just ate it at the restaurant because reading the reviews, they made it sound absolutely amazing and it was really awful when I decided to eat it when I got home.  Disappointed in myself.

Food was legit and for other special occasions, I would love to come back.  Next time, I'll be sure to save room for dessert.
There's hope for dessert at 622 North! The September 2012 seasonal market menu included a winter squash cheesecake for dessert. It was both delicate and rich, not too sweet except for the very sugary crust which added some pop. The red snapper with wilted arugula on top of risotto cakes was a winner, too. The fish was tender, and the accompaniments complementary. Mmm, perfectly cooked green beans again, too.

We also had polenta fries for an appetizer. They were hot, crispy, and delicious. The aioli dipping sauce was good, although I would have chosen something different such as a pesto or roasted pepper theme.

Usually, I think food at restaurants is way too salty. Oddly, several of 622 North's dishes seem like they could benefit from a little more salt to bring out the other flavors.
The only thing that could make this place more out-of-the-way European would be ashtrays and a lack of a fire exit.  Please don't tell any of your friends about Granada!!!  I want to make sweet sweet love to this place.  And big props to the owners for bucking the sheeple-paso-14.7% wine flu and actually pouring wines you can drink.  That's pure bravery right there.

Encore, sil vous plait.
Thanks to Nich for telling us about this place and you totally missed out! So I came here with a party of five, had a reservation at nine and it was pretty packed. We waited about 10-15 mins for a table to clear. So the place is very small, not ideal for big parties of prob six or more. 

For the entire dinner, we ordered two bottles of red wine and i cant remember the name of it but it was a pinot noir. 

Now on to the food:
Each of us ordered three plates and all shared. Remember the plates are small, tapas style.

Baguette and Olive Oil Infused with Garlic:
The bread was nice and crunchy and OMG you have to try the garlic oil, nice and sweet. We cut up the garlic and put it on top of our bread and it was heaven. 

Caprese Salad-
Buffalo Mozzarella that is light and melts in your mouth. The Tomato salad with sea salt brought it together. Im usually not a fan of Pesto but this was good. Not too gardeny tasty(if that makes sense) and was combined with other favors to balance it out. Def a crowd pleaser.

Prosciutto Di Parma
The Prosciutto was very flavorful, thinly sliced. Yummy

Crostini: They really pack on the cheese.
Fresh Ricotta w/ Olive Tapanade-Gross, if you love olives then this is for you, if not step away.

Gorgonzola, Dates, Walnuts and Honey- This was my fav of the night! All the flavors combined, explosion in my mouth

Mascarpone and Sundried Tomato Tapenade- Very refreshing and light. also a crowd pleaser. 

Goat Cheese and Balsamic Marmalade- Goat Cheese was good but the marmalade was way too sweet for me. 

Bacaro Burger:
Reminds me of an Office Burger for some reason. It was good, the spicy sauce really made it stand out

Hanger Steak- it was okay, average, didnt really stand out, not very flavorful but tender.

White Pizza- not a fan of this, flavors were bland, dont order

Bacon and Brie Pizza- it was okay, not the best pizza i have ever had, but it also didnt stand out either.

Chicken w/Risotto Cake - Omg, another dish i was amazed by, The citrus and Jalapeno flavors really stood out for me. Everyone should try this. 

We were so bummed they ran out of scallops! We def want to come back and try this.

On to dessert:
Nutella Panino-Who can say no to nutella?Nice and warm with nutella oozing out of it. yummy.

Bread Pudding-what a disappointment this was. It was bland and something was missing from the dish. Wont be ordering again. 

So to some it up, a great new place to try and I will def be coming back!
I can't believe that in all my years of living in this god awful city that I have yet to stumble upon this sweet joint. Maybe it always turned me off since the sheer volume of Crimsons strewn about the patio is enough to make me want to vomit, but I guess I should have learned by now to get over that in this neighborhood. Still, you don't get that feel at Charlie's and they're sort of the same type of place, only now Charlie's has that awesome beer garden and Shay's... well, it may just be the only haven left that allows you to smoke on their patio!

Still, the food is pretty good and the beer is cold and if you happen to be here when it's packed with internationals, close your eyes for a moment and just take things in; you can feel as though you're in Europe, even if only for that brief, but satisfying, moment.
Based solely on their happy hour, Fleming's is not bad at all.

Happy hour eats:
- Fleming's Prime Burger ($6)
- Sweet Chili Calamari ($6)
- Seared Ahi Tuna ($6)

Happy hour ends here at 7pm and when we got there at 6:40pm, there didn't look like there was much of a wait. A friend of ours swore by their prime burger so my boyfriend got one to try. For $6 this burger is amazing. He ordered it medium and it came out more or less at a medium. There was a choice of three cheeses, cheddar, swiss, or bleu cheese crumbles; he went with the bleu cheese crumbles. The burger was super juicy and perfectly seasoned. Bleu cheese on anything is delicious, and bacon makes the world go round. The "Fleming's famous onion rings" were standard onion rings in my opinion, nothing special.

The seared ahi tuna was pretty good. I liked the seasoning on the tuna, however, on the end pieces it was pretty salty. I was NOT a fan of the intensely wasabi wasabi sauce on the plate. It was pungent to say the least. Be warned.

The sweet chili calamari was okay. My boyfriend was disappointed that the calamari wasn't more crispy, but i feel like it's just because it has sauce drizzled all over the plate. I did really like the chili slices. I thought it added good flavor. Also, the serving is very generous for $6.

Overall, the burger is by far the best reason to go happy hour here. The appetizers were good, but not great. Service was awesome. Our waitress was attentive without being annoying. Fleming's happy hour is definitely worth your time if you're looking for some good cheap food.
I'd been looking forward to trying this place ever sine I saw the reviews on here. so when I landed a job and my friend/USC grad student passed an exam, we decided to come here for a celebratory light early dinner. 

Well, this place did not disappoint my high expectations. We decided to get there early to partake in the weeknight happy hour. At about 4:30pm, it was mostly empty. We were greeted warmly, and told all of the food was $5 instead of $7. Yay! We decided to get some sparkly beverages (me prosecco, her a rose from Michigan, both $7/glass - my prosecco was nice and she said she enjoyed her rose) and split a bunch of the cichetti. We had the olives, artichokes, scallops, and steak (one for each of us). 

I tasted everything except the scallops because I don't like seafood (but I can say that the corn/tomato mixture it was in was fresh and very tasty). She loved the scallops, I loved everything else. The artichokes were canned (I asked, they told me they were premium canned hearts from Italy.), with some parmesan and then broiled, served with a lemon. So simple, so delicious. The olives with marcona almonds were also really tasty, marinated in good olive oil added a nice touch. The steak was wonderful. I got mine "medium rare" and it was pretty rare, but that's fine for me. It was seared and really smoky/charred on the outside, but juicy and tender on the inside. Whatever it was marinated in, it was delicious, and the steak was sprinkled with really great high-quality salt that added that "high-class" touch. 

Total for all of this plus our wine came to about $42. For the quality of the ingredients and the fact that everything was darn delicious, I think it's a pretty good deal. It was enough to eat - I was not stuffed, but I also didn't really need any more either :p 

I don't have the money to come here every day or even every week, but it's a hell of a fun place for a group to get a bottle or two of wine and order a bunch of dishes and just laugh the night away or even just a couple of friends like us to sample some things and celebrate our mildly good fortune. But my parents are well in their 60s and I think they'd love it too. Next to us was a table of professors discussing statistics, so the crowd is pretty eclectic and it all seems to work. I spent a couple weeks in Italy last year and this place definitely has that kind of feeling. Homey, casual but high-quality, atmospheric, etc. 

By the time we left, a few groups had come in and the atmosphere was getting lively. The place is smaller than I imagined, maybe only 10-12 tables, but it was homey and has a nice decor. The service was great and they were knowledgeable about the wine and food and answered the questions we (and tables around us) asked. What a find. I hope they can make it in this economy. I wish I lived a little bit closer!!!
i give it 5 stars for being the BEST steakhouse! first time in La Jolla, usually i go to the one in Downtown.

you have to expect this place to be pricey BUT their quality and service is on point! basically any of their steaks is a win. i love the Porcini rubbed filet mignon and the mash potatoes. MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH! for dessert their Lava Cake topped everything off. YUMMM

it was one of our party member's birthdays and she got a complimentary picture in a paper frame and a box of chocolate truffles. :)
My wife and I had a marvelous anniversary dinner at Flemings. The cold seafood platter for two was the perfect starter for our sushi-accustomed palate. The steaks were cooked to perfection and the pudding we got for dessert was the perfect ending for a great evening. Our waitress was cordial and knowledgeable and accommodated all our requests. We will definitely go back
I thought I had written a review for this place but apparently I have not! (It's been a year)

First, I'd like to personally thank the people at BacaroLA for a great night of food and drinks. I was there for my birthday celebration and they were able to accommodate my big group of 18 people! They asked what I wanted as a set menu so they could have it all ready by the time I arrived. 

The food? Absolutely amazing. Small portions but with loads of flavor. They have plenty of wines that you can pair your food with. Great for dates! 

It is extremely intimate(tiny) in there so be ready to get friendly with others. 

The staff was very friendly and wanted to make sure that we all enjoyed our time there. I definitely recommend this place. :)
I will start by saying that I have been to Cova many times and have had experiences that ran the gamut; from first class service that rivaled some much more pricey wine spots, to such poor service that I have had to talk with the manager (Washington location). 

The food is very tasty and the presentation is well balanced. The portions are nice for a small tapas/tasting menu. The Steak Tartare is very delicious as in the Lamb. 

The range of service and knowledge that I have witnessed in my over 15 visits is what really sinks Cova's ship. I don't expect my server to be on the level of a trained wine expert, but I do expect them to be aware of the flavor profiles of the wines they suggest to me. I have ordered flights and received replacement wines for 3 out of 4 listed on the menu. 

Lastly I will add that at the Washington location I received the worst service experience I have ever had at a place I was spending money (Let alone at least $300). I hosted my girlfriends birthday of ~13 people. We waited for EVERYTHING. We would order glasses and wouldn't see our waiter for 15+ minutes. We would ask for water and not receive it. I walked in ready to buy many many glasses of wine for the party, 2 hours later we left after having only TWO (2) glasses of vino. 

The manager said he was sorry. I was too.
I'm not the biggest fancy dinner person, but Flemmings is a great place if you want to go somewhere "nice." The restaurant has all the fancy restaurant stuff to impress your girlfriend: hot plates, cold forks, choice of light or dark napkins, and chocolate lava cake. If you need somewhere to go for a special occasion, this is a good bet. It wasn't difficult to get a reservation even on Valentine's day. Note: Flemmings gives you a $25 gift card for coming on V-day. 

Fill up on free bread because the entrees are pricey and everything comes Ala Carte. Meaning, that if you want the steak you have to pay $30 and then another $10 for mashed potatoes. Expect to spend some cash at a nice restaurant like this, but you don't need to break the bank. 

I would recommend going on Sunday and getting the Prime Rib Dinner for $36 because you get the Prime Rib, a salad, a side and a desert. That' a $60 value based on their prices. If you are trying to save some money another option is getting something off the "petite" part of the menu. I ordered the Petite Fillet Mignon and it was only $29 and it came with potatoes. That with the free bread (with yummy butter spreads) will get you full. 

I also hear that this place has a great happy hour between 5-7pm where you get fancy cocktails and appetizers for $5 or $6 each. In addition, Flemmings has a unique romantic atmosphere. I liked sitting in the wine room. Being surrounded by wine photos and nice wine bottles made me want to order wine with dinner, but I didn't because I'm cheap :). 

I'd give this place 5 stars, but everything was a little too buttery for me.  The restaurant cooks everything with butter.  The potatoes, the steak, the veggies and especially the creamed spinach.    

If you're feeling like steak and you have some cash burning a hole in your pocket, go to Flemmings.

P.S. The chocolate lave cake is worth the $10 you gotta reluctantly shell out when the waiter pitches it at the end of the meal.
Teresa's Cafe Italiano is a great place to take family or friends when they are in town.  It's a cute little Italian restaurant with an ambiance suitable for either casual meals or dates.

The food alone makes Teresa's worthwhile, and the prices are reasonable.   Everything seems to be made with fresh, quality ingredients. I'd definitely recommend a Pizza -- but everything our group ate at a recent dinner was good.  

The restaurant was very busy the night we went so the wait time was a bit long, but in the end, it was definitely worth our wait.
the front patio makes this the best spot in cambridge to drink a hefeweizen in the summer months. shay's manages to keep it's mellow vibe despite being constantly packed. excellent beer and wine selection.
So I grimaced and groused the whole way to Carrboro about having to go to this restaurant, which I had given two chances before to impress me, and been disappointed on both occasions. In the last two years, I'm not sure whether they've acquired a new chef -- or just a whole new attitude -- but I was pleasantly surprised with my menu exploration this evening.

Things certainly started off well when we were told about the 1/2-price bottles of wine on Tuesday. We selected a Malbec and put our food orders in. A plate of thinly sliced airy bread was brought out with a side dish of peppery olive oil. And then our first courses. For me, a savory tart of creamy mushrooms, spinach, and thin slivers of cheese. It blended perfectly and just melted in my mouth! My main course was the lobster rolls (3): a lobster salad atop house-made rolls. The rolls were small (as expected at a tapas restaurant), but the lobster salad heaped on top was fairly generous, and the lobster not stingy. I also ordered the house-cut fries for the table -- they were plenty enough to share and were deliciously seasoned. 

I was catching up with some old colleagues of mine, and had a dinner that lasted 3 hours. During this time, the waiter did not once make us feel rushed -- he even let our paid checks sit on the table until after we'd left. Nor did the waitress skip refilling our waters; she continued to stop by the table and make sure we were topped off. That's an A+ for service, and notably improved marks for food as well! It gets my stamp of approval...  I guess third time's a charm.
Flemings is actually a better chain steak house than other ones like Ruth's.  Really enjoyed the steak here and the appetizers are pretty legit.  Recommend it if you are not able to make it to the city.
Review on happy hour - without a doubt, the best burger at the best price I have ever had.   

$6.00 prime burger.  Free fresh potato chips while you wait.  Strong good cocktails.  I can make this my regular happy hour place in Palo Alto.
This out-of-towner enjoyed the hip atmosphere, the wine and the food. The Chardonnay (Trefethn Estate, CA) I sampled was among the best I've had. Buttery and somewhat bold but with no bite. The Corbieres Chateau Pech-Latt was complex with with notes of cherry. Medium-dry. The Spanish Bonita tuna sandwich with black olive tapenade was delicious and filling. I agree with a previous poster and have tried some cheese had there been a combo plate. There are three Trias in the city. Give one a try.
One of the four restaurants owned by the Terra Momo Restaurant Group, Teresa's Cafe Italiano, is one of my favorite Princeton eateries. Let me begin by commenting on the restaurant's delightful ambiance - bright lighting, white and brick walls lined with artwork, wooden tables and chairs, low music playing in the background.  This is one of those places that can be described as classy and casual at the same time.  How can there be an open kitchen in the middle of the dining area and still be considered a classy place? Well, it just is - you'll have to see for yourself.  The food is very good and many ingredients are from local farms.  The dinner menu consists of appetizers, pizza, pasta, and just a few non-pasta entrees.  I always seem to order the same thing - Penne all' Arrabbiata or one of the artisan pizzas.  They do a breakfast/brunch now too, and the pastries and frittatas are excellent.  Note: they also have a few craft beers on tap.
While the ambiance is great, the space is a little cramped.

But the food is great and the wine bar is a plus. You really get your money's worth.
If you love food, this is the place for you.  I recently moved here from California and was delighted to find this spot.  I walked by this place many times before I noticed the name and another couple of weeks before I remembered to go in for dinner.  The ambiance of this place invites you in to enjoy a lingering dinner with great conversation.  It is a place to go on a date or to go with a crowd.  The outside seating is great on Saturday afternoons or early evenings.  Some of the staff are knowledgeable about wines and the food is the best in town.  Can I say more?
The reason I used to dine at Fleming's is because I enjoy steak. The reason for my rating, based on several (5+) of my recent experiences, is because every time I dine there, they can't cook a steak to my preference- Medium. In my opinion, if a STEAK house can not cook a steak to medium, it deserves a negative rating. 

In my past 5, likely more, experiences at Fleming's La Jolla, the steak was NEVER cooked correctly. The times my steak was overcooked, I would be charged for two steaks and one would be removed from the bill. I think I got lucky one time and both steaks were taken off, as they should have been every time, however I am not one to ask, or push, for something to be removed completely. Once, I also received new sides because the ones that came with my incorrectly cooked steak had become cold. The times that I did not get my steak for free, I got a free dessert I think. Management is clearly poor. Servers are not exactly consoling. They always clearly expressed disdain when I told them my steak was cooked incorrectly by them...as if I were pestering them for no reason. Maybe, if I should ever dine there again, I will tell them when I'm ordering, "You guys have messed my steak up EVERY time I've been here in recent memory...PLEASE TAKE EXTRA CONSIDERATION WHEN COOKING IT." But if I had to do that, I question why I'd go out to eat in the first place!

The reason I gave two stars is because the Chocolate Lava Cake is remarkable. It's so remarkable that I may go just for dessert... Order with extra fresh whipped cream.
I went there during 'Dine LA'. It is one of the few ones around westwood. It's kinda expensive, considering what I have for lunch. Only a small soup with a bowl of chicken salad, not much chicken there, but the blue cheese was good. The dessert was not right, tooooooo sweet.
I don't understand why there are so many ppl.
Love the Monday Pizza and wine paring. You won't regret it.
If you're looking for very good food at very reasonable prices, in an excellent and quaint atmosphere, look no further than Toast.  Oh, excuse me, I meant Toast!

We enjoyed their 4-course tasting menu, and on Tuesday, it was only $30.  I'm not sure you could find a much better bargain in Pittsburgh.  It wasn't a pre-fixe menu, it was just whatever came out of the kitchen.  So, on the one hand, I was a bit disappointed to not have tried the touted shrimp and grits or bone marrow.  On the other hand, each diner gets something different, so it was a great way to sample the food.

Oh yeah, the wine comes in a half-glass (4 oz) as well as full pours.  It's just another great way to sample their wine menu.

The food was very, very good.  I wasn't blown away with the flavors, but there was some creativity, which came off well.  One of the last dishes was basically pulled pork terrine.  It was great.  And again, I think there is great value here, for $18 to $22 entrees, vs the $25 to $32 at  others such as Casbah or Spoon.

Lastly, the environment is fantastic.  It's set in a house, so there are multiple small rooms.  It's cozy, romantic, dark, and all with a nice indie music playlist setting the tone.

I'm looking forward to another visit.
Bad service today.  Took 20 minutes from ordering to get our drinks (4 people at the bar).  My "mosquito" was simple syprup and ice, essentially (wanted a sherry mojito, were out of sherry).
Bartender came over and introduced herself at some point after we finally got our drinks (???) and shook our hands ... but her hands were dripping wet.

strange.

pass on this place.
Went recently and had the nicest waiter ever. Young kid but so eager to please and super attentive. What a difference good service can make! He really understood that he is in hospitality.

Had several appetizers and shared the pasta vongole, and the waiter had made sure that the kitchen split it nicely and served with a great presentation. The vongole wasn't as good as usual - extemely fishy. Less fresh clams and more cut up likely frozen or may even be a conch. Didn't particularly care for that super fishy interpretation (prefer how they used to make it), which is why they only get 4 stars.
Friendly service. Great wine. Good food. We arrived late at night just after the kitchen had closed but we still enjoyed red wine and a delicious assortment of cheese, salami and prosciutto.
First off the price denomination set on Yelp is wrong - at least 3 "$" maybe even 4 if you order drinks (which cost around $13). The food is pretty good, slightly expensive, but great location so it's understandable. The only real reason I am writing a review is to let the management know about what horrible service I had here today. My server, a very handsome taller blonde haired collegate looking gentleman was astoundingly bad. As a restaurant manager/server myself, I not only appreciate good service, but expect it when a restaurant charges $20 a plate for lunch and $14 for a mixed drink. He was unresponsive to needs, impersonal, and frankly seemed fed up with all of his customers. Good servers are NOT had to come by especially in a college town and being one of the more expensive restaurants in the are, the management should make sure to have fabulous servers, not horrible ones. Other than him, the food was pretty tasty, presentation attractive, location great, and decore perfectly suited to the style of restaurant. Woud love to hear what the management has to say in response to this post...
Great little pub in Harvard Square (where competition for the label of 'great pub' isn't exactly ferocious).  In my opinion, the best time to visit is in the afternoon when you can sit outside and get boozy.  I've seen the food - haven't had it - wouldn't order it.  There are better places nearby, like 9 Tastes.
This place is awesome. For a crap area, it's a classy little bar nuzzled in the streets of the hood near USC.

The only problem is that there really isn't seating for large groups. I once brought a group of 16 into this bar and the owners were nice, but seemed a bit rude about how large of a group we were. 

The prices and food is great. I definitely recommend checking this place out if you are near the area or a USC student, but not if you have to go out of your way.
My cousin took me to this place and I am definitely a fan.
1) Artichokes--EXCELLENT!  Cheesy.
2) Panini w/the mushrooms--Crunchy, in a good way.
3) Mac & Cheese--Again, cheesy and addicting.  Sinful.
4) Burrata--Good.
5) Pizza--I forgot what kind I got, but it was good.
Share a bottle of wine...we were super full and I'm pretty sure we didn't finish all the food.

We went early on a Thursday, like at 5:30, and the place was half empty.  So, we got a seat right away.  But within 15 minutes the place was packed and there was a crowd waiting near the kitchen.  So get there early if you don't want to wait.
This place is super cute, but their service is super slow.  Their dishes are not very unique, but their wine is always good.  I like the atmosphere, but it's not enough to out weigh the slow service.  The people are nice, but again, I didn't get my dinner for an hour.  And wine didn't come for 15 minutes after we ordered it.  If you go here, be prepared to just hang out.  Don't go hungry.
When we made the reservation we were asked if it was a special occasion (our anniversary). The entire staff knew we were celebrating and wished us a happy anniversary. The owner came by with two complimentary glasses of Champagne.The food at Fleming's was excellent.  Not a huge menu, but certainly enough to choose from.  Bone-in rib eye was melt in your mouth tender.  Pork rib was huge, but still very tender.  Each side dish was large enough for two and scrumptious.  We split a dessert - pecan turtle pie -  that would have fed 4 easily.  Yummy.  What really stood out was the service - attentive but not hovering, friendly but not schmoozy.  It's pricey, but well worth it.
I used to come here quite a bit when i lived the neighborhood. Food is seasonal and awesome. This means that you get separate menu offerings per season. I am not big into summer fares (too light and healthy), so i sorta avoided this place then. But if i had gone, i am sure i would enjoy the food still.

Their fall and winter menus, are heartier and fills my stomach and heart more :) Very comforting thicker broth/ fuller braise. 

Pre-meal, you get complimentary bread/ flat breads selection. These aren't the measly pieces of reheated or cold bread you get in most places. These are artisan bread, almost like the ones you get at Spago, except not as warm.

And you have to try their dessert, which is also seasonal. I got this warm mixed berries warm crisp and warm apple crisp (like a rustic mini apple/ fruit pies). I had to take a long silence, to enjoy my food orgasm. that good.
I swear my seating location is based on how I am dressed that day. When I dont shave (as is oft the case) and am in casual clothing I am way in the back. When I bring my really attractive female friend and am personally well dressed, we are seated in a more obvious spot. 

But I dont really care about that. 

Service: Very good. Every time. 

Food: Its great for what it is. Not the most creative Italian menu I've seen but solid trattoria food. The fig pizza is great and I can (and have) eaten the fig marmalade by itself. The pastas are satisfying but rely on the old standby treatment, ie. use cream and cheese. The charcuterie is uneventful. 

Value: $20-25 is what I usually spend (incl tip + shared app, no booze). Or somewhere thereabouts. 

I go in the off hours cause I cant stand the close quarters and I see no reason to wait there when there are other good restaurants in the neighborhood.
This USED to be my favorite restaurant when dining in Princeton.  The food was good, very good in fact...I still have a deep attachment to the conchiglie balsamico, but there are a few things that have driven this place down.

1.  The crowds of people
2.  No real waiting area
3.  No Reservations
4.  They took away this awesome sun-dried tomato ravioli awhile ago and never brought it back! (it was amazing)

Atmosphere:  Typical Italian rustico...charming.

Service:  Never really thought much of it.  Very transactional.

Food:  Fantastic!  Proof that even in Jersey, you can find NYC quality restaurants.

Overall:  Well, as I said, I've lost my taste for this place, but with a few small improvements they could find their way again...depends on how open they are to change.
Just got home from my second time at Fleming's and am very disappointed. The first time, I was impressed. The food was pretty good. Meat was cooked perfectly, the sides were hot and the desserts were pretty good (chocolate lava). The only thing I didn't like about the first time was that we had a table in the middle of the dining room and the server kept calling me "bud," which I think is pretty disrespectful and unprofessional especially when you work at what is supposed to be a nice restaurant. 

So this time, I went in with high expectations. We sat down hungry and figured out what we wanted to eat within 5-10 minutes. However, our server kept walking by and tending to the table behind us (table of about 6 older adults). I've worked in a restaurant before and I know it is hard work but it wasn't very busy at this time. We waited for nearly 20 minutes for her to come take our order all of which was spent with our menus closed looking bored. Finally she comes and takes our order. We wait another 20 minutes to get our salads. Salads were OK. Can't really mess those up. We finish our salads and our plates are sitting in front of us for another 10 minutes before they are cleared. Another long wait and our main course is brought to us. We both got the prime rib medium-rare with creamed corn and the Flemings potatoes. The meat was very dry and luke warm. The sides were warm at best. My guess is, our stuff was sitting in the warmer a while until she felt like serving us. Very disappointed, we maintained hope for dessert which did not disappoint. The creme brulee was pretty good and the turtle chocolate cake was as well. I guess my problem is more with the server than the food. If she just would've treated us the same as her other table rather than seemingly forgetting about us probably due to the fact that we are younger and just assumes that if she treats the older people better she will get a bigger tip and doesn't want to waste her time giving us the same kind of service. Bottom line: very disappointed in Flemings and don't think I will be back. If you are looking for a nice meal, I would skip this place over...
Awesome space.
Great food/snacks.
Delicious wines and beers.
Attentive servers.
Good music.
NO TV'S! I love that. 
And finally, decent prices. 
What's not to like?
We were lucky to have such a wonderful waiter in a restaurant known for horrible service.  My friend had gone to Vinology over the summer and had a careless and rude waitress. Luckily she told me this after our meal... 
 
The host and hostess didn't do anything to disprove their reputation. The restaurant was very crowded and we'd just been told that we were next in line for a table. Then a group of the hosts friends came in and he forgot about us and the other guests. We had to remind him that he said we'd be seated next in order for him to lead us to a table.

Our waiter, Luke, was very knowledgeable about the current menu, specials, and wine. Not only did he take the time to point out what the icons on the wine list mean, he also made good suggestions based on our likes and dislikes. That said, he was sooo sloooow. 

The food was decent and I appreciated the diversity of the Restaurant Week menu. I had the prosciutto and Parmesan dumplings which were actually the most disappointing item I ordered. They were surprisingly flavorless (even with the delicious pig!). My entree was the Amish baked chicken with an Indian curry - it was delightful. Finally, and the best, was the flourless chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse. This was divine - probably one of the best desserts I've ever tasted.

I wouldn't totally discount this place - their wines by the glass menu is diverse and impressive. They cover the full spectrum of choices and made some great choices.  I would come back here for a glass of wine at the bar.

If you're coming for dinner be patient and good luck!
Great place - fun, loud, tasty.  I end up there every time there's too long of a line at a place I want to try.
Excellent.  A party of 6 (three adults, three children), and we were
all very happy with our meals.  My filet mignon was cooked perfectly (medium-rare), and the other diners with steaks were
equally happy with the done-ness.  The service was great.  Quite a change from Alexanders, which had been my favorite since  opening ...until the last year or so.  Having tried Mortons and Alexanders in the same month, Flemings is my new favorite.

http://www.flemingssteakhouse.com/
Went there recently for dinner with a friend. The food was ok -- not too remarkable. I ordered the crusted tuna medium-rare but it came rare (very much like sashimi). I didn't mind that mistake very much but the tuna was rather bland in flavor except that it came with a big pile of extremely sour plum/dates? The texture of the dates was also too hard to go well with the tuna together in one bite. But my main objection was that the sourness of the dates/plums was overpowering and the tuna itself was too bland. No balance or complementarity of flavor or texture at all in my dish.

My friend said her salmon was delicious but she said it felt very heavy with lots of cream poured on top. It also looked a bit overcooked for it to be "medium." If you are going to ask me at what temperature I want my fish, please get it right. Especially if the two fish dishes cost ~$60 pre-tax/tip. For that price, I expect you to get at least the temperature right. Don't undercook my tuna and overcook her salmon.

Our server was very slow in taking our order and after 20 minutes, when I (politely) alerted the hostess that we were ready for our server to take our order, she was a bit snooty. I am going to chalk it up to the fact that her heels were too skinny and tall for her. She looked like she was tripping in stilts and I guess if I were wearing stilts all day long as a maitre d', I would be pissy too.
small and cozy.
all the dishes taste great!
we ordered a bunch of tapa dishes all the dishes taste great!
Came here for wife's holiday party. She would run off and leave me alone with the bartenders. Luckily for me I make friends quickly and easily.
 The food they brought around during the evening and everything was very good. 
 Bonus points: I won an Ipod at the party! SCORE!
Excellent service and excellent food but entirely overpriced.  I loved the multiple server concept.  However, we did not expect a $155 bill for two people.  I know food margins and am willing to pay premium rates for premium food and service but that is just ridiculous.  $12 for a martini?  Absurd.  And my wife ordered the black bass which is gone after about four bites...unfortunately we will not return.

If you are good with very small portions and don't mind the overflated bill at the end of the night then ENO is a good restaurant.
Bacaro is a small little restaurant near USC, if I hadn't been looking for it I would have driven right by, but I am glad I didn't. I came in around 6pm with a girlfriend and the place was packed. To be fair it was the last night to use their groupon although I can see that it would normally be popular. We made our way to the back were a lot of people were waiting and we saw one couple standing and eating right at the bar. 

There was no organization to put your name in so we waited and after couples who came in after us had there name in we finally got some attention, so farther on the list then we should have been, but we weren't up for a fight, just a nice evening out. 

We got a good amount of room at a counter/bar area and set up camp. The menu looked great and we ordered several small plates. The food came out staggered and the beer was great. We ate, got full and still ordered dessert to make sure I used the whole $40 groupon. An hour and a half into being there, our table was ready. We were basically done but enjoyed dessert sitting. The only flaw with the food was the dessert. They called it a panini, which I didn't exactly except it to be served on white wonder bread. Everything else was nice, we made the best of the crowd and I would come back here.
yum! good steak. good potatoes. maybe a little salty, but it's a good salty. tasy wine. tasty beer. great service. romantic setting except that the acoustics make it so that it's very loud. for the price of the beefsteak sunday, i'd definitely go back, and i'm not even a fan of ayce.
At Fleming's I expect great food and great service, and this location lived up to its great reputation.

I started with a cocktail (called The Romance, sweet and refreshing!), my parents started with a bottle of Rombauer, and we shared the chilled seafood tower, which was very tasty. Our server didn't seem annoyed that I asked her to take our picture (yes, I'm THAT customer - but to my credit, my parents were visiting!) in fact, she took two in case one didn't turn out. She was pleasant and attentive throughout the meal. As an entree I had the light filet mignon and lobster tail. Fabulous and too much food, as always. My parents were both happy with their meals as well. For dessert, we shared the lemon gingersnap pie which was tart and not too heavy after the meal we'd just stuffed ourselves with.

Although I'm biased, (Fleming's Palo Alto is my favorite) this location  certainly did not disappoint. It can be pricey ($400+ for 3), but it's a relaxing place to have an enjoyable meal with loved ones.
We were here for our anniversary (3 months with my boyfriend) and we loved it! Friendly service, delicious food, great location. Everybody was aware of our celebration and acknowledge it. The food was mouthwatering , we had a NY steak and a filet Mignon + wine bread and sides. Tip: make sure you ask for the chimichurri, delish! The only reason why i don't give it a 5 stars is because of the menu options, wish they could have a steak and lobster or steak and fish.
Delicious, but expensive, wine bar and restaurant in the Rice area.

The bf and I dined at Cova using a Groupon deal ($35 for a Contemporary Dinner for two - one appetizer, two entrees, one dessert). Although you really don't need a reservation, we still called in 30 minutes before since it was a Friday night. The service was really great (thanks Humberto), and the casual yet classy ambience was great for our date night.

Gambas Al Ajillo - 5.0 - Best appetizer ever.  This dish comes with huge prawns and a delicious broth. And yes, they even serve it with bread to sop up that brothy goodness! Our server even brought out some more bread upon request. Highly recommended!
 
Shrimp Risotto - 3.5 - Not the best risotto, but it was still yummy and huge in portion. Perhaps I was a little "shrimp-ed" out after the appetizer, but there were a lot of shrimp in this risotto (which isn't necessarily a bad thing!). I was able to bring this home for lunch the next day.

Filet of Beef - 4.0 - A great slab of steak served with a chunk of foie gras on top, with truffled mashed potatoes. It's the dish that every manly man dreams of.

Holiday Edition Creme Brulee - 3.5 - Our server convinced us to try this out after telling us the chef wanted some honest feedback on it since it was the second night they served it. Although I like my creme brulees dense, this version was still delicious with a hint of cinnamon and other holiday spices. I just wished it was a little prettier on the plate or served with some fruit. 

Although the food was great, it would've been an amazingly expensive meal without the Groupon deal.  We still ended up paying $50 on top of the deal, since we bought two wine flights and tipped generously. I'd highly recommend this place, but only if you're on  someone else's tab or with a great dining coupon.

TIP: Try their wine flights with dinner! They're quite affordable and delicious.
A review of Daisy Baker's in haiku:

Such great atmosphere
Who IS this Daisy Baker?
Who cares? The food's great.
I ate dinner here on Friday night - on their "Soft Opening" for "Friends and Family"! WOW. I was honored be sat and eat in this beautiful restaurant before the majority of the world could dine here on Sunday night!

The ambiance is a brilliant combination of natural plants, wood, and rock, but enhanced with glass in a modern architectural fashion. The fountain on the patio is a sweet touch. The place is really welcoming and warm to enter. OH - there's a sweet sign above the kitchen that reads "Give. Love. Serve."

The menu consists of mostly local and organic ingredients - including the beers which are all brewed in the PA-area. Most items are under 500-calories, and the portions are just right! I didn't leave hungry, but didn't leave any as waste either. Props for sustainability, Harvest!

The server was really knowledgeable, helpful, and detail-oriented, even in the soft opening. This shows me that the management took the time to really train their staff well, and thus, I can tell that the management cares a lot about the details of this new establishment. Although there are a few local rivals such as White Dog, I can tell that Harvest will do really well.
I eat here frequently because it's close to my work.  Lunch is always good.  Salads are reliably fresh and tasty (get half portion if you don't want to eat a big lunch) and I like their special combination of half sandwich, cup of soup and salad.  I had the short ribs at dinner - huge portion, very tender and delicious.  I like the private room for work-related events.  Service always friendly and efficient.  Not a place I'd choose for a romantic evening. The dining room is noisy and crowded.  Good for an after dinner drink or a working meal.
I'm in love...again! 
Yes it's true I've managed to find another unique gem in the City of Angels. Bacaro LA has officially stolen my heart. First off, it's a little out of the way but that's part of its charm. Second, the owner Santos is da bomb - he use to work over at Silver Lake Wine and has now opened up his own shit (good for him!). The atmosphere at Bacaro is cozy, charming, and low key. They have an interesting wine selection, a good tapas style menu, and decent prices for good quality food and wine. No bullshit here, just good vibes and good times. Bacaro I love you.
I visited Granada this past weekend with friends. We had a lovely time enjoying a glass of wine. It has a great atmosphere and the employees are very attentive. The list of wines, drink and food looked absolutely fabulous. The owner, Kimberly, is personable and helpful.

They make paninis, salad and soup in house. Dessert is provided by Amy Bakes Cupcakes. Everything was fabulous!

I look forward to visiting again in the future! Cheers!
This is the first time i've ever had bone-in-steak filet mignon and WOW, it was AMAZING. it was soooo incredibly good. This place cooks their steaks the same way Ruth Chris does - 1600degree oven EXCEPT they dont bathe their steaks in a pool of butter which is good. It was tasty, juicy and tender. I'm a fan of filet mignons. I would give this place 5 stars but the waiter was extremely pushy. I've never encountered such a pushy waiter before and he didnt really know what he was talking about when it came to the wines but he still kept pushing everything. The desserts were good, we got the sampler which was a taste of everything - the molten chocolate lava cake did not have molten chocolate lava coming out of it. The ice cream and creme brulee was the best tasting to me. My friends really liked the cheesecake. Make a reservation for this place! it was full even on a tues night.
The pan-seared scallops with carrot puree is a MUST ORDER!  It's delish!!!  We ordered the bacaro burger, artichoke hearts, chicken breast, mac & cheese, bacon & brie pizza, garlic pizza, bone marrow and of course, the SCALLOPS!  The only other thing I would recommend is the bacon & brie pizza.  The others were bleh.  For the burger we asked for medium and it came out well-done so it was dry...gross!  The chicken breast was kinda tough and dry even though it was drenched with lemon caper sauce.  The mac & cheese was too cheesy and tasted bitter.  My friends liked it though.  The bone marrow would've been good if it wasn't so darn salty. Too much sea salt!  Nothing really special about the artichoke hearts and the garlic pizza was too garlicky.  They put whole cloves of garlic.

Remember to get there early or expect a long wait because this place is tiny!  We got there 15mins before they opened and they was already a couple outside waiting.  Within a few mins after we got seated, the place was packed.  The servers were really welcoming and helpful, thumbs up!  My only complaint is the noise level.  My ears started to ache.  It was so loud in the restaurant.  I felt like I was in a club minus the music...
Average place but awesome food. Friend of mine and myself, we had a great lunch and my first thoughts were wow. Food is really rich in flavor and looks. Cook at his best I would say. I recommend this place no doubt about it.
Place seems to be closed due to permission issues. We wanted to have a drink there yesterday night (Oct 19, 2011) but it was closed.
I give Napa Valley Grille a solid thumbs up.  Lately I've been spending a bit more time in Westwood, and it seems hard to find a good UCLA walking distance option for a glass of wine and some small plates.  Maybe it is because everything trends towards the younger crowd (understandably so).  Napa Valley Grille is the exception to this rule.  

The decor is clean and open.  The bar area (my usual venue) is up front, with plenty of space for a big bar and several tables.  There are even little table-like ares on the bar, where people can sit and chat with one another over a cheese plate and some wine.

I've never had an entree here, so I can't opine as to those, but the cheese plate, charcuterie platter and appetizers have not disappointed.  My favorite so far is the lump crab brioche - tender lump crab meat, served in a rolled up square of brioche, served with grapefruit salad (including a touch of pomegranate).  A light, tasty alternative to the overdone (and sometimes poorly done, I'm afraid) crab cake appetizer.

I was a bit surprised that the list of wines by the glass wasn't a bit more extensive at a place called Napa Valley Grille, but I've enjoyed the glasses I've sampled so far.  

No complaints, NVG!  I'll be back for more, I'm sure.
Brunch Tapas

Napa Valley has a unique approach to brunch serving tapas around $4-6 for each item. 2 is good. It's a little pricey for brunch but worth it. The location also has a great atmosphere; classy dining experience. If it's warm enough, outdoor seating is a must. Mushroom omelette was very good. 


Warning place opens at 11:30 on weekends for brunch. Not good for early risers.
Fleming's was a great option for me and my girlfriend for happy hour. The portions are fairly generous and it's great that they offer a burger - something outside of an appetizer. My girlfriend and I ordered two burgers, their mushroom ravioli, and the calamari. All three tasted pretty great. The calamari was well seasoned, the ravioli tasted quite good (but was unfortunately small - only three ravioli), and the burgers were overcooked both this time and the last time I've come here. The first time I asked for medium-well, and got well-done. Second time I asked for medium, and still got well-done. Fairly disappointing.

In terms of service, however, the bartenders were fairly friendly. However, it was fairly clear that there was a bias towards the older people rather than us college-aged students.

Would definitely recommend their burger still - it's enough to fill up most appetites, and it's great with the two onion rings they give on the side.

Also, remember that there's free validated parking in the parking lot under the Hyatt! Also happy that Fleming's offers happy hour until 7 PM, which is reasonably late for a happy hour.
Came here for a late dinner date with an old high school friend. 

Started off with some cocktails but the bread and spreads were actually one of my favorite parts of the meal. The complimentary bread has a thin layer of cheese baked on top and comes piping hot with two different types of flavored butter. Wanted to inhale the whole loaf but resisted. We ordered a few small plates to share since we're both on that pre-summer diet. The seared ahi tuna came with a small serving of mixed greens with a citrus vinaigrette. The ahi was light and tasty with a thin peppery coating. The filet mignon with shiitake mushroom risotto was on the saltier side (and I love salt) and the risotto was a little overcooked but the flavor was definitely there and the steak was a nice medium rare. The carpaccio was the highlight, super delicious tender raw beef with capers, red onions, chopped basil and a cream sauce drizzled on top. 

Honestly though, the service was kind of lacking. Requested that the cocktails be less sweet and they were SUPER sweet the first time around and we asked for our bottle of wine to be served with the food but the waitress disappeared on us before opening it. Overall I felt as though she was trying to hustle us out of there and judging us on the fact that we didn't order an actual steak entree or dessert, just small dishes and a ton of alcohol. I'm just saying you could do better, Flemings.
This is an awesome place for a date.   Delicious food to share, tasty wine and the perfect ambience for a night out.  The prices are fair, just don't come here expecting all you can eat bbq.  

I always find myself ordering the hambuger, and since I'm no Wilfred Wong, I ask the friendly staff for recommendations.  Boy, they have never disappointed me.  Every time I've gotten a brief explanation on where the wine is from and what to expect.  

Since the place is rather small, it could get crowded quickly.  I have always arrived before 6:30pm and the longest I've had to wait was 10 minutes.  Not the same story for the folks who show up after 8pm, but I don't think anyone cares, as there's plenty of standing room as well.
Loved this place on my first visit.  Very cozy and warm, lovely food, great servers, and nice wine selection.  I'm definitely going back!
I'd probably rate this 3.5 stars. I have had better steak at places like Peter Luger's in Brooklyn, but I did enjoy the overall ambiance and service. 

This is a good place for a nice romantic, yet not TOO upscale/snotty dinner date. There was a variety of patrons on a Saturday night - from the classy folks on a nice dinner date, to dressed-down families there to celebrate a birthday. 

Good food, GREAT service. Our server was named Cash, and I thought he was perfect. Attentive, yet not bothersome...super nice and personable. 
We ordered a bone-in prime rib and a new york strip steak (both medium rare, of course). Both steaks were in the $40 range, and cooked to order.
We ordered the lobster mac n' cheese ($14) and the half and half (fries/onion rings) ($10). Fries were so-so, but the onion rings were legit and not overly batter-y. 

For dessert, we ordered the Walnut Turtle Pie. This was the #2 recommendation from our server - after the chocolate lava cake. I'm not a huge dessert person, so it was way. too. sweet. Good - but probably would not order it again. If you love pecan pie, but with MORE sweetness, it is probably the dessert for you. Get it ala mode, for sure. 

You can pretty easily hit $200 for your bill for 2 people (add wine to the above), so keep that in mind if your ballin' on a budget!
Good Happy Hour in UTC? Impossible you say? I dare you try this! They have a nice little menu of drinks and appetizers and a pretty delicious burger for $6 each before 7! We tried:

~Bikinitini: Mandarin vodka, orange juice, lemon, garnished with marshmallows- all only 99 calories :)
~Tropical Martini: very fruity, sweet and tasty but not very strong
~Clear Martini: this is pretty much the real deal, not for lover's of the girly drink
~Burger: The MAIN event. This delicious burger is covered in cheddar (or other cheese of your choice), thick bacon strips, and comes with a side of thick cut onion rings and 1000 island dressing. It will compensate for saved calories on the aforementioned bikinitini. 

The service was great. We had a pretty big party that arrived in two waves and the waitress reorganized the partio furniture to accomodate us. It was a bit chilly but she was glad to put on the space heaters. 

Overall, it was the best happy hour I have been to in the area around UCSD and I would definitely go back to try their regular menu too.
A 4 star wine bar with an excellent burger within a stone's throw of USC?  Sign me up...

Apparently, it was sign me up for disappointment.  I should have known better.  Look at the restaurants that USC students keep open along Figueroa - the gnarly taco stand that actually smells like urine, the greasy italian joint, etc.

We came in at 6:15 on a Friday night expecting the 5-7 happy hour.  Apparently, that does not include Friday nights, because the usual $5 per plate during HH was not there either.  And, their plates are $8 each or 3 for $21, but if you order 5, you will be charged 3 x $7 plus 2 x $8 rather than 5 x $7.  Seriously?!?!?!

Okay, so I did not know all of these facts until the check came, but even then I was disappointed.  I started with the Bacaro Burger, which was the best thing that I had and is the only thing saving this review from 1 star.  The base is a piece of honey wheat brioche, which is surprising because of its tenderness and nuttiness from the wheat.  This is topped with a slice of the most flavorless tomato that I have had on a burger supposedly of this caliber.  Then, there was a about 6-7 ounce patty that, while a little lean, was cooked to a perfect rare as requested and topped with a TON of caramelized onions, which I certainly appreciated, and a delicious sauce.  This was a very tasty burger.  Alas, we peak early and go down hill.

Next, we had the Noa's Cauliflower with Chipotle Aioli and Mixed Greens.  The cauliflower was roasted and set atop a bed of greens and covered with the aioli - except this is $8 and there is a cup of cauliflower under a sauce with so much chipotle that you cannot taste aioli and the greens are inedible because the chipotle is slowly killing your tastebuds.  I like spicy, but this was like eating chipotles from the can.  Yuck!

Then, roasted artichoke hearts with parmesan and bread crumbs.  Maybe half a cup of split artichoke hearts with a little parmesan and bread crumbs which are roasted.  Sure, they're fine, but not $8 fine.  Boring and small.  Not well executed.

My girlfriend ordered the Smoked Salmon Pizza.  A 7 inch crisp round was topped with parmesan cheese sauce, smoked salmon and capers.  This was also tasty.  And, like the burger, it was reasonable to pay $8 for it.  They are amply sized for the price point and tasty.  The pizza was less impressive than the burger, but it was good.

So, we ordered the pizza with spicy smoked pepper sauce, roasted fresh tomatoes, goat cheese and sea salt.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!  DID YOU PEOPLE DROP THE CAN OF CHIPOTLES IN THE SAUCE?  This was so hot, it was nearly inedible.  And, the same flavorless tomato that was in the burger was sliced and put on the top under little scads of goat cheese.  Epic fail.

At this point, I have had about three carafes of water, because I have to calm the fire in my mouth, so I have to go to the restroom.  OMG.  Is this a frat house?  The smell of urine hits your nose as soon as you open the door, and there is trash and muck everywhere.  Disgusting.

The servers were very nice, and you cannot blame them for the food.  But, I think you need to be a sauced college student to enjoy this place.  If you are an adult, drive two miles east into downtown and check out cork bar or gorbals or baco mercat.  Skip this place.
Nice place to have a party.  The wine selection is very good.  We bought bottles for gifts!  

A little pricey but worth it IMHO.  You get good service, good over all atmosphere, there are a few "power broker" types around at happy hour having too much alcohol w/o food, but that happens.  Not like Father's Office / younger set bars. This is upscale, impress the ladies, take your guests from the East coast who claim that LA is devoid of any class.    This place serves a good party menu at the holidays, wee overpriced for room rentals for private parties, but if you do host 10+ parties and live nearby, you won't go horribly wrong to have it here.  

If you want better food, it can be found, (see Tender Greens review, Ocean Ave Seafood, 17th Street Cafe, Mimi's Cafe, even Sawtelle has "better" food, Noma's on Santa Monica comes to mind now)  this place is about the ambiance of wine and good times. 

Enjoy!
This was one of my best Experience at any high end chain.  All the dishes I had were awesome.  Starting with a great wine by the glass program, great Pinot Noir by the glass, I like the seared tuna for appy, and the wonderful spinach salad, I had the scampi and petite steak done perfectly medium rare.  The management team stopped by to make sure everything was perfect.  The Bomb!!!
A friend who went to USC brought me here and I've loved it ever since. Great prices on bottles of wines, and their tapas are amazing for their price (3 for $21). Some of the highlights are the cauliflower, bone marrow, lamb burger, and scallops. Plus, I love anyplace that writes their beer and wine list in chalk on the wall. If you want wine and tapas, you've got to try this place.
We went on the night before Valentine's day for HH and it was suprisingly not jam packed.  Flemming has the 5 items for $6 before 7pm every night!

We ordered the hamburger ($6) off HH which was worth it for the price, but not for the full $12. The bun was slightly sweet and definitely fresh (crispy on top, soft on the inside, and toasted). The burger was cooked medium; the bacon was crispy, salty, sweet; you get your choice of swiss, cheddar, and blue cheese.  It comes with lettuce, tomato, red onion raw, and 2 fried onion rights w/jalpeno sauce.  

We also ordered the prime rib Sunday special. For $36.95, you get 12 oz prime rib with 3 sauces; 1 side, 1 salad, 1 dessert.  (We actually got 2 sides in lieu of a dessert, which was very nice of Flemming's to accomodate the request).  The chipolte mac cheese was fine although a little bland and we liked the creamed spinach.  The cesar salad was just okay.  The complimetnary piping hot bread with two spreads was delicious.

The service is excellent and the food was delivered reasonably fast.  

Go to Costoc to get your $100 GC for only $79.99.
Went to Fleming's for Happy Hour.  Had their $6 bikinitini and substituted grapefruit juice for the orange juice.  YUM!!!  My husband and I both ordered their happy hour hamburger.  It comes with 2 delicious onion rings.  Just the right amount.  Our server, Janelle, was excellent.  She was extremely pleasant and was patient when we ordered and asked questions.  5 stars to Janelle.

My only complaint is that we ordered our hamburger medium rare and it came out medium/medium well.  Lucky enough that it still tasted great.  I notice from the other comments that this seems to be a regular theme.  I hope Fleming's takes this into account.

We definitely will be back.
First, the good news.  The service is stellar from the moment you walk in the door.  The host/ess is warm and welcoming.  The bartender greets you with a smile.  Everyone is super polite and helpful.  This makes eating at Teresa Caffe a very pleasant experience.

Now, the not-so-good news.  The food wasn't great!  Even fantastic service cannot make up for sub-par food.  I had the Perfetta pizza with arugula and prosciutto and was not overly impressed by it.  With how quickly the pizza came out, I suspect the crusts are par-baked ahead of time.  I really had high hopes, given how wonderful the whole experience had been up until that point, but I was disappointed.
Food is good but the service is crap.
Where do I start with this overrated chain restaurant????? 

First off I was in town for the USC vs. Stanford game and had reservations for a group of 8 after the game..... We walk in and it seemed nice for the most part nothing spectacular. So, we go to the bar and wait to be seated I ordered a Budweiser and a Sam Adams winter 12.00 not including TAX and tip, strike one. Finally we sit down the table get s a round of waters and some of their complimentary bread with cheese spread and some sort of olive tapenade. THAT WAS THE BEST PART OF THE WHOLE MEAL!!!!!!!! sad. I order the Ceaser salad and the New York "prime" bone in and told Mr waiter guy I wanted it cooked MEDIUM and asked for the special Bearnaise with it. My daughter asked if she could order the mac n cheese without chipotle he told her yes no problem. Meanwhile as we are waiting for more than 45 minutes for dinner myself and another couple in our party made TWO trips to the bar for more drinks cuz we were ALL bone dry. Ill give you that this place was packed because of the college football game but come on knowing SC is in town and you are going to be super busy you should have the proper amount of staff to accommodate. No, apparently our waiter who told us he had 4 tables total including ours was sooo busy and using that as his excuse to not be able to get us drinks in a timely manner and dripping sweat while taking our orders. hilarious! When I spend the amount I did on my bill I expect good service. So, the mac n cheese comes out turns out they use smoked cheddar so even if you order it plain with no chipotle it tastes the same as if you order it with chipotle. Someone else at the table had it with chipotle and it tasted NO different it just had a little crust on top. Seriously I have had wayyy better cheese that my sis cooked! So, my steak comes out which it looked promising and perhaps worth the $45.00 I paid for it. WRONG! The meat was so rare it was still moving I swear and there was soooo much fat on it I felt a mild stroke happening strike 2. ick! on top of the fattiness and the blood seeping from it every time I stabbed it there was NO Bearnaise which I mentioned to the sweaty busy unattentive waiter who says "Oh let me grab it." Ok first off when I order Bearnaise I want it put on top right when its pulled from the grill so it kinda melts on top. I don't want it in a small troff after all cold and shit. So, I dip my finger in it and taste it and christ on a cabbage crutch it tasted like super sweet powdered or jarred Bearnaise! HORRIBLE! maybe it was due to the fact that it was so busy in there that we couldn't get good service let alone food that was cooked right and tasted worth the price we paid. 

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!!!! I'm sure the Cuban place down the road on California is way better which is where I wanted to go to begin with! DAMN Flemings you have gone to shit in a handbag! TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!!!
I love the tapas!  The open faced burger was juicy, the bruschetta garlicy, and the cheeses smelly.  If you split a couple things with friends, it's truly affordable.  

My only issue is that if you don't know much about wine or cheese, you might be kinda lost.  Some restaurants bring out a cheese cart and explain what everything is.  Here, they just have the names of cheeses written on a board and you just have to guess at what you might like.  I lucked out in that I liked my cheese but my friend didn't care for it so that left me with a chunk of goat cheese to eat on my own.
Two and a half great things about Shay's:

1. Carefully chosen beer and wine list, at reasonable prices

2.  Low-key, unpretentious room, bordering on a dive but without sticky floors and the bathroom usually isn't disgusting.  Similarly low-key crowd.

2.5.  In the warm months of the year, outdoor seating
Wines - great selection, and both the reds I tried were delicious. I can't wait to go back with friends and get a flight.

Dinner - Love that they have half plates. I went there with my bf and we split three dishes. The monkfish was great, and omg it was cooked absolutely perfectly. The skirt steak was also great, and the little mushroom puff things that came on the side were really delish. We had the lamb osso bucco also, but that dish was just ok. The lamb was a bit overcooked, but the polenta that came with it was nice.
Patio saves this joint. Food used to be cheaper. Hipster haven.
So I did thoroughly enjoy the wine event there during the September wine series thingy. 

However, the entire staff at this place is lacking. I find the food very good but the staff and service no where near it. 

First off, they charged my Boyfriend THREE TIMES for the event - when I had already paid for it 2 weeks earlier. Ok OK, you got a new credit card system - so VOID the 3 charges! NOPE a week later only one has been removed. I pray they get it figured out before he stops there after work and creates a scene.

Second we had a reservation for after the event - 4 people, 7pm. AGAIN, made about a week or two prior. No seats available for us. We sat in the bar. The problem with this was a TOTALLY overwhelmed cigarette stinking bartender was our waiter. I felt bad for him honestly. He was exhausted and overworked. He did not know the specials, had trouble with our orders and was awkward - again probably bc he rarely handles tables. sucks to be us.

Mushroom raviolis - very good
Beef carpaccio - pretty good
peppercorn steak - very good
Bread - good
Chipotle mashed potatoes- very good
Chocolate souffle - very good

Flemings - I may end up giving you one more chance. I like your food. But if your staff suck again I will never come back - I promise.
I had a wonderful experience last weekend at Mercato. Upon arriving, the place looked crowded with no tables available. A very nice man approached us and told us the truth about the wait. We waited for only 20 minutes, from what looked like an hour wait when we looked in from outside! This place is sophisticated, with comfy booths and nice tables. The lights are romantic and warm. There is a bar and kitchen on the right side and the tables are on the left side. The staff were prompt and polite and made us feel comfortable. 

Now lets talk about the food. EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT! I am not exaggerating one bit. It's like they specifically invented what's on the menu. The food is that good! I had seafood chowder, calamari, and the bolognese. I have no complaints about anything. The bolognese was different from what I'm used to, but it was delicious. These people really know how to cook tasty food. 

The last thing I'd like to talk about is the chocolate cake. I consider myself kind of a chocolate connoisseur and I must say that their chocolate cake is the most scrumptious and perfect cake I've ever had. It looks like a piece of pie and a brownie combined. However, it cuts like butter and tastes like heaven! 

I am truly impressed by Mercato and you must experience it for yourself! It's one of Ithaca's new secrets!
I have now been here three times, but i will only include information about the last two because i think they changed the chef between the first and second time.

The second time.
I was with a friend for drinks and dessert. We had just come from happy hour at another downtown restaurant, the melting pot, where we had happy hour with a couple glasses of wine, and then followed up at vinology because we wanted more wine. We got $6-7 glasses at each place, but the ones at Melting Pot were far superior. At both places, the wine was at the lower end of the price scale, but I expect even the cheapest wine to be consumable at a place called vinology. We also ordered dessert, however, which was to die for. it was a pound cake with lots of fruity stuff.

The third time (last night). 
They had an extended restaurant week menu, and it was part of the Artini martini crawl. I looked at the restaurant menu and wanted nothing enough to order off it. There were three courses for each: a starter, dinner, and dessert, which you think could be plenty, but they were either raw things or heavy meats. My partner ordered a soup from it that was great though (more about his meal later). 

The regular menu was hard to choose from too. Either it seemed too expensive for the description or it was heavy, raw meat (if you are into that, give it a try or read other reviews perhaps; it is just not my thing). The only things that were appealing were desserts. I ordered a flatbread pizza, though. it was good. the sauce was a little sweet, and it was only a pizza, but it also was kinda high-end (scented with rosemary, i think), enough to share some, and only $10.

So you know this place has a mediocre selection, but it is really the service that got me. We waited at least 20 minutes for our first course, i would say the same for our 2nd, and in another 15 minutes two desserts came (both were delicious), but not mine. The server was courteous, and nice, although slightly forgetful at times, but who can begrudge that? it was pretty busy. he apologized when i asked to cancel the dessert because my friends were nearly done and he still didn't have it. I don't think it was all him. It seems to be a systemic problem. When i was trying to figure out the martini crawl, people seemed a little confused. Also, when we asked for a table, they said 45 minutes, but there were tables in the bar that we had to ask for.

I would really recommend going there just for dessert, if you have to go. The ambiance is nice in the booths, and I really like the decor. I wish the service, wine, and selection was better. Like i said, some parts of the meals are good, but for the most part, i don't see it as worth the prices.

One last note with an ethos of full transparency: my partner was really sick last night pretty soon after we ate (he had the lamb ravioli). We are guessing food poisoning, but not sure. I had another friend who ate the same meal he did, so i will confirm when we talk next. He is really, really sick. I didn't include that in my review because it was not my experience. He can write his own review.
When given the responsibility of choosing the place for dinner, I almost always select a steak house and Fleming's is becoming one of my "go-to" places.  The food is amazing and the 100 wines by-the-glass are very impressive.  I try a different wine every time I dine there and I am impressed every time.

I ate there last night and Brian, the wine manager, helped me select a wine which would pair well with my dinner.  I had the Rosenblum Syrah.  Not only was it delicious, but the price was right!

I have ordered many different things in the times I have eaten there.  All the steaks are delicious.  I have tried the filet, the ribeye, the double-cut pork chop, and the lamb.  Last night I was introduced to the Sunday night Prime Rib dinner special.  What a value!  I got a salad, a huge portion of prime rib, a side item, and a dessert for less than $30.  I was so impressed with everything.  You have to try the carrot cake!!!!

I usually sit at the bar when I dine here.  The bartenders are all very professional and friendly.  Plus, they always have a current sporting event on one of their two flat screen TVs.  I will definitely be back again and again.  Keep up the good work!!!
I had a great Shays experience - had never even heard of the place but went to meet a friend there. I happen to love chips and salsa, so I was totally thrilled to see that it was their side instead of french fries (which are available if you want them). Also, bonus points because they gave me extra salsa. The food was good too, and the prices really quite decent for Harvard Square.

I also happened to be waiting for my friend when the earthquake struck this week. I'd ordered myself a glass of wine (I was really early, so figured might as well enjoy my wait) so when everything started shaking, I looked at my wine concerned that I had unwittingly drank too much. Let's be honest here, that's much more likely than an earthquake in Boston.

But, bonus points again for letting me sit on the patio nursing my glass of wine for an hour without asking me to order anything. A great summer spot!
I got the Mista salad and the Fico pizza, and both were excellent.

If it's Friday or Saturday, arrive early or else be willing to wait.  This joint is jumpin'!
What is with the rave reviews of this place?  Is it USC?  Did every 21-year-old on campus discover this wine bar and start to feel sophisticated?  Because usually 4.5 stars with over 300 reviews means a reliably wonderful dinner.  That was not my experience.

Granted, Matt and I went on a Friday night, which I will tell you now is a horrible idea.  The place is small and very popular.  We put our name down and were up against an hour wait.  Fortunately, the staff encourages standing around the bar.  The downside, of course, is that the area gets crowded.  The host explained to us that we could order wine and food while we waited, and I misunderstood him.  This was my bad - I thought we could order our food so it would come as soon as we were seated.  In my defense, his wording was vague and I didn't think it was possible to eat dinner standing around the bar.

We did order a couple of glasses of wine right away.  The choices were listed in chalk on one wall, which was a pleasant touch, and I asked the bartender how she liked a couple of the listed wines.  In response, she gave me tastes of the wines, without so much as a word.  I appreciated the samples, but it was clear that she didn't know anything about the wines.  This bartender was also pretty bitchy to us at the end of the night, but more on that later.  The wines were decent, if not special.

Once we put in our food order, the food started to come out pretty quickly.  As soon as I realized the misunderstanding, I asked a waiter to send out the rest when we actually sat down.  He said he would do what he could to communicate that to the kitchen, but he failed completely.  We ordered six items and the $2 bread, and every single thing came out while we were standing at a short counter near the bar.  The last items were scallops and petit filet - there is no way that these had been started when we put in our request.  I understand that part of this is my fault, but once we made our intentions clear, I think the staff should've made a tiny bit of effort to make our experience better.

All might have been forgiven if the food were as good as I expected.  This was just not the case.  The best dishes were the ones that required little more than assembly, and some of the food was simply lackluster.  Moreover, I thought the prices were really great when looking at the menu, but the miniature portions mean the owners make a killing every time someone walks in the door.

The baguette with olive oil was good and crusty, but $2 for sliced bread seems criminal.  After that, we got more bread, with expensive things on top.  First was prosciutto di Parma with sweet butter and baguette.  This was excellent quality prosciutto, and thus a success.  Same with the burrata Di Stefano with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and grilled sourdough.  The cheese was oozy and oily, and the salt and pepper made it vivid.  We also got the bruschette, which came with two sizable pieces, each split in half for easy sharing.  The tomato and basil was a great basic, and I loved the one with roasted garlic, balsamic vinegar, and basil pesto.  It was sweet and pungent, and my breath was deadly all night.

The rest of the food involved a little more cooking, and the results were not favorable.  A margherita pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella was so boring I left it alone after a couple bites.  The pan-seared scallops with garlic parsnip pure, crispy capers, and white truffle oil were pretty tasty, at least.  The scallops were of fair quality, cooked gently, and the flavors of the dish came together nicely.  Unfortunately, the meal ended with the petit filet, which was actively bad.  The meat was sliced thin and served with thyme, lemon, and sea salt.  Perhaps this was one steak dish that would have benefited from more embellishment - some distraction was needed to mask the stringy consistency of the poor quality meat.

When we got the check, we presented our server with a Groupon.  By "our server" I mean one of the three or four servers who tended to us haphazardly throughout the meal.  The bartender from earlier in the night came back with the adjusted check and started to explain how it had been broken down to include the Groupon.  She was talking to us like we were morons, so Matt said something like, "Oh, so this is the pre-tip amount?"  She must have felt interrupted, because she glared at him like he'd insulted her paraplegic mother.  It was so crazy, I thought I'd imagined it until Matt mentioned it later.  I'm deducting a whole star because of that spiteful look, as it really colored our experience.

In an ironic turn, I bought two Groupons for Mignon right before my visit to Bacaro.  I'm much less excited to visit Mignon than I was Bacaro, but I suppose I will at least be less disappointed.  As for this place, I doubt I will find my way back.  The food was decent, but not worth any kind of hassle, and I hope I never see that dumb bitchy bartender again.
Gorgeous, cozy, and delicious. Ben was our waiter and he was lovely-- knowledgable and friendly. We loved the thinly sliced goat cheese that looked like a flower and tasted luscious. All in all, Biba is a much needed addition to University City!
After being treated like crap at TOWN, we drove to Flemings! Thank goodness! Matt our service was on top of everything and the food was perfect. I would most def go back.
This is an OK restaurant.  A good family place if you're visiting Princeton. The food is solid, but somewhat bland.  It is a pleasant casual setting with friendly staff. They have a decent draft beer selection, but mine was served in a dirty glass.
What is it that us Brits like so much about Shay's? Does the pub style remind of me British pubs? No, not really - it's too dark and small, more of an Irish bar. Is the beer and food selection very British? No, again not really - just typical Boston pub stuff. So what can it be?

Well, I think it's two or three things... Firstly, as Rina says, it's laid back and this is what we like in British pubs, somewhere to go relax and spend the day without needing to make anything special out of it. And secondly as many of the rest of the reviewers here point out, it has the huge draw of outdoor seating and us Brits really miss being able to drink on the streets when we're here in the USA. Nothing beats an afternoon relaxing with beers by the sidewalk and watching the world go by whilst you put the world to right with your conversation.

And the third draw? It's just where Brits go, so more will follow. I noticed this one afternoon in November when it dawned upon me that along with my two visitors from London, all the other strangers around us were also British. Turned out one of these strangers had even got into a fight with my visitor when they were at school together. An awkward but surprising coincidence indeed.
Thought I reviewed this place already but apparently not... here goes.

The restaurant is pretty good for Italian in SLO. Not the best, but here is where I DO find one of the better fried calamari plates. Mmm.. I like them more than the hubby though; I thoroughly enjoy the "baby" calamari here, as it is delicate and never chewy, but he, on the other hand, prefers a more hearty serving. Ah well, just difference of opinions. 

Everything else is pretty simple, nothing too lavish, which is alright for a dinner that's nice but not too nice... When it gets crowded, the dining room does get noisy, but it doesn't have the physical feel of a cafeteria or anything so the senses level out. =] 

...oh yea and the BAR DOWNSTAIRS!!! How can I forget this place, one of my earlier obsessions when it came to finding my downtown night scene niche. Not trashy like other places downtown thank goodness but also on the smaller side. A few notable memories at this place: listening to my friend and his band jam hip-hop jazz music, watching the bar tenders do the fire breathing act and all of us going crazy, and learning the proper way for a lady to order a drink: elbows on the bar, cross arms, lean forward and SQUEEZE to get bartender's attention!
Food is decent (chicken and braised short rib sandwich are good) and love the root vegetable chips.

Great outdoor patio area.

Only reason I'm not giving it 4 stars is the food doesn't live up to the prices.
Back in the day when I was a baby Bruin, yet not knowing the real world, I would always see this fancy place with the outdoor patio, but NEVER really wanted to go in because it seemed a bit upscale for my taste.

A friend decided that he wanted to try this place, thanks to dineLA. I was curious to see why the lunch was $22, but looking at the other restaurants, $22 was a decent price. But was the price worth it?

First off the bat, we were greeted by the hostess, who directed up to a table. I was slightly confused, considering the fact that we had reservations, and we were randomly seated at a table. And right across from our table was a booth, with the sign "reserved" planted down.

Looking down the dineLA menu, I already knew what I wanted on this rainy day; the Tahitian Squash Soup, Marinated Ahi Salad, and Cheesecake Trio. I picked on a few things my friend ordered, but my review will be on what I ate.

- Tahitian Squash Soup: very sweet for a squash soup. I was really surprised that squash was this sweet. Loved the consistency, texture and flavor. Wish it came in a bigger bowl so I can swim in its silky goodness.

- Marinated Ahi Salad: for some reason, I thought the salad was suppose to have seared ahi. Never the less, it wasn't the best salad I had; if the ahi was marinated, all I could taste was raw. Not that I don't mind it, but there wasn't much marination going on for the ahi to swim in. Also, the salad was a bit salty, but I didn't realized why it was until I read the anchovy dressing.

- Cheesecake Trio: pretty interesting concept. However, being a person who makes cheesecake and had pretty good cheesecake, it wasn't my favorite. The texture was a little dry for my taste, and I was confused as with cheesecake was which. I do like the fact that it came in half-dollar coin rounds, not a sliver of a slice from an actual cake. I would have to say the lemon verbana was my favorite out of the other two (goat and honey.)

The reason why I gave it a four, great service from the staff. In fact, when I asked where the restroom was, one of the servers walked me to the hallway of where it was. Talk about customer service!

However, the reason why the place lost one star is the cleanliness of the silverware and plates. Within the time I was there: 

- I saw the bread plate to the right of me had a black dot, but the hostess removed it as soon as we sat down. 
- My fork has a water stain, and I didn't noticed it until after I ate.
- I didn't know about my water glass until after dessert came, but there was some weird brown stuff floating at the bottom of my glass, and I didn't touch it after I saw it.
- Also, I noticed at another table, a man asked for another fork.

As a whole, I wouldn't come back here because of the cleanliness problem. Also, the food from the dineLA menu wasn't too great, and I was hoping maybe their menu outside would be better, and it looked like it was, and the price was probably not worth for what I paid.
This place absolutely blew my mind. Their lamb chops are hands down the best dish I have had in years. I don't know what the sauce had but it was truly memorable. Congrats to the chef. If i ever return to Ann Arbor it would be to eat here.
Granada is a breath of fresh air in SLO-town. We all love Bulls and Black Sheep, but there are times when we want an intimate setting to drink a glass of vino and relax. All of Granada's wines are foreign, which is great since we are in the middle of wine country and most local restaurants carry the same local wines. The food is delicious, and the girls who work here are great for chatting up while your enjoying a chardonnay or syrah. The decor is funky and eclectic, which gives the space a very European feel. All in all, a great place to take a date or just enjoy a chill night in San Luis Obispo.
made it to happy hour on a monday.  got there at 6:00 and was seated right away, but a line started forming right after we arrived.  on mondays wine by the glass is only $5!  and happy hour menu (5-7pm) is the normal menu except all the plates are $5! non happy hour prices are $8/plate or 3 plates for $21.  service was super fast and as soon as we finished one plate, the next would arrive!  favorite dish was the stuffed eggplant with lamb and a fried lemon chip.  for 2 people, we ordered 6 plates of food, 1 dessert, and 4 glasses of wine. the bill came out to $55!  UH-mazing.  seating is not ideal for large groups, but if you have a party of 4, it's perfect.
Do you ever go to a place and just get overwhelmed?  I went here tonight with a friend before a show at the Power Center.  I don't live in Ann Arbor.

What a sensory overload!!

Here are a few things that make this restaurant five stars:

1.  Ambiance - Very beautiful

2.  Servers are well trained (plates removed quickly, refills very often, great suggestions of wine pairings, but if a wine bar didn't do that, they wouldn't be a wine bar, right?)

3.  The food is very high-end, but not ridiculously pretentious or off the rocker.  

4.  Every glass of wine can be poured half, meaning you can try more varieties of wine, without breaking the bank.  We were able to sample 5 different drinks (champagne, a white, 2 reds, and a dessert wine) whereas at most restaurants I limit myself to 1 or 2 for obvious reasons (financial, as well as blood/alcohol content).

5.  Every entree on the menu can be made into a half entree.  Again, you can enjoy more selection, while paying less.  (In this case, we ordered 2 appetizers instead of 1, and each a 1/2 entree, plus dessert, rather than a full entree and no dessert).

The chef is CREATIVE!

6.  The menu is seasonal, so it changes 4 times per year.  I absolutely love a local/seasonal style restaurant.

It's an experience...it really is.  Will definitely be going back.
Went here with my friends to celebrate the end of finals, and it was fantastic! The guys working that night were really cool about things and tried to make sure we got to a table as fast as possible. The happy hour prices really made my college student's wallet incredibly happy! The food and wine was great, and I was really excited to find a place so close to school that serves delicious bone marrow (:

One thing that made me pause a bit- while ordering a cheese platter, we opted for a goat's cheese that was described as creamy and soft. When it came, it was hard and flaky (almost like a parmigiana). When we asked about it, the guy said that it shouldn't be like that and went into the kitchen to check, and then came right back out and said that he had made a mistake and it was indeed a goat cheese! A little suspicious, but everything else made it really easy to brush the incident aside. 

Will definitely be back here again, very soon!
A darling place...so cute and a great idea. Great food and wine...
Not 5 Stars because it took so long to even order our drinks and 1st round of food.

Otherwise, the place was fantastic!  It is a small place, like other reviewers mentioned, but it's worth it.  When we were there all tables but one were full on a Thursday evening.  No trouble with parking, enough street parking.  What we got:

-Olives & Almonds: Very tastey and ate it throughout our meal.
-Poached Shrimp:  I'm not a fan of cold shrimp, but this was really good.  The sauce was a little sweet, but it overall had nice flavor.
-Bruschette:  Had the Roasted Garlic & Dalia's Bell Peppers.  Wow, both of these were awesome.  I don't have a fav of the too, just so yummy.
-Artichoke Hearts:  This one was probably the tamest in bold flavors, but I really enjoyed it, this dish had more subtle flavors.
-Grilled Panini:  This was good, nothing dramatic about this.
-Grilled Chicken:  This one had a lot of flavor, but the sauce was a little on the sweet side, almost too sweet.  This actually tasted better dipped in the sauce that came with the Poached Shrimp.
-Deconstructed BLT:  I was very surprised how delicious this was.  It's kind of hard to eat cuz it's hard bread, and if you break the bread in the wrong part then you can't put your BLT on it, but it was still very flavorful.

I would definitely come back here.
I am commenting on 2 aspects of the restaurant: a dinner and a private event. 

Dinner was great. It was a fairly busy weeknight which was nice because it's a large space and there was a good buzz of people. The crowd was a mix, but mostly older than your usual Westwood crowd. There are a lot of parking options in Westwood - meters, parking lots, and valet.

I had the Napa chopped salad with chicken. It was fantastic and looks delish too - hearty yet light, very filling and a very generous portion. A mix of what seemed like a dozen ingredients, but it all worked wonderfully. I do wish it had more beets and less of the rice/barley but a minor preference. I would definitely come back for this salad if I were in the neighborhood. My friend had the pork chop and I tried a bit and it was really good too - also a large portion. For dessert, we had the bread pudding. Presentation-wise, I was less impressed with the bread pudding, but taste-wise, it was fantastic too. Not too sweet but still quite decadent. Service was good - attentive with a smile.

For the private event, I have to mention that I didn't attend the actual event but organized it. I picked NVG because I like the decor for a work-related event or outing. I would call its decor business casual - definitely fitting for a professional event, yet not too stuffy. There's a mix of private and semi-private rooms that offer a more cozy feel or a more spacious one. They have photos online but I think the rooms look nicer in person. Cost of the rooms are comparable to similar spaces. Points for having a robust food/bev menu for private events. 

The negative part of my event experience was the planning part. I had a tough time getting hold of their Events contact whether it was by phone or email. I would leave a voicemail or email but wouldn't get a response so I'd have to follow up again. When I finally got an email reply, it was outdated and the questions already answered by phone. It came across as disorganized or as if they didn't care about my event. During this time, I kept thinking I would not use NVG again for an event. Then, about a week before the event, another person from their Events dept. started getting in touch with me. She was much more responsive, and I was able to finalize details, etc. 

As for the event itself, I got a detailed review from a colleague. Food and decor were wonderful, but there was a problem related to a service/staff error that was a pretty bad mistake - though not noticeable to anyone except us, the organizers. It was a pretty significant error, but also isolated to that one person who made the error.   

So overall, to conclude this long review, I'd come back for a lunch/dinner if I were in the area but wouldn't make a special trip for it. And for events, I might consider them again or recommend them, but it would be with hesitation.
I came to Bacaro with a group of friends (including Janani S and Nancy D) as a middle of the week, "let's bring the weekend to us" get-together. There were nine of us. Thankfully we had a reservation, because even on a Wednesday, we would have had some problems getting a table in this tiny place. 

Now, I really did the style of this place. There's a whole chalkboard wall full of special selections of wines by the bottle and glass, as well as the cheese listings. And the ceiling was decorated with empties. 

The vibe is essentiallya hip wine-focused tapas bar. And it certainly delivers.

I just had a couple gripes. The tables and chairs are really un-utilitarian. The tables are stylish dark-stained wood, where the planks aren't flush to each other, and aren't level with each other. Every time I put my wine glass down, it would slide down a little. And since the seats on the walls were booth-like, and you had to slide down, you needed to put your weight on something. And that was the rickety table with wine glasses on it. I expect they get a lot of broken glasses. 

Some of the plates clearly aren't worth the 7 dollars (the polenta cakes), but I'm always for tryin things and making your own mistakes. 

And god damn I love a good cheese plate (but why oh why must I select my own accompaniments and pay more for each I want). 

All in all, I really liked Bacaro. And the wine is really reasonably priced. And the staff was really nice and accommodating, even for our unwieldy party of 9. 

I definitely plan on a return.
This place is fairly expensive. Mostly out of price range for college students, but 4 stars nonetheless for the following reasons:

1. $12 for bottomless mimosas for weekend brunch. Um, yes.

2. I organized a fairly large dinner party here and the entire staff was incredibly helpful and accommodating from making the reservation on the phone to seeing us out the door. They even let us hang balloons on the backs of chairs and have free reign of the space. We had about 60 people on the heated patio, and it was the perfect venue for our end-of-the-year banquet!
This place is great for what is it, but it is not a restaurant. It's a great lounge -- great decor with low lights, comfy seats, good wine and beer and really nice woman running the place. The food is actually decent too, but it's really not the point of the place. And of that list of things that this place has to offer, the food ranks at the bottom. It also takes forever to come out. If you are hungry and want food, this isn't the place to come. The portions are pretty small too for that matter. 

That said, for a lounge and a place to relax, cuddle up, have a nice date, this place is a great place to go. For drinks and atmosphere, I would definitely return.
I came to Bacaro because I had bought a Groupon. Bacaro is a cosy, casual winebar. Most of the wines are European that aren't widely distributed. The food is served tapas style. Everything we ordered was delicious. 

For cold dishes, we got the caprese salad. It came with basil and pesto which complimented the mozzarella and tomatoes really well. We also ordered the Burrrata di stefano which is basically toasted bread with olive oil and burrata cheese. LOVED IT! Our last cold dish was the roasted rainbow beets which is an assortment of different types of beets. This dish was good but the beets were a little too firm. 

For hot dishes, we ordered the bacaro burger. This dish was AMAZING! It's an open face burger served on toasted bread with a cream sauce. I love that the burger was on a slice of bread because sometimes I feel like hamburger bun can be too much. You can also choose to have a fried egg on top for an extra $1. We also ordered the scallops which came in a puree sauce and white truffle oil. This dish was also good but only came with 2 scallops. We got the Noa's cauliflower which came in a aioli sauce with mixed greens. We also ordered the white pizza which came with bacon and scallions. 

For dessert, we ordered 2 nutella sandwiches, one with bananas and one with strawberries. It's nutella, you can't go wrong. YUM!

All the dishes were excellent. Our waiter was very friendly and helped us choose a bottle of wine to our liking. It was a great dining experience. I am definitely coming back even without a Groupon!
The bread pudding is disgusting.  I know I'm starting with the dessert, but it's how we ended our meal, so that totally took down my star rating.  I love bread pudding, so I was really excited, but we should have spared ourselves the money and the calories in trying it.

Everything else was pretty good.  The only dish I didn't love (besides the pudding) was the burger.  I anticipated a burst of flavors with the bacon, the fried egg, etc., but it was strangely lacking in taste.  I wanted to pour ketchup on it or find a salt dispenser.   I probably wouldn't order it again.

The chicken breast was great!  It was like a piccata, and it was topping this thick, savory hashbrown-type potato patty.  Sadly, this came out last, so we were really full at this point.  I wish it was one of the first items out.

The beet salad was flavorful with the salt crystals, but I was a bit overwhelmed with the amount of goat cheese.  The steak was decent (not great, but not bad), the macaroni and cheese was alright, and the scallops were tender and sweet.  I could have had more of the scallops.

The price was a little steep, however.
Excellent dining experience at Bacaro.  My wife & I recently went with a friend of ours and had a thoroughly pleasant dinner.

The salumeria selection offers a great way to start a meal.  In addition to both cured meats (try the speck) and cheeses, there are also some small plates (both hot and cold).  The menu offers a range of options from a full blown multi-course meal to individual options like pasta or wood-grilled pizzas.  Excellent wine selection as well, heavy on Italian wines though plenty of options from other regions.

Place itself is reasonably open w/ high ceilings.  There's seating both downstairs and upstairs, the former adjacent to the bar and the latter offering a view of the kitchen.  Service wasn't exceptional, though still very good overall.  But the food was definitely outstanding.
I've actually been a long fan of Toast's, even though I never put in a formal review.  But I have to say that despite it having been one of my favorite places to go in town when it first opened, the last three times I've gone, it's been a let down.  Don't get me wrong - it's not that it's bad.  It's just that, given some of the other options around Pittsburgh nowadays, I no longer find this acceptable.

The Chef's tasting deal on Tuesdays is a great way to introduce yourself to Toast, if you haven't been.

Last night, we went, and the food was meh.  Some of us ordered off the main menu, others went with the chef's tasting.  I got fried rice with escargots as my starter, and it was underwhelming.  I prefer escargot with tons of butter, and serving an Asian person fried rice is just insulting (I'm actually kidding a bit here, but I'll admit that I'm snobby about the fried rice).  My next course was salmon on carrot puree, which was excellent, and the highlight of my meal.  Next up was wild greens, which was a good salad, but nothing special.  Last course was skirt steak on pureed celery and glazed carrots.  And that was seriously overcooked.  As my tablemate said, it tasted like beef jerky.

So, I'll admit that I feel kind of bad, since I should have just sent it back.  But, I also don't think that the onus should ever be on the customer.  It's just a bad position to be in.

From now on, I'm taking my business elsewhere.  Salt is in this same price point, and infinitely more exciting and consistent in terms of quality.
Reservation for 6 on a Saturday evening at 6pm - so glad we had a reservation and beat the dinner rush!  There was long line of people waiting, starting around 6:45pm. 

Tried 9 dishes + 2 desserts with the 3 plates for $21 deal.  My favorites were the scallops, bacaro burger, and bread pudding dessert!  Our server helped us choose a bottle of pinot noir, which was very good. 

Warm, cozy atmosphere.  Service was okay...could've been better.  We each had to individually ask for a glass of water at different times instead of him asking if we all wanted a glass of water after one person asked. 

Found street parking by circling around - not too bad.  Looking forward to hitting up their beefsteak Sundays! 

A definite must-try for all USC students since it's so close, and it's one of the nicest places near campus with great food and wine.
I visited Flemings shortly after they opened for a business dinner, which means I expect exceptional service and food.  The ambiance and decor are beautiful.
The wait staff seemed junior.  The waiter was earnest and tried very hard to do his job well but seemed a little flustered each time we asked for additional items (extra plates for appetizers, more bread/butter, and water).
There were 4 of us and we all ordered our steak medium rare - the steaks all came medium well.  2 of us were brave enough to send the steaks back but it took a while to grill up a new steak and of course this flustered the waiter again.
We dined around 7pm and stayed till around 9:30pm but the place did not seem to fill up.  Again, it was new when we went there but who knows.
I am willing to try again so we will see how it is the 2nd time around.
Great lunch spot and as far as my beloved 'Wood is concerned it probably has my favorite patio. The food is good, not great, but then again, I enjoy errything any way. Come to enjoy an afternoon and soak it all in.
I am wholly impressed by the wine selection, the menu, the prices, and the overall vibe of this cozy little place.  

Hats off to you savvy mother fuckers is all I can say.  

Bacaro has great wines ranging from $5 to $10 a glass, all of which are rare or low production.  In addition to reds and whites they have sweet desert wines such as Moscato and port, pitchers of sangria, and also a small but tasty looking selection of draft and bottled beers.

For the first time in what feels like an eternity, I was pleased with every single dish that came to our table.  The dishes are small, so you can order a motley assortment of things:

-Bruschetta; a thick slice of deliciously crisp on the outside, chewy on the inside toasted bread, topped with your choice of tomatoes and basil, roasted garlic and balsamic, or a white bean concoction.  Favorite.

-Pan-seared scallops, leak, and butter sauce.  Favorite.  

-Butternut squash soup with creme fraiche.  Favorite.

-Mixed green salad with butternut squash and goat cheese.  (This was really good but there are limits to the excitement one carnivorous gal like me can feel towards leaves).

-Braised beef cheeks nestled in a bed of cheesy polenta.  Really good.

-Hanger steak.  **Note** this was good but  a little lackluster if only because it came with nothing else.  I recommend ordering some bread and cheese to go with it and you'll be good to go.  

-Mini-burger served on the same bread as the bruschetta and smothered in a fantastic sauce.  yum.

-roasted artichoke hearts with Parmesan (These poor guys came out last and compared to everything before them, they really never had a chance.)

On a final note, $25 Beefsteak Sunday?  Come on.  I haven't even been to that yet but who cares.  

Bacaro kicks ass.  No question.  No contest.
I had the penne pecorino with shrimp and scallops. Only problem is HONEY THEY SHRUNK THE SCALLOPS! About the size of a pencil eraser. If they want my five stars they have to put in real scallops lol. Otherwise was excellent just like the other reviews said.
Nice servers but painfully slow.  Food is good but relatively overpriced fOr the area.
I've been using yelp for a while now and I never felt the urge to review a place, until now. Last week, we finally went to Bacaro LA and I have to admit that it was one of the best dining experiences we've had in a very long time. The atmosphere is young and hip, the decor is appropriate and very comfortable and the food is awesome. Every single dish we ordered we wanted to order another one of, they were so good. We just didn't want to stop eating. By the end of the night we were so full with bites and bites of yummy original combinations of flavors, but we had to order the bread pudding. I can still taste that warm heavenly pudding covered in vanilla ice cream...
Seriously, we can't wait to go back to try all the other items we didn't get the first time.
If you love good quality, original and flavorful food, Bacaro LA should definitely be on your shortlist of LA eateries.
I've always been meaning to check out this place since USC's newspaper The Daily Trojan advertised it, and since BlackboardEats.com had a special promo for 30% off it was perfecto.  My friend and I came with seriously empty tummies and excited by all the wonderful Yelp reviews.

Due to blasted traffic we were running 30+ minutes late, but I called in and they very sweetly kept the "reserved" sign on our table even though there were people waiting and standing around.  The place makes me feel like I'm in New York - its small size and narrowness, the decor (loved the bold dark emerald wall!),  the chill atmosphere, the loudness of people talking and glasses and silverware... totally takes you away from south central.  There were two guys waiting and serving, but my only complaint about this place is that there were loads of people and they seemed a little frazzled with the amount of people to deal with.  We had to wait quite a bit for them to take orders, and they didn't come around once to check on how we were doing.  

Now onto the food.  We went during happy hour ($5/plate) and on a Monday (1/2 off wine), so I was ready to FEAST.  Started off some pinot noir and pan-seared scallops, which was tasty and really unique.  The scallop itself was ginormous, and the sauce + corn + tomatoes were hot while the scallop itself was a bit colder.  Why did they do that?  Felt a bit weird to me biting into the tomato, expecting it to be cold but almost burning my tongue on all the boiling juice inside.  Eek.  But delicious nonetheless and I especially loved the creamy sauce.  The grilled hanger steak was good too, I love the little rock salt sprinkled on it but that was a bit cold also.  Hmmm.

The white pizza was yummy also, but of course that's because there's bacon on it.  And bacon just makes everything taste better.  The garlic pizza is reminiscent of something that'd be served at the Stinking Rose, so be warned that while it's savory and delicious and the garlic melts like buttaah in yo mouf... you will leave with a breath that will be smelled for miles around.

Lastly, we had the goat cheese, mascarpone, and gorgonzola crostinis.  Goat cheese was meh, mascarpone was my favorite with the sun-dried tomatoes.  Good for someone like me who doesn't like heavy cheeses.  On the other hand, this was the first time I've had gorgonzola cheese and it was no bueno... I totally had a moment similar to Anton Ego when he tasted that ratatouille and had a childhood throwback.  But when I tasted that gorgonzola, I was transported back to the New England colonial reenactment villages I visited as a kid, and the gorgonzola smell/taste matched the inside smell of those rank houses.  Ugh.  Clearly not my thing.

Gorgonzola aside, I loved the food, price, ambience, and service here.  I'm definitely coming back for the famous beefsteak Sunday!  This place and the Ragazzi Room right next door are some of the few legit places worth visiting right around the USC campus.  This adds to the already too-long list of reasons why I wish I was still going to school... :(
I came here for happy hour the other day and while the deals are really good, I wasn't very impressed. I've been to the Newport Beach location for dinner once and remember really liking one of their steaks. However, I also remember thinking their Beef Wellington was mediocre at best.

But anyways, on to the happy hour. They have a $6 happy hour menu that includes a number of cocktails, wines, and bar food. You should probably get there early if you want a seat at the bar. I was there by 6 and already everything was taken. But admittedly, the staff here is extremely friendly and they allowed us to take advantage of the happy hour menu even though we were seated in the main dining room. What's even better is that the day I went, they were doing a free burger tasting. That meant that every 20 mins, a different type of small burger came out . We had: the sirloin burger, french fries, crab cakes, and the carpaccio. The carpaccio was my favorite of all of the dishes although the burger was really good as well. I really disliked the crab cakes though and while the fries were good, they weren't amazing.
Randomly happened to find this place, while searching for pizza. And it pains me to say this because the rest of the food was really good, but the pizza here sucked. I suspect they either didn't rest the dough or decided to use a rolling pin to make it because it was one thick, crunchy pizza. Don't get it. Although the garlic pizza was hilariously garlicy. Even more funny because you are sitting one foot away from your party. So, for the sake of remaining friends with my lovely friends, I picked off most of the cloves. 

Oh yeah it's tiny. You will be all up in someone's face/side/back. It's tapas, but the "table" can hold maybe 4 dishes max so don't come with a big group.

Now that that's out of the way.... the food was awesome. Had the burger, scallops, crispy pig ears, two pizzas, mac and cheese, ice cream, cookie dough weird thing and the pecan pie/ice cream/heaven. 

Also the glasses of wine are half price- awesssoommmmeee! The Sunday supper deal sounds great so I'll be back.
Incredible selection of vegetarian delights. The houmous platter was  certainly cool and refreshing this incredibly hot and steamy friday evening. Fresh cut vegetables, onions, tomatoes, cucmbers and sprouts. Fresh pita served withou utensils to Scoop the houmousy glop. OuTdoor tables and friendly, efficient service. 

Houmous was lemony and thick, full of Beany substance. Large beer selection
We had a bridal shower last Sunday and had a phenomenal experience. From beginning to end. Brett was very helpful in organizing the shower and assuring me that all would go well and it did. We had over thirty guests and everyone was treated royally. The room was beautifully set up and private. The appetizers, first course, and main course were all great. The waiters were terrific. Our chef was Leo who was outstanding. I would highly recommend this venue to anyone having a party.
The obvious comparison is to Palomino, just across the street.  Both are upscale chains, and both have extensive happy hours.  Here, it's from 3 to 7 and after 9 (and, I think, all day Sunday).

I never come here when it's not happy hour.  You see, at happy hour, prices are totally reasonable: appetizers range from $2 to $7, and these prices correlate fairly well with their size.  Most of these are good, and the $2 fish tacos are a stand-out.

Sadly, Napa Valley's $6 house wine is more boring and flavorless than Palomino's $4 house wine.  But Napa Valley is less crowded and slightly prettier -- better for a group of two or three, for sure, and worse for a large gathering.

Even more sadly, every time I've been here, I've been treated badly.  The last time I was here, it took me 20 minutes to order a glass of water.  Perhaps someone who doesn't look like a poor young graduate student will receive better treatment, but we lose a star for snobbery here.
Orgasmic! service atmosphere and food all fabulous! We had the mushroom ravioli appetizer and mozzarella and tomato salad with a cosmo. all great. our main course was the lobster and peppercorn new york cooked perfectly. finished off with an amazing chocolate lava desert and sambucca n coffee. Everything was wonderful. Heads up though, if you are going for the 5 for $6 before 7 you have to sit at the bar.
Decent atmosphere, drinks, and service. The food looked great. I will update once I dine!
Where do I start! What a great evening we had. My wife and I opted to have the pre fixe tapas offering which at $20 a piece makes this a $$$ establishment. With an ambiance reminiscent of a a well off artist's boudoir and seating for perhaps 12 to 15 this place is as intimate as it gets with great music, service, food and wine choices this is the place to go when you just want to be in a cozy place eat, drink and pay attention to someone special in your life.
My friend and i had a good meal here but it was not "great".  Very good appetizers chicken liver pts and a decent beet salad. We shared two main courses to experience more. The hanger steak was good -not amazing,as people report. The gnocchi was a bit bland and light on sauce or flavor so to speak.  Dessert choices looked good and I went for the pine nut tart as a result of another review here and and I'm grateful for yelp. It was really good.   The cocktails were good and interesting.  Service was great but really the only criticism we have is the atmosphere. 
This place has the ambiance of a Panera chain-like store. It was way over bright in need of a dimmer switch big time. The walls were decorated with generic posters that had hot spotlights just inches away, reflecting even more glaring light onto the already dental office-lit booths. I wouldn't be bothered if this was just a cafe or sandwich shop but food of this quality and at these prices, deserves better.
A very trendy wine bar and restaurant in the heart of downtown Ann Arbor.   It almost seems a little out of place, as if it were plucked out of NY or San Francisco and dropped in Michigan.  I wandered in here one cold November evening after not eating enough for dinner and was glad I did.  Deciding against a meal (focus here is farm fresh, sustainable, New American), I instead ordered a flight of wine (a pretty focused list) and a few tapas.  One of those dishes may be the best flavor combination I've ever had: Medjool dates stuffed with Point Reyes blue cheese (!!!) on a disk of housemade chorizo.  Sweet, salty, spicy in all in one bite.  Mouthgasmic.  I had inhaled the first plate of 4, before realizing I had flagged down the waiter to order another.   Will definitely order an entree next time I eat here.
USC students...I envy you...

I envy you for the mere fact that Bacaro is so local to you

Downtown folks...get ready Bacaro is opening Mignon sooner than you think..

::sigh:: 

If I were to stumble on a lamp while hiking one of these days, I'd rub it till it's sparkling clean and wish for Bacaro to move to Glendale =)

Sundays~AYCE hanger steak and AYCD for $25
Mondays~Half off selected wine glasses

Plates $7 and 3 for $19 ~ Who said you couldn't enjoy good food during our recession obsession.

Share with Others (Some of the things I usually order)

BRUSCHETTE:
Heirloom tomato
Tuscan white bean
Dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers 

CROSTINI:
Fresh goat cheese, Balsamic endive marmalade
Mascarpone, Sun dried tomato Tapenade 

GRILLED PANINI (Gruyere, heirloom tomato and basil)

The bacaro burger

Pan-seared scallops

Deconstructed BLT

Grilled Hanger steak

Margherita Pizza

Gimme Sugar:
Bread Pudding!!

*I just completely advertised myself as a garbage can for food.

As for wine:  Bacaro has some pretty good and decent selection of wines...If you come across something you like, you might want to check out K&L for the bottle.
Good atmosphere. Nice selection of international wines. Upscale professional patrons. Downsides: takes cash only, no liquor, meager cheese plate! Panini press fare is pretty good overall. I am tired if the cupcakes. What it lacks is far overshadowed by it's charm. Love the shabby chic, book club, European gastronomical style!
Give me a small divey bar and I'm happy.

Give that bar fun, friendly staff and I'm happier.

Add an awesome beer selection and I'm really happy.

Throw in some outdoor seating with great people watching opportunity and I'm all kinds of happy.
I've been here for dinner years ago and it was delicious, but came here last night for happy hour.  It's a great deal!  $4 wine and well drinks and delicious appetizers.  Had the fish taco (you just get one per order, but it's good).  Kobe corn dogs are great - served with a spicy hot mustard.  And the pizzarette was delicious and only $5 for 8 small slices.  

There are lots of places to go for happy hour in Westwood.  If you're looking for a more upscale atmosphere, without huge crowds, this is your place.
Vin Santo is a great new addition to the dining scene here. It's expansive, but they've done something with the place that really mutes the sound. I'm glad to hear the deviled eggs are better as when I first went they were bland. The raw tuna dishes were also great and very fresh.
The restaurant has great service. Nice atmosphere for a steakhouse. But the food is not great. 
The only thing I enjoyed was their Iceberg salad. Very fresh and crunchy. 

Steak and lobster were really really bad. We really really wanted to like it, but the lobster was flaky which translates "not fresh", and the steak's texture was really weird. 

We would not come back ever.
This review is based on the drinks during happy hour. My girlfriends and I sat in the outdoor patio in these comfy sofa lounge chairs with heated lamps. I definitely love the atmosphere here. It's sophisticated, mature, intimate, and classy.

I was a little disappointed in their drink selection for happy hour. I ordered the cucumber mojito here and was a little worried since I have had some that werent so great, but the waitress was raving about them so I was open to give it a shot. There was definitely a distinct cucumber flavor to the drink. It was refreshing and gave the classic mojito a twist. I enjoyed it but wasn't crazy in love with it. My friend ordered some flavored margarita on the HH menu, but she didn't like her drink too much. 

I think I'll give napa valley grille another chance for HH drinks and try some appetizers next time as well. I definitely love the atmosphere, it's a great place to lounge!
Decor was amazing. Felt very business like walking in here. Food was pretty good. The steak was flavorful, obviously well cooked with herbs and spices. The Caesar sald here to was also really good. Service was fast in my case and I got 3 refills in no time. I found this restaurant though to be more on the pricy side. Definitely will be a regular.
Cute place, not so cute neighborhood.  Be careful, you just might pass it up.  The seating was a lil too close for my comfort, however, the food was good. The burger was delicious. Great flavor! Tomato n basil and roasted peppers bruschette was....ok. Bacon n brie pizza was yummy, we LOVED the cauliflower, but the mac n cheese was bland (ask for a lil salt n pepper and you'll be ok).  Panini was good, but we hated the dessert (cookie dough, choc ganache, walnts n cream).  Ok service. For the place to be so small, I waited too long for a  glass of water....i'd go back.
It's as good as everyone says it is. We started with phenomenal apps -- cajun BBQ shrimp and a fleming salad. My wife got the sliced filet small plate and I got the porcini rubbed filet. We were both extremely happy with our main dishes. And of course the lava cake to top it off. It was phenomenal and well worth the price.
So I did it again.  I ate at a good restaurant and forgot to yelp about it until weeks later, so I don't remember many details :( All I remember is I'm a fan of flemings!

- Bread..SO GOOD.  Seriously.  Soooo good.  Eat it with the sundried tomato thing.
- Sweet chile calamari: crispy and saucy, not soggy or chewy.  I'll definitely order this again!
- Crab cakes: good, but IMO, I'd rather have the calamari
- New Zealand petite lamb chops: ordered this based on the recommendation of my server.  I have a small tummy, so it was the perfect size for me.  The lamb chops were yummy too!
- Walnut turtle pie: definitely more chocolate-y than I expected...not sure if I'd get it again.  Next time I'm gonna try their famous lava cake

Service left a lot to be desired.  I guess I'm not okay w/paying for the whole ambience that Flemings advertises if I don't get stellar service...I will however give a shoutout to the guy who refilled our water and bread.  He had a sense of humor and just this easygoing nature that made our visit more enjoyable.
perfect if you are in the mood for something light and some good wine or beer. very small dining area so i would have a backup plan if you don't have time to wait. cash only, but there is a bank of america atm across the street. all of the paninis i have tried are great and i had a salad once that was super good but i forget the name....
We went there on New Years Eve, and the service was outstanding as always ... just the food is starting to suck. The shrimp appetizer was gross, and then they don't offer the baked brie, nor the Beef Flemington any more. Flemings, please stop taking the good stuff off the menu ... I have to like your food to want to visit you!
I love to staff.. The UYE !
I'm definitely a fan of Bacaro L.A. My only complaint was that the food is a tad bit to salty, but other than that it's a great place to visit.  It's really convenient for usc students, such as myself, to go to and hang out with friends.  They serve the perfect amount of food.  My friend and I ordered and shared the three appetizers for $19.  We were full by the end of the meal.  One thing to keep in mind-you might want to make a reservation in advance.  This place has limited seating and gets crowded pretty quickly.
Love this place. All the bar tenders were very knowledgeable of the wines. My only disappoint was they stopped serving food. :(. They had great food.
This is a nice lil place. The outdoor seating on a warm night is quite lovely and the folks there really know their wine. Have been there twice and each time ordered the smoked chicken panino sandwich.....soooo good!
I went to this particular Fleming's with my girlfriend for our 1 year anniversary in January 08 and the food and service was spectacular. Our server made sure everything was to our liking and the the veal that I had was top notch.

Due to this great experience, I recommend and chose Fleming's as a celebratory college graduation dinner for me and some of my close friends in June 08. 

When I arrived at Fleming's I expected the same treatment as last time, but this was not the case. When our server arrived at the time I got a negative vibe from him right off the bat. During our entire meal he was inattentive and pretty much neglected my party. We had to literally get up out of our seats to flag him down when he was within 3-5 feet of us and he would just rush by our table when we needed assistance. Furthermore, he would forget to bring items when we asked for them and got our dessert orders wrong 3 separate times because he was yelling across the table about the dessert orders instead of taking the time to walk next to everyone to get the correct order. Lastly, he gave us the wrong check that was $122 less than what we were supposed to pay. If it wasn't for our attentiveness and good nature we could have walked out of the restaurant paying the lesser bill and leaving him to pay the difference out of his own pocket. We did ask for the correct bill and paid the correct amount, but at the same time felt insulted that he would give us the wrong bill after a night of horrible service. 

After the dinner, my friends and I left very unsatisfied because of the horrible service and one of them said he "killed" my mood. This was supposed to be a dinner to commemorate a momentous occasion of our lives, yet the server just spoiled it (at a fine dining restaurant no less). I also can't help but feel that because our table was full of college students and not adults, the server decided to not give us the same amount of respect.

Since this experience was a total debacle, I felt very upset and got on my computer the minute I returned to my apartment and wrote an e-mail to the guest services at Flemings. The next day the manager at the University Ln Fleming's called me back and apologized about the bad service and asked me to provide more details about what happened. In the end she offered me an all expenses paid dinner for my girlfriend and I, which I feel is very courteous of them, and also helped redeem themselves in my mind. 

This is why I'm giving them 4/5 stars. 4 because I had one good experience and one bad experience, and Fleming's was willing to own up to their mistake and provide me a free meal. The food was great on both occasions, but I cannot give them a 5 because I have not gone back for my free meal yet to see if the service would improve the third time around.
Went there for the DineLA resturant week last year
Great food & great service!

would love to go back again
Loved this place. Came here for the Yelp Wine Club event. 

The service was impeccable. The resident sommelier was informative, funny, and helpful. Most sommeliers that I have met come off a little arrogant or pompous but this guy was super cool and I would totally hire him to help host a wine tasting sometime.

Though the inside is a little small it's pleasantly cozy. The entire wall on the right side is basically a large chalkboard listing the current wines and food available. I love a place that has it's menu on a chalk board. Just gives you that sense that their menu is ever living and changing and that everything is fresh. 

The wines were obviously fantastic and the food pairing was spot on. Some highlights I had was the Pinot Nero Bianco, served with the grilled cheese and caramelized onion. I also loved the braised beef cheeks and Bacaro sliders. The were succulent and delicious. 

I can't wait to come back here for an entire dinner sometime.
I've been to Flemings too many times to count now and it's always a solid A.

Highlights/Tips:
- on my birthday they gave me a box of chocolate dipped strawberries
- happy hour is until 7pm; buy your $6 wine or cocktail and bring it to the dinner table
- you should make reservations - it's easy to do online on their website
- you DON'T have to valet park, you can go straight into the underground parking structure behind the valet stand and park on the first level for free (or, you can park at the self-parking structure at the Hyatt and get validated)
- plan a reception or private dinning at Flemings! Contact Jennifer Garrow, the La Jolla Flemings banquet manager. She is a delight to work with.
- get the FLEMINGS POTATOES!
- through January, the Sunday prime rib dinner is -$10 even though it's not mentioned on their menu or as a special at the table (just double check w/ your server); I think it's the best deal since you get to choose your own side and dessert. The Winter Prix Frixe is all picked out for you.

Note:
- they currently have a Winter Prix Fixe menu for $39.95; I would not advise on ordering the braised short rib, but, the apple-cranberry tart is a very good reason to order this set menu!
http://www.flemingssteakhouse.com/enewsletter-january/winter-prix-fixe.aspx
Came here for my birthday, reservation was made, but we had to wait another 10 min.We were sat down, right by a leaking roof.
We ordered a perfect wine, but our bread came 15 min. later and our appetizer came with our main dishes, it was not pleasant.
Our server didn't smile to us for the whole night.

My NZ lamb chop was good, to me it was a bit salty.
The grilled asparagus was too old. Couldn't swallow.

The Rib eye steak was ok, it had a smell, we couldn't figure out what it was. The side dish mushroom was good.

Overall I wouldn't go back again.
I went to Flemming a few years ago and I just remember being blown away by their food. The steak was superb and dessert was delicious; fresh berries with Chantilly cream. I would love to dine here again.
a small random place but AMAZING - i didn't really order the wine but next time i will. the tapas style small plates were seriously incredible. Each one kept getting better. Very close to USC. Part of me wants no one to know about this small place because its soo good. But the other part of me wants them to do really well because the one owner i met was a really great guy. 
Go to this place ASAP
I have been here before for drinks and liked it. But the food was so-so, the service was pretty poor, and the "specials" were actually bottled beers. Strange. It was reasonably priced. I would come back for drinks, but not for food.
We really enjoyed eating at Teresa's and have made many visits. There are many things to choose from, but I love to get the salad, pizza and a glass of wine. Parking can be a challenge and it's often crowded, but worth it.
Well, I've been to at least 7 different Flemings, from the flagship Newport Beach restaurant at minimum 20 occasions, Scottsdale and Tucson and soon the Palo Alto location.  I've never had a bad meal or a bad time at any of the Flemings.  I've always found the service from top to bottom excellent.  I've read many of the reviews so I'll have to see  for myself if the negative reviews have any merit.  The prices are pretty much the same whether you visit Ruth Chris or Capital Grill in Scottsdale for a great steak.  So prices aside, I guess we'll have to see if the service and meal are up to my standards.  Stay tuned folks
Came here the other night with the girlfriend for drinks, so this review pertains only to the bar experience.

Upon sitting at the bar and looking through the menu, the girlfriend asked the bartender, an older white gentleman who looked like the last thing he wanted to do was to serve drinks anymore that night, a suggestion for a lighter, sweet drink, from which he responded, "like coffee?"

Like coffee? Really?

We were both taken back by such a presumptuous response. Sure, we may not look like the oldest couple ever, but it's quite irritating and slightly rude to simply assume the person(s) ordering is under 21. If unsure, then card us, but don't just assume. And really, (and I could be wrong), but do you ever see people come to a place like Flemings at the bar at 10:30pm, 30 minutes before closing, to just order coffee? This being the ONLY time (other than George's of all places) that we were both carded, and we've been to MANY restaurants and bars, I felt slightly dissed and clarified that she was asking about mixed drinks, to which he simply asked, "IDs?" Luckily, the drinks we ordered were well made by him, though that was pretty much the only upside to the experience. We also ordered appetizers (fried chile calamari if I'm not mistaken) but, meh..definitely had better.
The food here is mediocre, and the overall experience lacking especially considering price point.  I've been here a few times, once with a couple of friends and two other times with big groups.  On the menu, the food sounds enticing, so when we actually ate the pasta/chicken/steak/whatever, we were very disappointed.  The food was dry, overcooked, and you could tell the ingredients weren't that fresh.  The only saving grace (if you can call it that) was the dessert, and even then, it was a "At least the dessert was decent" comment.

You know, it's pretty sad that Eno was so disappointing, since I've heard from others that it used to be pretty good, most notably in the customer service department.  Maybe they've changed ownership recently?  I haven't heard anything but horrible things about how the manager and the staff are either rude, incompetent, or both.  They don't honor their marketing materials, they don't care if they offend their customers, occasionally spill wine and don't apologize, and one time I heard a story of discrimination coming from this place.

I hope Eno gets good again, but I won't be back for a very long while.  A friend hypothesized that this place was just a front for some shady criminal organization; that's why they don't care how they treat their customers.  Good luck Eno.  Please get well soon.  And change management.
Ate here with friends, a big group of 10 people. There's not much space inside so we pretty much took up a quarter of the restaurant. That being said, there is a bit of a wait during busy hours. There's not a whole lot of room, even with the small tables, and it was difficult to find a place to even set down your glass.

Worth it? Yeah. The food was overall really well prepared. The Bacaro burger was my personal fav. We had two orders of the hangar steak and both tasty different, which was a little strange. Pizzas were top notch, although the roasted eggplant was a bit strange with goat cheese and fairly spicy. Even though I didn't like some things, the different tastes offered on the menu were very distinct. It just comes down to a matter of opinion. Portions small, but this makes it very easy to get a whole bunch of different items and share family style.

So my advice would be definitely try it as there's bound to be something up your alley! And also, try to make reservations or get there early otherwise you might starve to death watching other people eat while you wait.
I love this place so much! Really wish i could set up a tent at the corner and just live there forever! the mac and cheese is delicious as well as the poached shrimp and seared scallop. Seriously haven't tried a dish that I didnt enjoy yet!
The breakdown:

Pan-Seared Scallops w/ Carrot Puree and White Truffle Oil: 5/5
Bacaro Burger w/ Fried Egg: 4/5
Roasted Garlic Mozarella Pizza: 4/5
Cranberry Bread Pudding: 3/5
Nutella Panino w/ Strawberries and Bananas: 3/5

My Food Rating = A-

Ambience: 4/5
Service: 2.5/5
Clean: 4/5

My Experience Rating: B+

Location: 2/5
Hours: 4/5
Parking: 3/5
Wait: 4/5

My Convenience Rating: C+

Pros:

- Solid wine menu. 
- Creative food creations.
- For a small restaurant, it has a nice ambiance and a lot of character. Eclectic. The ceiling has a wine rack filled w/ wine, one of the walls is a chalk board menu.

Cons:

- Small restaurant, tables are small, and they pack quite a bit of tables in there. The person sitting next to you can hear you even if you whispered. 
- Took a while to get our orders taken. The place feels a bit understaffed. We sat there for about 10 minutes before any server came by. 
- Waited quite a while for food. All the food all came out at once and we ended up getting our dessert before the pizza.
- The portions are so small. With the 3 small dishes for $21, I think I could have ate at least 9 dishes myself and still been hungry. 
- The food, while innovative, were not amazingly good by any means. 
- Because of the unbelievably small portions, this restaurant should be rated $$$ instead of $$. We spent $66 between two people and left hungry.
- Only street parking, no lot. 
- Not a very safe neighborhood.


Tip: This is not a great choice if you have a larger group. And 4 people is a relatively large group.

Tip: This is not a bad place to bring a first date. 

Tip: The crowd here is mostly young college students. 

Tip: Try not to stare too long at the chalk board menu, the people sitting and eating right next to the board might think you have a staring problem.

Tip: Go During Happy Hour: Mon - Fri, 5 - 7 PM, $5 for all food. 

Tip: Wines by the glass are 50% Off on Mondays.

Tip: Beefsteak Sunday happens first Sunday of every month between 5:30PM-8PM. All you can eat grilled hangar steak, bread & butter, and roasted potatoes. The beer and red wine is AYCD. 2 hrs limit and $25pp. Reservation is required.

Bottom Line: Great place for wine and tapas. Not a great place to grub.
Yelp Wine Club UYE.

Parking is on the street.  Honestly, the locale is a little "suspect", but the 2 co-owners are both USC alum and wanted to bring a little something back to the community.  How philanthropic of them, hahaha.

But seriously, this place is, as John C. would say, "tits".  The place is small with dark wood plank tables and comfy (sort of) ottoman squares as chairs.  One wall is, like George S. said, is basically a big chalkboard that serves as their menu.  The server area/bar was well organized and the kitchen as well was "quaint".  Seriously, I took a peek inside and it was only about 15 x 10.  One cool thing about the decor was the ceiling... rows and rows of impaled wine bottles, with the lights shining through.

It was pretty cool because they seemingly closed the place down for our event.  They kind of had to because our group of 30-40 Yelpers filled the place out.

Santos was awesome.  He started us off with a Hungarian sparkling wine which wasn't too bad.  I'm not a super huge fan of sparking wines, but I was happy to try it out.  And throughout the night, he made a speech about each wine, briefly describing each wine, the maker, the grapes and what food he paired it with, even explaining why he paired it with such.

So without further adieu, this is what we had:

1. 2007 Biancale di San Marino, CONSORZIO di SAN MARINO which was paired with parmesan reggiano roasted artichokes.  The salty parmesan and earthy artichoke brought out some oaky notes of the wine.

2. 2007 Pinot Nero Bianco, Oltrepo Pavese, CA MONTEBELLO, paired with a grilled panino with cheddar and caramelized onions.  The sweetness of the caramelized onions brought out the "bitey" note of apples in the wine.  Erica F. said it was like caramelized apples.

3. 2006 Ruche di Castagnole Monferrato, MONTALBERA, paired with open faced Bacaro Sliders, which were made with.... bah... I forgot what kind meat it was, but was served on a square of toast and had a slice of shallots, cherry tomatoes halves, and a sauce which was good but I forgot nor could I immediately identify.  The cherry tomatoes helped bring out the cherry notes in the wine.

4. 2007 Cannoau di Sardegna, "Templum", CANTINA GALLURA, paired with braised beef cheeks on a creamy gorgonzola polenta.  Now, I'm normally not a fan of gorgonzola cheese of anything of the fungal cheeses, but I would have to say overall with the really tender and juicy beef cheek, was a good dish as well.  The wine was a little fuller in body and stood up well against the heaviness of the braised meat.

Thanks to Shelley for putting on an AWESOME event that made for a very informative and delicious night.

Boobs!  There... that's my comedy of the review....
I have been ate here on several occasions and I must say, I really enjoy the wine flights.  They are a great deal and it is fun to go with a few friends and try a bunch of different wines.

However, I would really like to see the kitchen at this place stay open in some capacity in a place like this.  When I am drinking wine, I need something to go with it, cheese, dessert...something so that I can actually taste what I am drinking.

Furthermore, I find the service to be hit or miss.  

I will continue to go here, but I wish they would make some minor changes in the management of the place.
I personally love this tiny place. It's cute and cozy and the wide open window to the street gives it a nice European feel. 
Although the menu is small, the girls do such a good job of making what they offer delicious in that tiny kitchen of theirs. 

There's nothing else like this downtown and I'm glad they opened this place...its refreshing to the usual stuff there is downtown. So my 5 stars is also for being something genuinely new for downtown Slo and I love it.
Overall nice atmosphere and delicious reasonable food. Went there on my recent visit to the burgh for a bday celebration and I was most pleasantly surprised. We had a very private table in the back which was nice since I was with my mother and sister and wanted to have a quiet conversation. Our waiter was very pleasant and not overbearing (hate that) and gave us honest opinions. They have a fairly small menu which I personally believe is the only way a restaurant can truly deliver excellent food and service. They also update and change the menu frequently based on what is in season and what they buy fresh which is also the only way to go. I ended up getting the hanger steak which came with mash potatoes and carrots, paired with their signature Toast sauce, which is red wine based. My sister ordered the new york strip with polenta and blue cheese and asparagus. That was my second choice. And my mother ordered a sea bass filet which was cooked perfectly, crispy skin and a variety of nice veggies. 
We didn't order off their wine menu, so I am unable to comment on that, however if it is paired well with the food I have no doubt it is just as delicious. For a started we ended up ordering mussels, which were tasty however I make a mean mussels in white wine sauce myself, but they were very good. The bread is baked fresh daily and they add hints of sea salt and various herbs to it which really sparkles. We had sea salt and rosemary, a divine combo.
So, if you are looking for a place in Pittsburgh that is reasonable and delicious with a nice laid back but classy atmosphere, don't hesitate to check this place out. I was happy with this choice. And I can be fairly picky.
I've dined here in the past and have never had a bad experience. Tonight we went for happy hour - it was great!  Crazy reasonable (beer $2-$4, wine $6, cocktails $6!) and the food was great.  Mac n' cheese was fab,  the kale salad was TO DIE FOR (yes, kale, to die for), rib eye sliders good (heard the tostatas were better thou) and nice bruschetta.  No where near as loud & crowded and Palamino gets, and a much nicer vibe. Will absolutely be back.
Shay's is one of my recent Harvard Square crushes. I feel drawn to its ultra laid backed, oh-so cool atmosphere and slight air of mystery.

Down a few stairs, the small interior has low ceilings, and dim lighting.  There's no loud music to interrupt free flowing conversation. It's a pretty relaxed crowd, and it's easy enough to stand to the side and just catch up with old friends without being bothered. People are also friendly if you're looking to make new friends, or hear a random stranger's life story. Outside the seating area is comfortable and offers up an interesting view of Harvard Square. 

Shay's is definitely a wine bar. They have an extensive wine list, and are never surprised when my group orders entire bottles while only standing at the bar. They just continuously line them up in cool marble ice buckets. The bartenders are friendly and fast, and never act put out. Shay's has that little found combination that makes it a place that I am comfortable at on a date, or with a group of my gals talking and laughing in the corner. 

All the time I spend in Harvard Square, and I feel like I'm just getting to know this place. But I think we're going to be good friends.
Probably my favorite restaurant in Ann Arbor.

I came here for the first time on a Sunday, hoping to enjoy a nice dinner with my girlfriend. Being here on a Sunday means that there was live music being performed, nice and smooth and set the atmosphere quite nicely.
We ordered a flight of four the first time and tasted a number of nice whites. We did not pair it with our meal, but regardless, both the wine and flatbreads were delicious. The service was superb as well.

The second time, I came on a Sunday purposefully, to have that same atmosphere generated by the live music performance. We ordered a bottle to share this time, on an excellent suggestion by our waiter. We had the flatbreads again, and they were as good as last time. I have to say that the pairing of the wine with the meal was wonderful, a nice, bold red.  Again, the service was attentive and excellent. We had a waiter-in-training this time, but he had a watcher making sure everything went smoothly. It was the watcher who made the wine suggestion.

I look forward, very much, to my next visit to vinology. Maybe we'll try something other than the flatbreads next time. The other dishes look intriguing, it just hasn't been what we've been in the mood for the past times we've been there.
I've been going there awhile, and as a guy with a good appetite, I know not to go if I'm really hungry; most of my friends call it "Plate Half Full").   But the food is good.   The 3-mini burgers are the best burgers in town (followed closely by Acme's).  

Service was simply atrocious the other night though.  We were there close to half an hour before we got waited on, and by then it was past the cutoff from dinner to late-night menus.   Pointing out the fact that we'd arrived prior to 10pm, twice, was simply ignored.  At least during the half-hour, my girlfriend called out to a waiter walking by the table, twice, and he simply ignored her.

My wine-drinking  friends say the wine selection/price etc is great, the best on town.   Unfortunately wine does not agree with me, and I like beer more anyhow.  The beer leaves something to be desired - just 4 choices.  Served in glass with residual soap film, so no head and flat taste.
They have beers here iv never heard of, and that always surprises me. The crowd is varied as well. mostly Its quiet, you can hold a conversation without getting annoyed. Not many young college kids.
I admit it, I'm a bit of a lush.  I'm a sucker for a well made cocktail.  And Mercato has it in spades.  The drinks are a bit expensive for Ithaca standards (it's not Dunbar's here), but everything on their cocktail list is deliciously mixed and phenomenally balanced.  Best drinks in town, by far.  It's just a shame they close at 10pm.  I'd love for them to stay open a touch later, even if it's just the bar.

Oh, and I guess they serve food?  Maybe I'll give that a shot one day...
Visited in December for dinner. My friend and I split a pizza and he had a couple of beers. He was thrilled with the selection of beers on tap since he's a bit of a beer snob ;) Bread baskets are delicious as mentioned! 

The only downside is that it is crowded and they tables are close together. Get ready to be a sardine. Also, as another poster noted, no reservations and if you come on a busy night you have to wait.
Another steakhouse you ask? Yes and I'm glad they've opened up this mid-peninsula location. We too were there for Wednesday nights' soft opening and the place made a great first impression.

Although near capacity when we arrived for our 8 o'clock reservation, we were seated immediately and from then on the service was on point and attentive.

We split salads of mozzarella/tomato and a wedge salad with blue cheese. Both very fresh with balanced flavors.

Entrees were generous portions size wise and no complaints from anyone on their meal which consisted of two bone in rib-eyes, grilled  salmon and a king crab and shrimp combination. The steaks were juicy, slightly charred and cooked to perfection. The salmon was moist and flavorful and the same went for the shrimp and king crab legs with not a hint of any of that dreaded "dried out" seafood bane.

Our sides included sauteed mushrooms (right balance of butter, garlic and white wine), Fleming's creamy house au gratin potatoes and creamed corn better than McKendrick's in Atlanta three nights before.

For dessert we all decided on the decadent chocolate lava cake and needless to say this was the perfect way to end our Fleming's night out on the town.

All in all it was thoroughly enjoyable and considering it was only their second night at full tilt boogie, the service and organizational level was  impressive.
Granada is impossibly even more awesome as each month passes! The menu, the people and vibe has evolved and in December, the swankiest, most creativly designed hotel SLO has ever seen (think Burining Man meets Chateau Marmont in LA) will be taking stage on Morro St. Get ready guys! At that point The Granada will be much larger so thankfully, I won't have to resort to dancing in the street which has happened more than one time ;) This place has S-O-U-L! Cheers to owner Kimberly Walker for haveing the cajhones to open something much needed in SLO-town.
Come here for happy hour and get the burger!  It is only $6 (normally $12) and is pretty damn filling and delicious. STRAIGHT QUALITY BOYEEEEE

Everything else on the happy hour menu sucks, about 2 stars out of 5.  Don't waste your time on these.

PROS: They validate for the parking garage!
Ugh.  This place looked nice, so we decided to give it a try before going to a show at the Fox at 7:30 (note the time).

We arrived at 6pm and were pretty much the first to arrive in the restaurant.  The server asked if we were headed to the Fox, we said "yes" and he said "Don't worry, we'll have you out in plenty of time."

At 7:05 our food arrived.  Underwhelming would be a good word for it.

My duck breast with potatoes was more like some slivers of duck with (what amounted to) two small yellow potatoes.  By that point, we were in such a rush that I was more concerned with shoveling it in to make it down the street in 20 minutes.

Getting it down quick was a chore, seeing as how it was overcooked.  That's the first duck I've had that had no fat on it.  Wtf?

Duck + 2 diet cokes + some tip = $40.  

The server was apologetic, telling us our food was coming "right out" (after 45 minutes), but paying full price after that was obnoxious.

Next time we'll just go to Quiznos.
I want to give this place 3 stars for their happy hour, because the food is good, but they just don't have a lot of good interesting options for gluten free people.

my sister has celiac when we came here our options were very limited.  the shrimp cocktail was also overpriced for what it was, and the fish taco isn't my favorite by any means.

but! the drinks are fun, and the happy hour food is alright, but it's probably not the place to go if you're with someone that's gluten-free.
single handedly the best dining experience of my year.
i had no idea what this place was. though the space was small, it gave off a homey and very "hip" vibe. definitely reminds me of bar & grills from the movies. the portions are really small, but their 3/$21 deal will get you full, along with a nice brew. i went with a group of seven and i shared a 3/$21 deal with a friend. since everything everyone ordered was so good, my friend and i got 3 more dishes. it
In soliciting opinions for Teresa Caffe, multiple sources recommended Conchiglie Balsamico.  The pasta was delicious with a fantastic cream balsamic sauce, which Teresa herself (as our server!) willingly explained the key to adding the balsamic vinegar and cream together.  Over the years, I've had some great food and service and will keep coming back.
Eh, okay.

3 1/2 stars for you Fleming's! My boyfriend made reservations here for our Valentine's dinner last night. We both have never been there before, so we were excited to know how "good" the place is. I've probably read most of the reviews of my fellow Yelpers about this place and I agree, THERE ARE OTHER STEAKHOUSES THAT ARE MUCH MORE WORTH IT. 

I know, CAPITAL LETTERS are meant to be rude. But I'm just trying to emphasize my point of view. The thing is, I love steak. Like, I really love my steak. I understand it was Valentine's day and what not, but when a lady started her day at 5:30 in the morning, then class, and work followed after, I would like to think that a restaurant like Fleming's would satisfy my needs.Close, but not close enough? 

Here it does: my boyfriend drove to Fleming's and we Valet parked his car. Great. The hostess was very kind to open the heavy door for us. We were greeted and seated promptly. Our table was literally next to the kitchen and omgoodness, we became witnesses to the chaos of the chefs. It was loud and loud. My boyfriend couldn't even hear me. Yes, it was that loud. Well, he is a little deaf, but still. It was loud. 

Orders: Fleming's Salad 8.50 -- Shall I say Ice berg lettuce? I mean, really? Like, are you serious? Small salad with dried cranberries and onions and some kind of vinaigrette. No cheese, nothing else. WOW. Please, don't get it. Please. DO NOT. Unless you want to throw 8.50 then go on ahead. Crab cakes 16 something -- It was amazingly great. AMAZING. Worth every dollar. Strawberry Daquiri cost NO IDEA- I don't like beers, but I do like it straight grey goose shots. I love daquiris but for some weird and odd reason, one glass got to me. ODD. I like it. It's not as great as Ruth's Chris. But it'll do. I ordered Ribeye 16 oz. $45 -- It was medium rare, just the way I love it. The thing is I literally had to pour salt and pepper to get some kind of flavor. But I'll give them points for cooking it the way I like it. The flavor of it though? Eh, okay. My boyfriend ordered the New York Strip-$40? --- It tasted bland to him, so I tasted it, and I agreed.  Again, SALT & PEPPER. Gotta love those things! 

Okay, with all that we've ordered the bill was $131.41! Great!! 

I'm not impress. Not one bit. The sad part to our dinner is the fact that while we were dining there, we talked about visiting Ruth's Chris again and maybe Donovan's. We'll see Fleming's. I don't know about you guys right now. But thank you for the $25 gift card. We really appreciate that. 

I have to say, Ruth's Chris is by far the best Steakhouse I love. LOVE. The food & service there is impeccable. Beyond words. So, go explore!
I was sold on this place just after hearing the name...I have a fondness for anything that has to do with wine. So the incredible food was just an added bonus!

Unfortunately, there would be no wine for me at vinology since I visited on one of my detox days, but a girls gotta eat.  Scallops? Wall-eye? Tuna? So many good things to choose from! At my waitress's insistence I opted for the brioche crusted wall-eye with some sort of mushroomy sauce and potatoes. OMG it was insanely good!!  And Mariah seemed to really enjoy her tuna as well.  

I'm going to guess that you can't go wrong with anything at Vinology. They use ingredients from local farms (gotta love that!) and anyone will feel at home in their trendy yet cozy atmosphere.

I definitely plan on more nights in Vinology when I'm in town next...and next time I'm going for the wine!
Not bad, but nothing to write home about.

The food was good...it was cooked properly and seasoned well.  But the variety wasn't exciting.  There were several steaks and the pork was tough.

The wine list was very nice.  Great selection and prices.  I was very disappointed to find out there was no cocktail list.  I went there because I heard great things about the bar, but I wanted creative choices...not just my normal selections.  Those bartenders must have some sense of creativity, let them express it with a list so upstairs diners can enjoy.

The service was great.  Some other guests came and interrupted our server while she was talking with us....exceptionally rude!  She handled it with grace.

Overall, I can't think of any real reason to go back.  I recommend trying it for yourself, but Toast! is not on my short list of Pittsburgh favorites.
I wasn't impressed. 
We had the wedge salad, the chipotle mac & cheese (tasteless), the Fleming's potatoes (decent but not terrific) and the filet.  The steak was good, but the Bearnaise sauce was bad.  So bad, in fact, that I couldn't even really call it Bearnaise.  It had the wrong consistency and it did not have enough of a tarragon flavor.   The steak was good enough to eat it without the sauce.

Fleming's is very expensive and for the price I expected a lot more.  The service had MANY kinks that need to be worked out.  It was overbearing at times and then completely lacking.
My family and I went to Fleming's for my birthday and, overall, were quite pleased.

Large chains like Fleming's usually aren't our cup of tea, but we had a gift certificate and thought, "why not?"

The service was really good.  Our waitress was friendly and cognizant.  My only gripe with the service - and I think this is especially noteworthy for an upscale place, be it a chain or not - is that they were gathering in groups and chit chatting on the service floor.  Our server wasn't joining in with them and was professional.

The food was also very good.  I had the bone-in ribeye and the rest of my family had filet mignon.  The bearnaise is their best sauce.  The quality of the meat was good, but not great.  Why only good?  It comes from the highest-quality mass produced cattle.  They are fed corn, something cattle did not evolve to eat.  It makes them, essentially, grow extremely quickly and become diabetic.  I would really love to see Fleming's switch to, or at least offer the option of, grass-fed beef. Regardless, it was all cooked perfectly.  Our waitress took the time to talk to us about what doneness means at Fleming's so we could order properly.

Before I go on, all the appetizers were good.  My dad's caesar was classic and you could taste the anchovy (YUM).  I had the wedge salad and it was HUGE.  Definitely needs to be shared - it's half a head of iceberg!  Calamari was standard, although they served it with peppers and peperoncini, which is one of the ways into my heart...

Dessert was a big surprise.  We had the creme brulee and ginger snap lemon cake thing (forgot the name).  The ginger snap lemon dessert was the show-stealer.  Light - so light it had to be frozen - and a great end to a meal as heavy as steak.  The creme brulee was also good.

At the end of the meal, the chef came out and personally handed me a box of truffles.  That was a nice touch, especially since they were awesome truffles.

3.5 stars - 4 if they could get grass-fed beef!
After 3 more visits, Fleming's finally gets another star out of me.

Hubby and I went here for dinner on a Saturday night the week before Valentine's.  The place was absolutely packed.  Every table was in use.  Even the Matresse de' said it was really unusual.  Since we weren't able to get the booth we requested when we made our reservation, we ended up sitting in the function room in the back.  This was actually not a bad choice, as they had a comfy fire burning in the fireplace and with only 5 tables in there it was much quieter than the really loud main room.  We had a 4-top for the 2 of us, and were right by the romantic fire.

Wine is a star here, and I ordered one of their 3 wine, 2 ounce pour, wine flights.  It came with the three glasses hung on a wrought iron spiral holder and a tag at the top telling you what was what.  They were out of one of my choices and cheerfully substituted another.  Hubby had a glass of pinot noir which is served in a tiny decanter that is good for about 2 smallish glasses of wine.  Instead of dessert I had a glass of Canadian icewine which was marked A.Q. (as quoted) on the menu.  I should have asked for a quote before I ordered as it was $28 a glass - but it was yummy enough that I wasn't too unhappy.  They have updated their wine menu to include many more non-California selections and I appreciated the change.  Wine here is, as Hubby pointed out, on the expensive side.  You often see a 50% mark-up, but here it is 100% or more.  For example, a Veuve Clicquot Brut Yellow Label champagne which is $41.99 at BevMo, is $89 on the wine list.

Dinner starts with fresh bread and two spreads.  The bread was warm and soft on the inside and crispy on the outside.  I have never cared for the spreads:  sun dried tomato butter and champagne feta spread.  I would have been much happier with plain butter instead.  For our appetizer we both had the lobster bisque that was on special.  I thought it was a little too salty, but Hubby disagreed.  We both agreed it had a good spicy kick to it.  For dinner I had the petite filet mignon, and Hubby had the regular filet mignon.  They have a regular at 10 oz, petite at 8 oz, and then a "smaller-portions" at 6 oz.  Since the "smaller portion" automatically comes with Fleming's potatoes, I chose the petite instead.  Hubby had his steak with the peppercorn sauce; I had mine with the Barnaise sauce.  The sauces come in small tubs on the side.  For our sides - which you pay for separately - we had the mashed potatoes with roasted garlic and the sauted sweet corn.  The meat was great - done medium rare as we both requested, although I think it could have been on the grill just 5 seconds more as it was on the rarer side.  The sauces were both fantastic.  The peppercorn sauce had a nice spice with a meaty base.  The Barnaise had a great tarragon tang.  The mashed were great and the level of garlic was perfect.  The corn disappointed, as it had been nice and buttery on previous visits, but this time it was a little bland.

Our waiter, Wes, was excellent.  Really great service, and very friendly.  The table next to us kept hitting him with special requests, and he never missed a beat.  I asked for extra Barnaise, and got a little gravy boat of extra.  His pacing was good and he seemed to actually enjoy his job.  I would love to be at one of his tables again, as good service can make or break a meal.

Overall, Fleming's brought up their game this time to 4 stars.  Wines, two soups, two steaks, two sides, tax and tip came to $210, so don't come for a cheap meal.
Although service was fantastic here (I wish I remembered our server's name), the place really didn't live up to the hype and what all the yelpers were talking about.  Unfortunately, everything we ordered was decent, at best.  The whole time I was there, I was thinking I should've just gone to Palomino for their happy hour.  =(
BACARO!...I've heard so many great things about you and you let me down!
Service: I met a couple of friends here because of friends' recommendations and when I showed up at 6PM on a Monday found a note that said they were closing at 7:30PM fror a private party..this was after speaking to them just an hour earlier. 

We immediately felt we were being rushed to order drinks and tapas, and then we were brought the check, the universal sign that we needed to get going. Not cool.

Drinks and Food: I ordered house wine which was really great, especially for $3.50/glass for happy hour! We ordered a number of appetizers and what I liked the best was the Burger and stuffed eggplant. I'd stay away from glazed pork belly.
Impressive.

It was quite impressive to see all the thirsty patrons crowd up 30 minutes before Fleming's opened at 5pm. As someone from inside approached to open their humongous wooden doors, the crowd huddled in closer. Once opened, people sprinted to the bar area just to snag a booth.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w?select=TlOKZ09U9nBxbtz3dBwEhw

Mental note: Be aggressive.

The goods:
-Vintage Vodka Martini ($6): shaken, not stirred. They used Smirnoff Vodka & vermouth, garnished with olives. A stiff drink at its best, and well-deserved after this long work week. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w?userid=Rp8hHh-2U8Nh-7FhhspVxQ

-Sweet chile calamari ($6): classic calamari appetizer, only difference this was lightly dressed w/ the sweet chile sauce. Yum. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w?select=APnRGFt0z9Z8Tjxo_piPng

-Flemings Prime Burger ($6): PERFECT cooked at medium, especially with melted swiss cheese, crisp succulent bacon, and string fries.  This was my absolute fave! I wasn't alone with this decision. I was surrounded by others w/ the same burger in hand. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w?select=pLOovXsSTGqoLsLygYEX8A

Bottom line:
Great restaurant- either for happy hour or dinner. I'd like to try their filet mignon next.

Tips:
-Definitely order the Vintage Vodka Martini & Fleming's Burger
-Arrive 15-20 minutes early so you can grab yourself a booth or bar seat
-Located to the end of the Stanford Shopping Mall
Truly great gem! Service, presentation, knowledge and the food quality were all surpassing all of my expectations.  Good selection of eastern european wine and especially rare sparkling Hungarian wine! The scallops are to die for as well as the artichoke and brussels sprouts!
Over all very pleasant experience, this wine snob will be returning!
Went to dinner with my fiance. First time we've been to Flemings together.  We had Jennifer as our waitress and she was awesome. She was never overwhelming and checked on us at the right tome. It was a little loud given the Jr. Seau was having dinner with his friends, but nonetheless, we had a great time. Fiance had the filet mignon, which was great. I had the salmon nicoise salad. It comes with a lot of sides and all great. Thanks to Jennifer for great service. Definitely will go back.
Attended a lunch'n'learn seminar here.

The restaurant is located on the corner, near Bloomingdales, facing ECR.

6oz fillet was good. Carrot soup was good. The potato scallops and corn kernels sides were good. 

The frozen cheesecake was, well, partially frozen and not made onsite. Wasn't good.

Overall it's 4-yelp stars.
Shay's is an amaaaazing place.

Going out for dinner in Harvard Square? Afterward, mosey on down to Shay's. The atmosphere is everything you've ever wanted in a small tunnel of a bar... including the uninsulated pipe that runs hot water along the length of the room. It's an intimate place, with an amiable staff. The beer & wine selection is plentiful... and you can even grab a decent meal if you haven't eaten yet.
I first went here in September while they were having regular wine events on Thursday nights.  This was a great way to sample the wine on the extensive wine list and get acquainted with their food since there were light appetizers being served.  We got to chat with the wine manager about the selections being featured that night and even had the opportunity to have talk with Chef/Owner Chris.  Great guys, and with good management comes good experiences. 

We returned for a few other Thursday night events throughout the rest of September, sometimes grabbing a full meal afterwards in the dining room.  All of the food was great quality.  Tender steak, great sides, flavorful soups.  The melting chocolate cake? ...wow.  Totally worth the 15 minute wait between ordering and receiving, something that they will tell you when they bring your food, so you can consider adding the tasty dessert without waiting too long after your meal.

We have also been back for their happy hour.  Good apps, good drinks.  And to our surprise Chef Chris recognized us from the wine events we had frequented several months earlier...nice touch!

This would totally be a 5 star review IF only they could figure out a way to add some outdoor bar seating.  This would compensate for the limited bar seating inside.  And, with Palo Alto weather, you would be hard pressed to not find me there once a week during nice weather enjoying the sun and a cocktail in the evenings.
The area of this place is questionable and upon looking at its exterior it doesn't seem like it would be awesome but this Bacaro LA packs some good eats in here! The bruchette and artichoke hearts dishes stood out. The interior had a very industrialized feel to it. Very different (for me at least) and I liked it!
I'd def give the bone-in ribeye the highest rating.  The sides such as creamed corn and potatoes are pretty good as well but not the best.  The service is excellent as well.  For the Bay Area, I'd say Fleming's is the best best for steaks.
Maybe I was under the impression it was going to be a little cheaper than Tria? Either way, it's not really. But that's okay, it's just as nice to have a "splurge" bar in West Philly as it is to trek down to Center City.

Biba offers most of the things I love about Tria, minus the larger selection of beers (but it is a wine bar, so I can't be TOO disappointed, and their bottle selections are good, if expensive). But the awesome cheeses are still there, and their well-curated sandwich list is delicious (PLEASE try the one with the prosciutto and figs--it is amazing). 

Service has been friendly and well-informed every time we've gone; it's usually not too crowded, and the outdoor seating is both comfortable and stylish. Nice addition to the neighborhood (considering the other alternative in that building is Mikey's...urgh).
This place is very small and very easy to miss. It's a niche place that seems to cater to the USC student body. I wouldn't recommend it to someone looking for an established wine and small plates restaurant. The 3 plates for 21 is a little steep but I guess when you're spending student loan checks or mom n dads bank, you can afford it. It's cute for the neighborhood but not some place to travel to from the West side or downtown.
I'm downgrading my review for this restaurant. I was once a huge fan but the past few times that I have dined there have been wholly lackluster. Especially when you have to wait for a considerable amount of time to get a table on weekends, I can no longer say that it's justified by the food.  While the ingredients may still be fresh, I've noted a decline in the quality of the food in general. At the same time, the prices tend to run high for the portions that are served.
As for the service, it always seems to be be above average--both friendly and attentive, however not enough to have me running (nay, walking) back anytime soon.
We'd been at the Hammer checking out the Nine Lives show (Pretty good I might add) and my wife (she does have a name - Beth aka Smash) was in the mood for a Bloody Mary so we went for a walk back into the Westwood area.  

Happy Hour.

We couldn't remember the last time we were at a "Happy Hour" (misnomer by the way, it's plural) and if I was at one, it was probably a happy accident.  Anyways, we were sort of hungry so we delved in.

Sliders for $2 - w/Blue Cheese- DYNOMITE!!!!
Fries for $3 or 4 - Pretty Good
Bruschetta for $3 or 4 - WHOA, LOTS-O-GARLIC!!!! But I'm married, and I like Garlic, so I thought it was good.

The Bloody Mary's? Pretty good, but would be nice to get a few more snacks in the glass.
I've been here several times, but not too recently. Went here with a friend post Princeton Day Bryn Mawr book sale- we were pretty tired from hauling our books we bought and hungry too!

For a Sunday lunch there was a bit of a wait- 20 minutes- which was remedied by visiting kate spade on the corner. We were seated right when we returned. 

We both got the individual pizzas- my friend got the Uova which had egg and proscuitto and I got the ortolana which was made up of ricotta, tomato sauce, eggplant, zukes, spinach, and mushroom. They give you bread and olive oil while you wait. 

Our food came out fairly quickly and was good! I couldn't finish the pizza, so we were able to bring it home. My friend was also pleased with her pie. If I was feeling better, a little wine could have been perfect, but next time!

I've had their salads in the past, and though I can't remember the actual names they were pretty good. They use a lot of organic and local ingredients. 

My only complain is that our server was pretty good in the beginning, then became spotty as we were nearing the end of our meal. I don't like to be rushed by any means, but sometimes you want to just get the check and leave. 

Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap lunch  or dinner- I find that there is usually a wait of sorts. Our lunch was just under 30 dollars before tip, since my friend had a coffee.
We were in the Palo Alto area for a cocktail party and decided to stop, spur of the moment on a Saturday night for dinner. It was a little late (for us) at 8:45, but the place was still hopping. We were seated right away by a very pleasant hostess in a nice comfy booth. 

We ordered a nicer bottle of wine, but had to ask for the reserve wine list. They have most of their regular wines listed in each diner's menu. The server did a good job on decanting and pouring. 

The service from our waiter overall was good, but slow. 45 minutes to get food after ordering. We didn't have apps or salads, since it was late and the food heavy. We ordered the chef's mixed grill, which was 2 petite filets and a lobster tail, the rib eye and 3 sides, because we couldn't decide- Baked Pot for me, and Bleu cheese mashed and chipolte mac and cheese for him. Ok, I may have tried a bit of all 3 for research purposes. The things I do for Yelp.

The food was delivered by someone other than our waiter. I don't think he was a waiter as he was a bit awkward. He brought most of the food on the first drop , and left to get my baked pot and the butter for my lobster. He also said he would remove my lobster from the shell when he returned. Well, it took so long that the lobster was fairly cold by the time he got back.  He was also not too comfortable with shellfish, since he almost launched it across the table. The final insult was the butter he brought was in a candle type ramekin, and it was cold, solidified. He lit the candle, and by the time I finished my meal it was starting to melt. We didn't complain because I was too hungry by 9:30 when the food finally arrived to send it back and wait. 

My filet was really good as were the sides, though the mashed potatoes could have been warmer. The mac and cheese was very good. The ribeye was disappointing. Rather thin and bland. Disappointing for $43.00.

All in all it was very expensive for an uninspiring meal.
Despite having their catered food and spending an unhealthy amount of time at their bar, I hadn't eaten at Vinology. This changed last night.

Downstairs, the tables are at a healthy distance and are separated by sheets, just like in a cheesy sitcom scenario (isn't this the rouse they used to get Angela and Tony together finally?), except it works here. You could full on makeout with your dining companion and not have anyone the wiser. Brilliant.

I got the scallops. I was floored; I couldn't think nor move. It was as if I spent time at one of those underground Himalayan salt caves and came out totally rejuvenated. Dude! They were encrusted with hazelnut! Totally awesome. It may even beat Melange's scallops, which I previously found to be the shit. Whoever made these should be honored and revered.

Anyway, most of the time, the bar is aged, but the cougar strike team is sometimes in full force. For the hipster in you, check out "Bloom," the Indie/Electronic night, on Mondays starting at 10. $5 martini specials. The pomegranate one is a winner.

Bingo. This place is great.
I've only been here once and I think it's definitely worth going back.  I'm giving this 4 stars for good happy hour menu.  They now have a $2 beer which I will go try.  Happy hours are 
DRINKS:  Mon-Sat 3-MIDNIGHT and Sun 3-11p
FOOD: 3-7p and 9-midnight
Fist time last night.  Me and the girlfriend have been on a budget lately and planned on just getting three plates and sharing an inexpensive bottle of wine.

Problem was, the first three were so damn good, we ordered three more.  Still didn't crack $71.  

We.  Shall.  Be.  Back.
It is so cool to have a wine bar in the neighborhood.  This is a casual place to go for a leisurely glass or two of wine.  The atmosphere is laid back, and you can sit for a while and not feel rushed to get out.  The staff is really friendly, and anxious to talk about the wines, where they are from, what they are like etc.  No pretentious "wine" attitude here.  The  bruschettes and paninis are delish!  Try a cheese plate with your wine.  Plenty of vegetarian options (except on Beefsteak night)
I've only been here for the Happy Hour menu, which has an awesome deal on a Prime Burger, only $6 until 7pm. Delicious! Get there early thought, the tables in the bar area filled up fast.
4.25 stars

Yesterday I came here for the second time and it was just a perfect end to my day. During happy hour the small plates are just $5 each so my friend and I split three of them to share and got glasses of rose wine as well ($6.50). 

The atmosphere is dim and relaxed... big black chalkboards, skinny wooden tables. It feels divey but simultaneously manages an effortless chic. The long narrow room has a coziness that lends itself well to romantic dates but also rambling and lively chats with a small group of friends. When I came here previously for my birthday we had squeezed in 12 or 14 people at one table but I don't recommend you try it unless you're all about sitting shoulder-to-shoulder, hip-to-hip. 

Anyway, back to yesterday. We sampled parmesan artichokes (served warm, could have eaten an entire bowl of them), cauliflower florets in a chipotle sauce (intriguing but best in small doses), and three crostini (goat cheese and dates, always a good combo). We enjoyed our wine, which was clean and mildly fruity and the perfect amount of tart. 

And then I looked up at the chalk board and saw that under the cheeses was a listing for 'humboldt fog' - a goat cheese that the website for Murray's cheese describes as like 'biting into a cloud.' Instantly I was sold. So we had to get that too. It came w/ two different kinds of bread and was delightful.  

So why not 5 stars? Portions are a wee bit small and seating needs to be improved. But in terms of options around the USC area, I think this place is going to be a fave.
We went here for our post valentine day place.  Sat at the bar for happy hour.  I had 3 martinis, of course the burger with swiss cheese and bacon.  My husband got the ahi tuna and he had a couple of men's drinks that I don't prefer except for the beer.  I love the burger.  It was cooked medium and was juicy.  Usually steak places have great burgers in the bar so I recommend you check em out.  We ate all that and headed for dinner.  No appetizer so I ordered a medium rib eye, baked potato with toppings on the side, lobster tail, and for dessert creme brulee.  He ordered a medium bone in rib eye, sauteed cream corn, lobster tail, and shared creme brulee and irish coffee.  OMG!  We ate everything so what does that tell you.  Everything was so good and also forgot we had red wine with it.  It was cabernet-duckhorn.  Im not a wine person but it was good with the steak.  I like how they put a candle under the bowl of butter for the lobster.  Very delicious but they could of put less paprika on the lobster.  Overall I loved it and would come here again.
I liked this place for happy hour but was disappointed in dinner and will not come again.  The service was very good but the food was just OK and does not justify the high prices.  For my taste, everything was much too rich and smothered in sauce or cheese.  It is useful to know that all of the happy hour specials apply only at the bar and not in the restaurant.  Also, Hyatt parking is validated but the service directly in front of the restaurant is not.
Bacaro, you never cease a moment without a surprise. 

The decor of the place is hypnotizing, with every corner marking a sweet denotation of how the food would taste. 

For the two of us, we ordered:
- Pan Seared Scallops  (only two scallops; but amazing texture and flavor)

- Roasted Eggplant Pizza (a little spicy with a hint of goat cheese)

- The Bacaro Burger with Fried Egg  (an explosion of surprises- my favorite)

- Stuffed Eggplant with Lamb (with a good punch of lamb flavor, bravo!)

- Banana Bread Pudding (one of the largest portions among the dishes ordered- excellent ending!)
 
Every dish came out at the right time and portion. Good for parties of 2,4, or 6, so every dish can be split proportionally in half. Great recommendations from staff, great wines, and charming atmosphere. 

Highly recommended.
Bacaro LA Beefsteak Sunday is amazing.  The service is excellent, the onion rings are so crisp, the meat is tender, the bread is soft, and the potatoes are delicious!  I don't have one complaint.  Your glasses will be full and your stomachs satisfied! Make a reservation for this and enjoy a wonderful Sunday dinner.  This event is only the first Sunday of every month so book soon.
Excellent food and excellent service. Good selection of wine. Semi-casual, cozy atmosphere. Great for dates.
One of my favorite places to eat and drink. My favorite foods here are:

- the open faced burger with fried egg
- their chipotle cauliflower
- their corn/carrot puree pan seared scallops
- gorgonzola, walnuts, orange honey and dates crostini
- fresh ricotta with silan syrup crostini
- tuscan white bean bruschette
- their super (I repeat, SUPER) spicy eggplant pizza
- grilled petite fillet
- dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers

And for dessert, their bread pudding was pretty good.


I believe it is considered tapas style so this is why the portions are sometimes small, depending what you order, but the flavor really makes up for the small portion. Their Amber Ale beer is fantastic too. 

This place is a bit small, can get crowded quickly and is pretty loud. But i put up with it because I LOVE their food! Their menu changes with the season...a heads up as i did end up missing some of my favorite dishes when I would go back a couple of months later. But I highly recommend it!
WOW!  I'm impressed!  Don't let this restaurant fool you on its quality just because it's connected to Stanford Mall.  I love a good steak more than anything, and this place did not disappoint.  

I ordered the dry aged new york strip, medium rare w/mac n cheese and creamed spinach sides.  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare with a wonderful sear on both sides--the crispy sear to lock in all the juices and flavor, yet still medium rare all through the steak.  The prices are your typical steakhouse prices, but I left very happy after eating.
Had the prime rib special on Sunday with the Mac and Cheese and it was perfect. I can't speak enough about this place, yeah its pricey, but the food is worth every penny. Can't remember the last time I had great prime rib.
Went on a Tuesday night, but it still required a 30 min wait for a table and the bar was full at 6pm.

Service was friendly and courteous; although they were not as attentive as places like Ruth's Chris or Donovan's.

I ordered the 16oz prime ribeye medium-rare, with Fleming's potatoes and sauteed french green beans with mushrooms as sides.  

Steak: was cooked to specifications, but for some reason wasn't as flavorful as I've had at Donovan's.  Wasn't too impressed with the cut I had.  It could've used more salt/pepper seasoning.  It was finished with butter most of it pooled on one part of the steak instead of the whole thing and I couldn't really taste it was there.

Fleming's potatoes was ok but not one of the better side dishes.  It's basically scalloped potatoes baked into a block, topped with cheese.  So it looked like a brick of cheese before cutting it.  Cheese was thin and ordinary, and same with the scalloped potatoes.  Wish it was creamier and had layers of cheese in between the potatoes, not just on top.

French green beans were surprisingly good.  They must have sauteed it with bacon grease because it did have a smoky, bacon flavor.  Not overdone because it still had some crispness to the beans.

Was too full to really order the lava cake, so I ordered the cheesecake which was pretty generic covered with blueberry compote.  The chantilly cream served on the side was a nice garnish, but pretty rich coupled with the cheesecake.

Overall I still like Donovan's the best in San Diego, then Ruth's Chris.  It's a decent steakhouse but not comparable to the price.
Food has consistently gotten better over the years but much to my surprise the wine list, especially by the glass, has not.  For a place that bills itself as a wine bar, I continue to find this surprising and disappointing.  I continue to come here as it is one of the better atmosphere places in Carrboro/CH but I wish they would up their game on the vino.  The outdoor patio is great.
Happy hour at Fleming's is awesome. $6 appetizers and drinks. Oh, and their Prime Burger. So simple and yet one of the best burgers I've had at any price, but at $6 is just a freaking steal. 

Other than the Prime Burger:

BBQ shrimp - not really bbq in the traditional sense but is the best thing on their appetizer menu. Buttery, garlicky, savory deliciousness.

Tenderloin carpaccio - thin-shaved slices of raw filet mignon topped with a horseradish sauce, capers, onions, basil and a vinaigrette. Served with slices of bread topped with toasted cheese. Comes a close second to the shrimp.

Just get there right around opening time. There are only 4 booths and 10-12 seats at the bar and they fill up fast. I've arrived 5 minutes after 5 and had to stand.
Have been to this place at least a dozen times - and its always solidly go  to very good.  The last 2 visits were for their wonderful happy hour menu- good in the bar or patio area ( 4 stars - dining room menu 3 stars).  
    With the exception of the strong salmon odor coming from the open kitchen on 8/23, its always been good in terms of atmosphere as well.  Since I was eating on teh patio where there was no salmon odor I won't ding them for it.
     The $2 cup of soup of the day is usually pretty good - had gazpacho the last 2 visits, and the $4 burrata tomato and arugula salad is refreshing as well.  Happy hour wines not so good - but the margaraitas and sangrai are both $4 as well.
YUMYUM, it was my first place trying this place and I'm definitely a fan.

The place is tiny and quaint but very loud. I could barely hear my cousin who was sitting less than 2 feet across the table. The table itself was pretty small so we didn't have much room to put our stuff...anywhere.

We ordered 5 tapa plates. 
1) BRUSCHETTE: "Dalia's" open fire roasted bell peppers AND roasted garlic, balsamic & basil walnut pesto. I really liked both but the roasted garlic one definitely stood out more than the other. It was slightly sweet, very aromatic, and I love the different tectures of the ingredients.
2) CRISPY PIG EARS WITH CHIPOTLE AIOLI- I've had pig ears before but not fried. I was surprised by the tecture at first since it was crunchy & chewy at the same time. It was definitely interesting but I grew very fond of it by the last bite.
3) OVEN ROASTED BONE MARROW W/ BALSAMIC REDUCTION, SEA SALT, & BAGUETTE- hmmm, this was alright, it didnt seem like there was much in the bone marrow to begin with and I could only really taste the balsamic reduction
4) PAN SEARED SCALLOPS WITH SAUTEED MARKET CORN, SCALLIONS & CHERRY TOMATOES- this was Very VERY good. It only comes with 2 scallops tho, so that made me a bit sad. The scallop was fresh & cooked to perfection.
5) LAMB STUFFED EGGPLANT, LEMON GARLIC EMULSION, LEMON CHIP, SCALLIONS- this was our favorite dish. As a fan of eggplant, I never thought to have a stuffed one but regardless, the lamb made it so perfect.

Although the food is good, it's a bit pricey for each dish. I think it's about $8 each?? If you eat slow, it'll fill you up, otherwise if you're looking to feast, this isn't the place.
I would definitely come back here again.
I think my friend told me that the first Sunday of every month = $20 for unlimited wine & steak? I could be wrong but definitely try this place!
I think it's pretty apparent if you read any one of my reviews that I like belly, of pork.  It should also be pretty apparent that I like breasts--chicken, turkey, etc., it's all good.  Flipping between these two "white meat" can become pretty tiring, so I decided to move towards a more "balanced diet" and tuck into something that's a tried and true favorite of mine:  BEEF!

Being that I'm trying to achieve a more balanced diet, which means increasing my fruit intake (I'm good with vegetables), I thought doing this while still indulging in steak at Fleming's would be difficult until I met the Sparkling Peachtini.  Whoohoo!  There must have been at least a full bushel of peaches in there somewhere (distilled or otherwise), and, like your ex-boyfriend, was quite fruity.  Unlike your ex-boyfriend, however, the Peachtini was quite refreshing.

Of course, the rib eye I ordered was delicious as always, and the sides of mushrooms and potatoes served to help ensure I will not live to see my next birthday without at least one bypass (heart or stomach).

Service was attentive but not-overbearing, which is exactly why I return again and again, for business or pleasure.

Yeah, I drink Peachtinis.  What choo lookin' at?  Bitch.
SUCH a cute place.  Stepping inside Bacaro makes you feel like you're in Santa Monica, or Pasadena, or some other city with lots of cute small sidewalk bars/cafes.  You'd never know you were in South Central unless you looked out the windows and were reminded of the disgusting-ness that is the USC area.  So basically, it's a diamond in the rough, especially since it's only a mile away from campus (right next to the Ragazzi room).

I came here during happy hour when all the sides were $5.  The food itself is good, but it's way pricey for the portions offered.  I knew it was tapas style, but I was expecting bigger tapas.  Oh well, can't demand too much from a nice place in this area.

We had the wine flight which was awesome!  Sauvignon blanc, Riesling, and the last I can't remember, but it was the best one of the three.  Went really really well with the scallops + corn.  Also went well with the lamb sliders (DELICIOUS btw).

Ambiance is nice, rustic-feel but romantic, and I LOVE the chalkboard wall!  It lists all their wine offerings plus cheeses and beers, and has a section for artwork / special events etc.  Gives an artsy cool feel to this place.

Overall, good first impression.  I want to come back for the beefsteak night!!  Can't go wrong with all you can eat and drink for $25 right??

4 small plates, wine flight, and glass of wine = $50 for 2 people.
My husband and I tried this steakhouse last weekend, and I cannot believe just how bad it was. The prices were a little more than House of Prime Rib, which is the best prime rib place weve had besides Lawrys, so we figured it should be at least comparable. But we were so wrong. The atmosphere is pretty nice, although there was some kinda of party in the room next to us, and they had kareoke blasting very loud. 

The food on the other hand was horrible. The first thing they serve u is toasted baguettes, almost like sourdough chips, which tasted like they came from a bag. I think the normal hot bread and butter would have been a better choice. Second we ordered the crab cakes as an appetizer, and that was actually pretty good. 
Then our steaks came. I ordered the special filet mignon and 3 prawns,and my husbnad ordered the prime rib. My filet mignon was horrible, dry and had no taste. I ordered it medium rare thinking it wouldnt b so dry but it was still bad. i only ate about a third of my steak. My husbands prime rib was bigger than expected, but didnt even taste half as good as HOPR. It was very fatty, chewy, and had no flavor. The potato we ordered was not fresh and fluffy, and the spinach was average.
We ordered the desert sampler and it came with the lava cake, cheesecake, peach cobbler, and creme brulee. The deserts werent too bad. the lava cake was the best. But still the deserts do not make up for the horrible dinner.
The bill came out to be 120 before tips, so it is a little bit more than HOPR, but so not worth it.
We are serious prime rib fans, esp my husband. We are always trying to find something that beats HOPR in the city, but so far there is nothing better. Not only did we end the dinner dissappointed, but my husband had a horrible stomach ache when he got home, and had to get friendly with the toliet. Prob cuz the prime rib was so fatty.
I would not recommend this place to serious steak lovers, trust me, u will b disappointed. Take your money and go to HOPR instead, otherwise you end up dissappointed and with the runs.
It was worth the wait, but they need another location away from USC. It's overwhelmed by sorority girls, with reservations in large groups - wait when has that been a bad thing. When you're with your girlfriend that's when. Thankfully the food and the wine will steel the eyes front discipline that will save you from untimely awkwardness.
Burger #206: Criminal Naming

I arrived at Bacaro wanting to fall in love. I wanted to love their 3 for $21 small plates. I wanted to love their "burger". But I couldn't. The food just wasn't up to par with others and the low prices generally matched the small quantity. 

Four slices of prosciutto for $7. It was good, but my Hebrew half cringed at the portion size.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=D19OjZwMUWRRG7ky5zHVnQ

Two tiny wedges of cheese.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=M_eC3NQPELkQTG0EGfp_mw

An open faced sandwich that was impossible to eat.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=1xmD0kTI3ZvGG73P34mHOQ

Oh wait, that's their "burger". Bacaro please rename that dish. It is NOT a burger! At least preface it with "open-faced" or "burger with no top bun so you can't pick it up". Beyond the poor construction and naming, the flavors were muted and bit too mingled. 

We did really enjoy the pizza.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=ioFl0XVveZFC2eeAqH4B_w

$7 for some roasted cauliflower seamed silly.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=w2Ip0JbO5KpS56O0W70EnA

Oh well, can't win 'em all.
Burger with egg is solid. Fav wine: moscato d'asti. They have other good small tapas style plates. Good chill out place for USC kids..
4.5 stars? Possibly.

I really enjoyed it here. Good, innovative food, pleasant service, nice quaint size, interesting wine selection. 

I would definitely return if I lived out there.

Why minus 1/2 star? No strong reason, but food was not *amazing*, and the space was hard to talk in. Hardly an issue, but I am picky with my 5 stars like that.
The calamari ($7) was terrible at this place.  I felt like I was eating chewy old squid.  The other Happy Hour appetizers were decent, but nothing spectacular.  I ordered a $2 slider burger, $4 bbq ribs, I think $5 mac and cheese and olives.  Oh, the mac and cheese was also good, but I don't think people are usually interested in mac and cheese during happy hour.

I liked the decor and the service.  People were really nice.
Great salad, wondeful steaks (a little too peppered) delicious lava cake. Service was ok, but frequently absent (our glasses were empty) expected more.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.

In all of my travels throughout California and around the globe, I have NEVER encountered such rude, obnoxious, and uncivil wait staff as I have at Napa Valley Grille in Westwood, CA. Their service is absolutely despicable and I've had it. I called the manager and told him, "I'm sorry, but this is the last straw -- I'm going to Yelp!" The first time I visited, my friend and I were seated about 20 minutes before the end of happy hour service. When our server finally decided to come out and do her job 10 minutes later (no water, no nothing this whole time), we proceeded to order from the happy hour menu (we had heard alot of great things about the Kobe beef corn dogs!). We were rudely told that it was "too late to order from the happy hour menu". I replied with, "there's still 10 minutes before the end of happy hour" and was told, "um, yeah but, we normally don't take orders 10 minutes before it ends". Really? Because I saw other folks ordering happy hour food? When I asked if she would check with the kitchen, she once again pulled a diappearing act and magically reappeared as the clock struck the end of happy hour. And of course, the reply was, "um, happy hour has ended."  In the meanwhile, my friend and I had been sitting there for about 20 minutes, with nothing but water. Because we were starving, we asked for regular menus and prepared ourselves to spend double what we had expected to that evening. After this, we never saw our waitress again- ever. A busboy brought the menus and we waited for about 10 minutes for someone to show up and take our order but no one ever did. And btw - happy hour food kept coming out of the kitchen throughout this entire time. My friend and I stormed off, I complained directly to the manager, who was extremely apologetic, and was told this would never happen again. 

Fast forward a few months later and I find myself with same friend and a few others at this same crap of a place for once again, an attempt to eat at happy hour. I had thought, "couldn't get worse than last time, right?". WRONG. The waiter had been so-so up until the point that a woman nearby started smoking and blowing smoke in our direction. Since I'm asthmatic and a friend has allergies, we asked our waiter what the policy was about smoking on the patio (since last I thought it wasn't allowed in California). We were rudely informed that "smoking is allowed here" and the waiter stomped away to his little buddy working the bar from where we were given dirty looks. Needless to say, we were never served by him again because he ignored our table for the rest of the evening. I called over another wait staff (who was actually very nice and apologetic) and he waited on us for the rest of the evening. We ended our meal, I asked to see the manager, was informed that the smoking policy was that if a customer requested that the cigarette be put out, the wait staff was supposed to do that, and then once AGAIN, given a plethora of apologies. 

I'm sick and tired of this place and the gross people that they hire. I will NEVER step foot in this establishment again.
Great place not to far from USC. Friendly people, awesome food, and a vast selection of wine and beer. Try the Gonzo Imperial Porter, I love it. It's a dark beer, not too heavy, not too light, just perfect. 

Advise: For a party of 2, walk ins are fine. But if you are more then that, make a reservation.
This is our "special occasion place"  - Once for my wife's birthday and recently for our wedding anniversary.
The service is always professional, polite and friendly.
We were at first seated in a rather uncomfortable booth and when we asked to be moved, they were very kind. Some places act like that is a really big deal. 
At Fleming's they seem to just want to make you happy.
Of course, the staff knows it is a special occasion and they go out of their way to make sure it truly is special.
A complimentary champagne toast to start our meal was a nice and unexpected treat.
We usually do not go for appetizers as my wife is not a big eater and doesn't like to fill up before the main course.
But this time we broke the rule and ordered the crab cakes. We were glad we did!
My wife lived on the east coast for a time and claims that is where the best crab cakes are made. Well, she loved the Fleming's crab cakes! 
All tasty lump crab and no filler, with a nice light sauce.
Of course we had steaks - New York Strip for me, Rib Eye for her. I had mine topped with crumbled bleu cheese and it was delicious.
Unfortunately, the Rib Eye wasn't as good as our previous visit according to my wife. It wasn't spiced enough for her taste.
We had the "Half and Half" side, which is thinly cut fries and big onion ring. Nice to share.
For desert we had complimentary chocolate cake, which was very rich and tasty and so large we took most of it home.
Overall, a great experience. Good food served by a nice friendly staff.
Thanks to all who made our experience a pleasure!
DISCLAIMER: This review is based on my experience of dining at Eno during Midtown Restaurant week and selections from their prixe fixe menu. 

Restaurant week is always a mixed bag. On the one hand, it is a great opportunity for people to try a few of the many great restaurants we have in Atlanta, and is also a chance for restaurants to get a bit more business they might not otherwise have. I'm sure some might have the temptation to throw together a cheap and quick menu to satisfy the masses for the promotion, but I didn't get that feeling at Eno, at least not from the menu.

Overall, I liked the experience. I was a bit worried at first since it took our server about 20 minutes to acknowledge our table once all the parties had arrived (there were four of us) and then we were handed a basket of dried out bread. But things did get better. The company was great and the wine was great so the slow pace of the meal didn't seem to matter.

From the prixe fixe menu, I started with their melon soup garnished with prosciutto foam. This soup was fresh and refreshing. Wasn't sure what to expect with the foam garnish, but the flavor was very subtle and matched the melon well.  For my entree I ordered the bucatini pasta with marchesi sausage in a tomato-based sauce. Think long, hollow speghetti-like tubes. This dish was just so so. The flavors were a bit thin, the sausage was sparse and the pasta seemed a bit over cooked. Finally, for dessert I had the chocolate terrine with wild berry broth. Fantastic! Super rich, deep chocolate terrine but with the perfect serving size so you aren't sent into a sugar high.

The best part of the meal however was from a couple of complimentary dishes Chef Eli sent out: house-cured prosciutto with a small scoop of melon sorbet, and some octopus slices (pickled, maybe?) on a slice of watermelon. Fantastic! 

I need to return to try their broader menu at some point in the near future.
We were intrigued by the five for six specials, six bucks each for five type of appetizers, cocktails and wine. The special is only good till 7 PM. We walked in around 6 PM, the restaurant was half empty, the decor and atmosphere were OK. The minute we sat down, we asked about the specials menu. The waitress mumbled something about the menu at the bar which we didn't quite understand. Then she asked us if we were going to order dinner too? Ahhh, yes, but what difference does it make? She explained to us later on it is up to the Manager's discretion if we could sit at the main dining area. What the heck, if that is the case, the sign should have said "if you want the specials, dining at the bar only" . Besides, the restaurant was half empty throughout the whole evening. 

The waitress kind of ticked us off, but we ordered every appetizer on the menu 

Shrimp cocktail - huge shrimp and nice presentation 
Cajun shrimp - my wife loves it 
Ahi Tuna - My favorite 
Calamari - a bit too soggy for me, but my wife thinks it is great 
Beef carpaccio - thinly sliced, very good meat 
Cocktails - Sidecar, a bit weak for my taste, but it is still OK 

Now for the main course 

Fleming Salad - pretty good, I love the cranberry and walnuts 
Fleming potato - huge portion, very tasty, couldn't finish it all 
Prime rib - we are not real big time meat eaters, but this prime rib is GOOD, tender and juicy. 
Dessert - Lava chocolate cake with pistachio cookie and a big bowl of whipped cream and ice cream, 20 minutes wait for this dessert, but our stomachs needed a break anyway. 
Despite the awkward start, the servers, staff and especially the food all came through.
I came here for dinner with pharmaceutical company sponsors with doctors.  Great service and great food! I had a rib eye steak in medium rare... and it's so tender!  The chocolate cake desert is devilishly rich!
I recommend this place for those who love meat and a special dinner with significant others!
Fleming's I think it is safe to say you have had a bit of a rough start.  Don't worry, I will give you another chance...I will just give you a couple of months to work out your kinks.

I went in this past Friday night with a 7:00PM reservation.  We arrived 5 minutes early and we were told there was going to be a wait of about 15 minutes.  My friend and I headed to the bar and enjoyed two of the best cosmos I think I have ever had and continued to wait, and wait.

Around 7:40 the hostess leads us from the bar to our table and quickly the server greets me by name (from the reservation) and offers us an aperitif.  They have a very impressive selection of wines by the glass, around 100 of them!!  (I wonder how many of them go to waste from being open)  I selected a Willamette Valley Pinot Noir which was lovely and ordered another half glass with the entree. 

We quickly ordered our entrees in hope that our promptness will equal receiving our food quickly!  Definitely not the case, it seriously took 50 minutes for our entrees to arrive.  One of the managers visited out table multiple times and informed us that dessert would be on the house.  (Good thing we told the server what we wanted when we ordered our entrees so we wouldn't look like we were trying to get the most expensive thing on the dessert menu.)

I enjoyed the 6 ounce petite filet at $33.95 and a side of creamed spinach.  The steak was a good portion for me not being particularly hungry and the creamed spinach ($8.50) was good but didn't need the extra parmesan cheese on top to make it good.

The dessert also took an unusually long time too.  The sampler included their signature Lava Cake (mini size and wasn't lava'y at all), peach cobbler, crme brulee, and vanilla gelato.  The peach cobbler was definitely the best! 

With the dessert being comp'd my total bill (just me) with gratuity was just under $100.
Husband and I went there for the restaurant week specials.

The food:
The potato fennel soup with truffle oil was HEAVENLY!! I would highly recommend this dish. The ravioli was okay to my husband, who is not a vegetarian, but wonderful for my friends, who are vegetarians. My salmon with grilled vegetables was excellent. The salmon was perfectly cooked. Since I was already kind of full on the heavenly soup, I had to take part of the salmon home. The fish was still delicious after microwaving the second day. The creamy sauce with capers for the fish is not bad but dark capers in white sauce don't look very appetizing to me. My husband's rare sirloin was excellent. The side sweet potato gratin was also delicious. My dessert was a shortcake with lots of berries in syrup. It's not something I would order at regular price but it was a very nice and refreshing finishing to my meal. My husband's frozen lemon souffle with mango syrupy thingy was also very refreshing and quite big too. 

Conclusion:
My heavenly soup at the beginning of my meal kind of made everything else not as heavenly in comparison. But I might venture here again should special occasions arise for some gourmet pampering.
Wow. Bone-in-filet. I didn't even know they had that!

You can get it prepared with salt and pepper or a bearnaise sauce. I opted for the salt and pepper, which was DELISH, but next time I might give the bearnaise a shot (who doesn't love bearnaise with their steak??).

Seriously though, this steak was one of the best filets I've ever had. My only gripe is that the meat close to the bone was not as good as the rest of the steak.

Sorry I cheated on you, Morton's, but I think I might have to come back and try their regular filet to see if it's as good as the bone-in one.

We also got to sample their awesome happy hour drinks and appetizers. Cheap mixed drinks, wine, beer, and food in a classy atmosphere? Absolutely great. I had a pomegranate martini, and we shared 2 appetizers: wicked cajun bbq shrimp (it was OK) and ahi tuna (also not bad).

Our sides were good. On par with other upscale steakhouses.

We also had a great red wine with dinner. Can't remember what it was called though.

Our waiter was nice, attentive, and even gave us complimentary coffee. Of course, if you spent the amount of money we did, the waiter better be on top of his game!

Brian, if you ever read this, thanks SOOOOOO much for the great dinner! You're awesome.
Dinner on a Tuesday night was quite quiet and there was very little sign of any lingering happy hour goers. 

The food here deserves at least 4 stars. The crab cakes were very "crabby" and my Porcini Rubbed Filet was perfectly cooked at medium rare and paired with Flemings Scalloped potatoes, my stomach was perfectly content. The Creme Brulee (a second option after we found out the Lava Cake was out...boohoo) was sub-par. 

Pretty good cocktail and wine menu - with a 99 calorie cocktail selection. I had the "farmer's skinny daughter." Not bad!

Personally, the steak was great, but Donovan's may have a slighter edge. 

Service was friendly, but a bit intrusive at times. Places like this, you'd sometimes like to just continue your conversation without a verbal cue from the waitress that your water was being filled. Nonetheless - service was not bad. 

Tips: Parking seemed bad - "splurge" for parking at $8. 

Lava cake takes 20 minutes to prepare so put your order in early.
Happy Hour?! More like Blissful & Delicious Hour! 

Came here for the "5 for $6 'til 7".  They offer 5 cocktails, 5 wines, 5 apps and a Prime Burger w/bacon and cheese for $6 each.  The selections may seem limited in options, but they more than compensate for it in the portion size and flavor!  

The Wicked Cajun Barbecue Shrimp comes out hot and sizzling.  Made me wish I had more bread to sop up the sauce, but I contained myself considering where I was!  The Sweet Chile Calamari was a delicious variation of a classic.  Red and banana peppers offered a nice tang to the sweet and spicy sauce.  As far as the Prime Burger, I didn't expect anything less!  This burger pulverizes any burger or slider found on other happy hour menus.  Practically melts in your mouth and the seasoned bacon adds an extra punch.

Great place to go if you want to elevate your happy hour experience.  Gets pretty busy so come early.  I totally see why two ladies tried to push us out of our seats before we could even pay our bill!
First words that come to mind when i think of Shay's is cute and relaxing.  This is a British themed pub right in the heart of Harvard Square.  Although other than the old Underground/tube signs there isn't much British about it.  It is a very small, old, wood pub which gives it a cozy feel.  They offer drink specials and have an amazing seasonal hot cider with port wine that is definitely worth trying... perfect after a fall day full of shopping or walking around.  Staff is always friendly and they offer outside seating (when the weather is nice).  its a great spot to sit relax and people watch.  I recommend Shay's!
Yummy! with seriousness of delicious, great style cooking steak. 

If you want a nice mixed with a little wild night club touch well my friends this is it! Drop in friday nights where a local Gipsy style music LIVE is present. Making i

Their menu has it all. From their good starters moving to the main dishes and desserts. All great foods.
I've tried the Flemmings filet, medium rare, cooked to perfection.
This filet came with a puffy crust, kinda like a calzone topped with mushrooms. It tasted better seperate from the filet versus together.
Next time I'd go for a regular Filet Mignon or so.
We picked a crowd pleasing wine: Flowers from Napa, a red Pino Noir which was an easy drink, maybe a bit light for steak but since some of us had the special Halibut it worked out perfectly.
I loved the large portion of shoestring potato.
The Halibut was served with a curry sauce and bok shoi, very nicely done. My creme Brulee was awesome and also generous in size.
I love this little place! The decor is very interesting. I love the wine bottle design on the ceiling. I think it's awesome that one entire wall is a chalkboard and the wine menu is written on the chalkboard. The people that work there are very nice and friendly. I've been to Bacaro at least 20 times and I've never had a bad experience. The price is just right- surprisingly it's not expensive at all. The food is delicious. I love bringing people to Bacaro, they always love it and want to go back and introduce others to it. Everything about this place is just awesome. I highly recommend going.
My mom and I traveled to Pittsburgh to visit family 3hrs outside of Pittsburgh. We decided to spend one night in the city since neither one of us had been there. After searching Yelp reviews for Pittsburgh restaurants, I decided to make reservations at Toast. My mom and I love tasting menus, so this was just what we were looking for. Our reservations were for a Thursday night. We found parking on the street, the area is bit sketchy. The restaurant was busy and the group that walked in before us didn't have reservations and had to wait. So I was glad we made reservations. They seated us immediately in one of the smaller rooms upstairs. Very intimate setting with a fireplace. Tables were spaced really well for privacy. My mother and I order the tasting menu with wine pairing. At any nice restaurant, this is always the BEST way to go. 4-course $40 w/wine $25. A total bargain for what we got!!! My favorites dishes of the night: Escargot - was cooked and seasoned perfectly, Oysters - beautiful presentation and fresh. Beets - served three ways were awesome, but I Love Beets! The Hangar Steak was melt in your mouth tender. And my favorite dish of the night was the Goat Cheese and Rock Shrimp Cheesecake! I wasn't sure what to expect as it sounds kind of weird, but my mom and I both agreed it was the Most Surprising and Best dish of the night! And it was a very large portion! The wine pairings were done really well, they went with each dish beautifully. There were a few wines we had never tasted anything like before that were SO good. After such a perfect meal and being pretty full, we couldn't help but order a dessert to share. We decided on the chocolate peanut butter sandwich, which was made with homemade chocolate cake with peanut butter ice cream in between! Need I say more!? Coffee was really good. Overall, one of the best meals I've had in the last year! Toast exceeded all of my expectations! Too bad Portland is so far away!
Happy Hour Review:

M-F at 5pm to 7pm:
Bar Foods - $6
Selected cocktails and wines $6.

I had the Shiraz Morse Code and tried the Stoli Bombshell cocktail but it was too tart.

They give you a side of thinly sliced potato chips if you are sitting at the bar. Come early at 5pm because it gets crowded (mostly by older folks) around 5:30pm.  Easy parking in PA is a plus!

Here's the menu (also listed on the website)

5 COCKTAILS
VINTAGE VODKA MARTINI, Smirnoff Vodka
CLEAR COSMO, Svedka Vodka
POMTINI, Smirnoff Vodka
TROPICAL MARTINI, Malibu Coconut Rum
*STOLI BOMBSHELL, Stoli Vanil Vodka

5 WINES BY THE GLASS**
CHARDONNAY, Canyon Road, California
PINOT NOIR, Mark West, California
SHIRAZ, Morse Code, Australia
MERLOT, Red Diamond, Washington
CABERNET, Sensual, Argentina

5 APPETIZERS
TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO
SWEET CHILE CALAMARI
WICKED CAJUN BARBECUE SHRIMP
SEARED AHI TUNA
JUMBO SHRIMP COCKTAIL

FLEMING'S PRIME BURGER , Cheese and Bacon

Each Selection $6. Served Nightly Until 7PM.

BLUE MOON BELGIAN WHITE ALE , 2 for $6
We were spending the weekend in Palo Alto and went to Flemings for dinner. This is nothing new, we have been there on several occasions. What turned out to make this trip a 5 star rated dining experience was the incredible service from our waiter Mike. He was amazing, made us laugh and showed us what an incredible restaurant this really is! What made our experience even better was having the Chef Partner Chris Bennett come to our table and share in our dining experience. He not only asked about our dining experience he took an interest talking to us about what brought us there and spent his time just making us feel so welcome and thankful we were there.  It was such an incredible experience, we have eaten at some incredible restaurants all around the bay area but, this time we had so much fun and enjoyed it so much we cannot wait to go back. Thank you Mike and Chris for helping my wife and I celebrate my birthday and making it one of the most memorable experiences we have ever had? We will be back to see you again and again we can promise you that! Thanks again for everything, especially the laughs, it was a joy to experience what a great restaurant is all about, great food, great service and folks that truly care that your experience was all you would expect at a fine dining restaurant. One more thing to say about our experience, as if I need to say more, tell me the last time a Chef and Waiter sent you an email thanking you for coming to their restaurant the next morning. Guys, thank you again for making my birthday a magnificent experience!
Bacaro is a well kept secret just a few blocks away from the USC campus. With black boards for walls, the small venue and narrow tables makes for an intimate yet casual atmosphere. What a great place for a few friends to share laughs and a bottle of wine! 

With small portions, Bacaro is ideal for a late afternoon snack, appetizers, and late night drinks and desserts. The bread pudding is absolutely delicious as well as any dessert covered in nutella. 

For those of you that are wine fans, Bacaro has an all you can drink deal for 25$. But, I usually spend my 25 trying all sorts of small dishes ranging from mac and cheese to pig ears! Hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
I love Flemings! Service was great and my steak was good too! The interior of this restaurant is very nice- would go again!
I know one place I will not be returning to when I visit our RPI guy...  Unless I'm coming to watch a swing or tango, I really have no reason to return.  I checked in with my fellow yelpers upon hearing our son's recommendation and made a reservation to enjoy what he felt were great drinks and memorable bruschetta (assuming the food would follow suit...).  The martini was a disaster, his gin and tonic was tonic infused with gin, and we had THE WORST prime rib and mashed potatoes EVER.  Do not bother to order the "carbonara" - unless you enjoy pasta cooked "al chef boyardee" mush and obnoxious amounts of cream - its more a mush meets alfredo and had a bad date.  Interesting architecture, boring service and food that quite frankly wasn't worth the paper our bill was printed on - save yourself some dead presidents and order pizza in... Or just go dancing, stick with water, and get your high somewhere else in town...
It's pretty rare (among moderately-priced restaurants, at least) to enter a new restaurant, be greeted by the owners, and made instantly to feel at home.  And at a wine bar, of all places.  

We've visited Bacaro a few times for dinner since its opening.  The owners, Santos and Danny, have never failed to give us the latest scoop on what's new at their establishment, from giving us samples of their newest wines to asking us to try out the new dish that Santos  meticulously concocted that afternoon (In each case he has never failed to amaze).

The restaurant itself is small and comfortable, dimly lit, with dark wood for tables and trim, and a sort of skylight above, highlighting hundreds of empty wine bottles.  Good music, too.  Well done!

The wine list is distinct and exotic.  Bacaro has helped us to appreciate Italian wines, which at first seemed intimidating just from the sheer difficulty of pronouncing the names.   If you are sampling wines there, be sure to ask for "Lacrima".  It's strong and rosy...a new favorite.

As for the food, the portions are small and made to be shared and sampled.  Sorry, no all-American portions here, though I wouldn't mind having a whole platter of the bruscetta or a dozen orders of the eggplant atop a polenta square all to myself.  They did inform us that all of their produce is organic, which is good to know.  They also use a lot of sheep's and goat's milk in their cheese dishes, which are all quite unique.  For dessert, I'll suggest the strawberry nutella panini (so simple yet so good), or the gorgonzola, date, and walnut crostini...very interesting.

-M
Had late lunch here with 2 friends yesterday. What a lovely, charming place!  I couldn't agree more with the previous review that mentioned you feel like your walking into a cozy living room when you enter. Antique furniture, menus in old library books, and warm, inviting environment!
Service was outstanding! My friend asked about a wine & was promptly brought a taste before making her decision. I love that the menu has detailed explanations of the foods and wines.

This is a Tapas & small plate place, so don't think your going to gorge yourself on meat & potatoes. I prefer this light style eating so I was in heaven!  I enjoyed the beet & goat cheese salad with a nice glass of monastrell. My friend's chicken pesto panino looked awesome too!

Plus, they serve a cupcake of the day made by a local baker. Lucky for me, my favorite Red Velvet was available! I've never had a more delicious treat!

I don't live in SLO, but do frequent the area and Granada bistro will be on my short list of places to frequent when I'm there.
The food was delicious -- for the most part. The dining experience, on the other hand, was an utter disappointment. 

We were there for a birthday dinner, and the menu was finalized a couple weeks in advance. In other words, they already knew ahead of time what we were supposed to be served for dinner. Yet they somehow managed to mess up the order throughout the entire evening. 

For appetizers, we were supposed to receive individually plated scallops and a puff pastry. What came out instead was a spinach dip and a tuna tartar, served family style. When we told them about the mixup, they apologized and said they'll fix it. Fifteen minutes later, our appetizers came out again -- this time they were individually plated spinach dip on a cracker, and tuna tartar on a cracker. Huh?

When the manager finally came out again to apologize, she asked if we wanted to have the scallops and puff pastry. But by this time, we were so hungry that we just asked that the salad and main course be served.

The service up to this point had been extremely slow. When the salad came out, it had already been an hour and a half after the entire group had been seated. It's one thing to be served at a leisurely pace at a fine dining establishment. It's a whole other thing to be kept waiting for so long for the food. They at least refilled our bread baskets, which were delicious. But we weren't at Fleming's for the bread baskets.

The main courses were heavenly, and would have redeemed Fleming's for their previous mixups ... but then they had to mess up the sides! When we decided on the menu a couple weeks back, we had selected potatoes and sauteed green beans. Those sides were even printed on our custom menu for the evening. What came out instead was potatoes ... and more spinach! Really?? After much apologies, they brought out the green beans. By this time we were joking that our dessert was going to come out with a side of spinach. 

Now let's talk about dessert. After the plates were cleared, we were served the correct dish -- creme brulee. We wanted to like it. We really did. Unfortunately, the dish came out at room temperature instead of chilled, the caramelized sugar wasn't well done, and the custard itself was rather liquidy, almost like yogurt that had been diluted equal parts with water. About a third of the table didn't finish their dessert.

For their part, the manager and head waiter did seem apologetic about the whole fiasco. They comped the appetizers, and offered each of us $25 vouchers. Unfortunately, the vouchers had to be used by end of next month, and after such an experience, none of us were in the mood to come back again so soon.

Sorry, Fleming's. We had high hopes for you, but you left us disappointed.
This was my first visit to Flemings.  The restaurant was nicely decorated but for some strange reason, I felt over dressed with my cute dress on.  I guess seeing other patrons in their jeans made me feel too dressy.  Or maybe they didn't fit the restaurant? 

So, me and my date ordered our food.  I ordered filet Mignon and a side of garlic mash.  My date ordered the Prime Rib Sunday meal, which came with wedge salad, cream spinach and chocolate lava cake.  As an appetizer, we ordered chili calamari.  That was my least favorite dish.  The sauce kinda reminded me of sweet and sour sauce from a Chinese restaurant.  And it gave me an instant stomach ache but my date was fine.  Sensitive tummy, I guess.

Overall, the food was good.  I enjoyed my meat and would come back to try the Prime Rib meal.  I will never order the calamari again!
What I ordered:
Seared Ahi Tuna Salad (A)

Napa has always been my regular choice for some good Mac & Cheese but I dared to try something not on the Happy Hour menu (gasp!). The tuna salad was probably the best I've ever had, it was light and refreshing but had enough savory bite to it to keep you full. If you get the large, I promise you it's enough to share between 2 people, maybe even 3. 

Granted Napa isn't known as the go-to-place for college students on a budget but after my experience with this dish, I think they might just be worth splurging for.
Delicious Tapas And Inexpensive..Fresh, High Quality, and a must try! 

4.5 Stars!

This restaurant is tiny, yet up beat. It is stylish and contemporary. The minute you walk inside you know you are going to have a good time. Immediately, your eyes move upward where hundreds of bottles of wine are resting..on the ceiling. Yes, on the ceiling. 

So, Yelper Maggie C and I hit this place up in desperate need of something new and different. This place was both..a very unique experience. 

****HAPPY HOUR: Everything on the menu is 5 Bucks!**** 

The restaurant separates its Tapas by "Cold," "Hot," and "Grilled." 

~The Hot 
1.Artichoke hearts with parmigiano reggiano: Delicious-4.5 Stars 
2.The Bacaro Burger: Add a fried egg for a buck. Absolutely Delicious. 
4.0 Stars. 
3.Pan-seared Scallops: I don't like scallops to begin with. My least 
favorite. 3 Stars. 
4. Honey Chicken- AOK- 3 Stars. 
~The Dessert 
5. Home made Ice Cream with Honey-4 Stars. 
6. Nutella Sandwich with strawberries and banana-3.0 Stars. 

This is a must try place. Totally unique. Fantastic Happy Hour. They do take reservations on some days so call ahead. This place is right by USC, so you will see many students and, possibly, a few teachers. 

Can't We All Yelp Along!
I like it. A good place to get a beer or glass of wine and read, chill, whatever. Haven't tried the food, and probably won't try it. The wine by the glass list is nice, and the beer list has some respectable beers (Sam Smith, Paulaner, Pilsner Urquell, Hoegarden).
We had a super dinner here last night. The 8 oz filet mignon was tender and wonderful...maybe too much meat for me. The scalloped potatoes recommended by our server were a big hit. Loved everything.
Service was very attentive...
Will def be back.
the food here is amazing.  you would never think that a hamburger could taste this good.  every entree i had was delicious!  what stood out was the scallops, hamburger, steak, and cheese plate.  lots of wine to choose from, but they are in another language so i just randomly chose one.  small quaint little place and decorated with wine bottles on the ceiling.  you could walk right past it and not even know it was there.  it is the perfect place for a date or even a birthday party.   highly recommended.
This was my first service at Flemings. The ambiance and service are great. The food is ok and overpriced. All the entrees are a la carte meaning they come with nothing, so you have to order for any sides you want. All in all it was very expensive for an uninspiring meal.
This place is stellar on every level - except the wine offerings.  Really?  For a place with the words Napa Valley in it?  Yes.  I go to Napa Valley up north often for wine tasting and always find great wines of every varietal.  This place is no Napa.  Maybe Santa Barbara, but not Napa.  They should hire the sommelier from over at Providence.  That guy/gal definitely knew his/her wines and blew me away.

But their food and service here is very good.    Their salads are pretty good.  The ahi tuna is 4 slices of tuna blackened to perfection.  The pork taco was awesome - a big chuck of tender meat with a little tortilla wrap. Grilled vegetables were nothing special.   The star that night was a fettucini-al-some-pork/beef-thing that was so good it reminded me of a similar dish I had in Firenze - the difference being NVG's pasta not tasting freshly made.  

And yes, the service was 5 stars.
This is my 2nd time at this place and I still like it. I ordered Spaghetti del Bosco wild mushrooms, butternut squash, pancetta, grana padano and my husband ordered Linguine Vongole clams, white wine, garlic, olive oil, red pepper flakes, scallions. Even our toddler liked the pasta from this place. I would come here again next time I visit Princeton.  It's very crowded though so get there early.
I received a $50 gift certificate to Flemings and was looking forward to this beautifully-lighted inviting restaurant. I give our experience a mixed review:  Although not primarily a steak fan, I ordered the prix-fixe bistro steak option which started with a hearty well flavored mushroom soup which was poorly-plated and had spilled over into the saucer. The single glass Petite Syrah was served in a beaker which was poured into a beautiful red wine glass and then placed on the white table cloth  which promptly became stained with the bottom of the beaker which had not been cleaned of spilled red wine. Just then, my wife shared her beautifully-cooked and abundant lobster tempura which proved to be one of the highlights of the meal. The bistro steak arrived nicely cooked at medium rare in an attractive cabernet butter sauce but was alternatively stringy and tender. The meal was ultimately saved with a flawless shared chocolate cake. With one glass of wine and my wife eating only two appetizers, the tab came to $88 - - a little high for a mixed experience but well worth the $38 we paid.
Updating my review after my third visit to Vinology, this time on my birthday which fell during Restaurant Week.

My experience with Restaurant Week - both here and in Washington, DC -  is that it has the potential to bring out the worst in a restaurant.  More reservations than usual means a swamped kitchen and a stressed out staff.  At other restaurants that has resulted in steaks so "medium well" that they couldn't be cut with a steak knife, which had to be specifically requested from the kitchen and arrived after the charred steak had cooled all the way through.  This was not the case at Vinology this past Sunday.

My husband and I arrived with no reservation at 7pm, desperately hoping for a nice dinner after leaving a very disappointing Eve on their last night of service.  We were seated immediately by an attentive server, who made sure that we were happy with every aspect of our meal - a wine flight each, small appetizers, AMAZING half portions of scallops, steak and venison, and a dessert on the house: Captain Crunch ice cream, which was more wonderful than you'd think.

On the whole the evening cemented for me what I was already starting to suspect: that Vinology is my favorite place for fine dining in A2.
Went in during a weekday afternoon, parking was easy and we went dressed semi-casual. I never want to go to any place that gives off a snooty feel and this place was very welcoming, the server Matt  ( I think) was very personable, professional and did a great job to stay on top of our needs. We ordered a crispy/spicy calamari as an appetizer....it was delicious, sweet and spicy. We then split a Ceasar salad which was perfect size to tie us over to the main entrees. We had steak with lobster loaded mashed potatoes with a side of fiery shrimp. The fiery shrimp were crazy good! I had the pork chop, it was tasty but  it needed more of sauce on it as it was a tad on the dry side...or even a sweet/spicy dip to go with it. Overall it was all good.  4 stars for food and 1 extra star for the great friendly non snooty service and liked the low lit atmosphere =) !
Didn't have a chance to even taste the food. After I had waited 30 minutes to sit down, the manager sat another set of guests before me party. What got me, was they were sat in a more desirable section. The rating is for service, do with it what you will. I walked out.
Update:  We had made reservations online, so the next day my husband got an email asking how we liked our experience at Flemings.  My husband responded that we didn't, they asked more questions and then offered to comp us a free dinner if we would return.  The thing is - there is a Flemings near our house, so we have no desire to drive all the way back to Palo Alto.  Then they actually credited the money back to my card!  I have to say, that was a really classy thing to do.  I don't  really know what to do as far as the ratings are concerned - I did previously give the one in Walnut Creek a high rating and I can't give the food in Palo Alto a high rating, since we aren't going back.  But I suppose I'll give them 3 stars because of the good customer service they showed by crediting the money back; we certainly did not expect that at all.  So Flemings in Palo Alto, you do deserve another chance and I hope we were just there on an off night.
Vinology was just "meh"


Don't get me wrong, there is a huge wine selection and some late night food, but nothing was overly impressive. We came for drinks/late night menu and ordered 2 wines and 2 items off the food menu. This total came out to be $50. Thats...a bit expensive i think, no?

Anyway, we had the warm baby brie & corned beef sliders. Both the items were okay....but it seemed store bought and re-heated before they were served to us. The corned beef tasted like something I could buy at Kroger. Same with the brie.

However, the wines we had were pretty good. I had the moscato - very sweet and delicious. Yes it didn't taste like wine, but i wanted something of that nature. so there! :P

Overall, I'll come back if there's good company and wine, but I'll probably stay away from the food. Nothing special for over $10 an item
This place is SMALL but their affordable wine list and delicious tapas ROCKS!

Their assortment of salami and cheeses went well with their wines.  Surprisingly their mini pizzas were good and their artichoke hearts were probably the best I ever had.
I only eat about 4 dinners out in Princeton per year.  I moved away several years ago and only go back once in a while.  However, when I am in town, Teresa's tops the list of casual sit down places I must go.  

Teresa's has a great energy.  It also has one of the best locations in town (maybe best).  There can be a wait on a Friday night, but it is well worth it.  While many out of towners like this place, Teresa's is definitely a Princetonian favorite - I see someone I know everytime I go there.  

Check it out!
I ordered the bone in filet mignon
Decent price. Wasn't so great. A bit dry for my taste :p
Wouldn't suggest ordering steak here 
Although the potato with cheese was pretty good 
For dessert I had their chocolate lava... It's average
Consistently great service, great people and always go out of there way to be accommodating.    They are in high demand so there is a wait at the door typically. 

I will put my name on the list and head across the street to the taproom to sit down for a drink and Teresa's staff is nice enough to come across the street to let me know when the table is ready.  Where else can you get that kind of service.

The manager is fantastic and has come over to our table to offer wines that he enjoys.

The wait staff is always knowledgeable and professional.
Cold beer & tasty treats .... most relaxed spot in the square. Do it!
Believe the hype. 

Biba is really the perfect place to spend any part of your day. It's an especially amazing place to decompress, chat, nibble, sip, giggle and generally enjoy just being.

I forced my boyfriend to accompany me to "biba before bed" (Biba's late-night version of happy hour where all glasses of wine are $6). He was apprehensive and we were a little intimidated by the pretentious dudes smoking skinny weird cigarettes outside, but once we stepped through the doors it was 2 hours of awesome. We weren't transported anywhere, I didn't feel like I was somewhere other than West Philly but that's the point! 

Highlights: 
-I had somewhere to hang my coat and purse under the bar
-I discovered The Bird and The Bee's music
-The bf, an avid red wine hater, was introduced to a red that he loves
-The eggplant panino is a) listed in correct, singular noun form (instead of panini)  and b) freaking delicious
- Noticing that we had ordered one panino to share between us, it was brought out already cut into two, on separate plates, aside a tiny but really tasty salad. No asking, sending back, awkwardly taking turns biting. Nice touch, Biba.
-The guy behind the bar was SO accommodating to my indecisiveness and tendency to be long-winded about things that don't matter

Suggestion for Biba:
-Change the name of the "Biba Meat Plate." Amidst fancy french this and sassy Italian that "Biba Meat Plate" sounds gross. I wanted it, but I couldn't bring myself to order it. 

Thank you, Biba. I couldn't have thought of a better way to spend a Thursday night. (and thanks Yelpers for puttin' me on.)
the penne all'arrabbiata was delicious! now seeing all the reviews about the pizza makes me wish i'd tried it. will have to go back another time to check it out :)
My friend and I had a good time at Bacaro last night. I work in the area, and I'm glad Bacaro exists as a nice, cozy, after-work spot with good food, good value and friendly service. 

That's sufficient for a one-line review. After all, what more can one ask out of an experience than that a good time was had by all?


Bacaro was solid on all points--food, service, ambiance. Their menu is split into two main categories:  vegetables and dishes that are some combination of meat/cheese/bread. We ordered a couple of each--the beets and the cauliflower, the bacon/brie pizza and the crostini combo with gorgonzola and dates, mascarpone with sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese with endive marmalade.

Everything was good but not particularly memorable. The veggies were a tad too salty for my taste, but the cauliflower, spiked with some kind of spice, had a healthy kick. Also, the gorgonzola/date crostini doubled as a nice piece of dessert. 

My only complaint was the size of the plates. I get that it's a tapas bar, essentially, but were it not for the $5-a-plate happy hour price, I would have felt a bit ripped off by our portion size.

On the wine-side of things, we stuck to two lighter reds, the names of which, pardon me, I cannot remember. One was a syrrah and the other was ........ something else. They were definitely drinkable, but the syrrah was better.
+: Food 
    Decent prices (during happy hour). 

-: Very small place (lots of hovering folk waiting for open spots)
    Service wasn't that great.

Probably wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't object to going back.
Small Wine Bar with Small Plates of Food Near USC

The USC area was known for fast food and nothing more.  Barcaro, started by two USC students is a very small and uncomfortable, wine bar.  The wine is generally lesser known, but always good.  

The food menu varies from day to day, but is always very good, albeit expensive and very small plates.  You should expect to order 2-3 things for a dinner, as they are appetizer size.  My favs are the burger (very untraditional), the cheese plate, and a roasted root vegi plate.  

Don't go there with friends after 6:30 as the place only holds about 25 people and on Thursdays and Fridays, the place is invaded by students, so getting a table is impossible and you're only recourse is to stand around for 30 minutes or more.  

The seating is bench style, so if you have a bad back, it will be very uncomfortable for you.  Parking can be a challenge, but if you go around the block and approach Union from 24th street, you'll see a gate leading to a small back parking area, holding about 15 cars tops.  Its a secret, so you ought to find a spot there.  

Hard to resist a bottle of wine and a few small plates of food, so this place will set you back probably $30 for dinner.  My advice is to go early.
As a Penn student, Biba is now my top spot around campus if I want to have a romantic dinner or take a friend out for a classy meal that wont break the bank.

I recently went to Biba for the second time when a good friend of mine (who is a total foodie) came to visit.  Every first bite he took of each plate was with closed eyes and a look of utter ecstasy on his face.  The only dish we thought was only "good" as opposed to delicious was the meat plate.  We really enjoyed the mixed olives, the truffled egg with spinach (served in a cute sizzling skillet), the cheese (I forgot the name) that's served shaved into a pretty flower shape with honey that you drizzle on top, and the truffled mushroom pate.  It doesn't sound like much food for two but with all the bread, you feel full surprisingly quickly.  They are always willing to bring you more bread as well if you need it.  I don't know a lot about wine but the really friendly staff are always willing to help me choose something that always tastes great.  At under $10 a glass, it's a steal.  

My only complaint about Biba is when it's really crowded, it can get really noisy.  The first time I went there with my boyfriend I could barely hear him from across the table.  Otherwise, definitely one of my favorite restaurants for an upscale dinner without the hefty price tag.
I was in LA for a very short layover and my friend met me and took me to this place.  It was a Monday evening around 9pm and the place was packed.  Fortunately there was a table for us and we settled in to chat.

Our order was taken nearly immediately by very friendly staff.  It was also nice to see the owner and chef in the dining room talking to their guests and making sure that everything was to the diners' liking.  We ordered 2 glasses of wine (ok, there may have been more after that) which were recommended to us perfectly to fit our budget - half off by the glass wine on Mondays!! - and our dinner.

Let's start with the food concept before we move on to taste - the places are "small" but each was more than enough that we were able to comfortably share and have a decent taste of each dish; you get your money's worth.  The selection is really unbelievable - plenty of vegetarian and carnivore options. 

The food was delicious.  The first thing out of the kitchen was the cauliflower, which so many others write about.  I was not disappointed and the only sad thing about it is that I will certainly crave this dish when I'm 3,000 miles away.   I don't remember what else we ordered really because it was all delicious.  We demolished everything, including the bread pudding, which is saying a lot because neither my friend nor I like bread pudding.  

Chef Hillel was charming and attentive, as was our server, yet both left my friend and I alone to catch up and chat.  The atmosphere was great - perfect for a date or a girls' night out.  (But if you're on a date, you might not order the roasted garlic pizza - though delicious, perhaps not the right choice for that particular occasion!)

I'd recommend this place to all my friends in LA and will certainly be back on my next trip.  Thanks for a great experience.
Great food , the service was good from the waiter but the bus boys were terrible. I will give them a second chance since they gave me a free dessert for my birthday.
The interior and atmosphere were very nice, but the food left much to be desired.  Slightly overcooked fish and chicken.  Very plain meals that I could make at home for WAY cheaper.  Very nice wine selection though.  Also, our server had the personality of a door knob.
Visited April 2009

I stayed at the Nassau Inn across the street from Teresa. On a whim, because I couldn't really decide on what to eat, we went to Teresa's. I ordered the Minestrone soup and a cheese pizza pie. My boyfriend ordered the pasta integrale. EVERYTHING tasted delicious! 

Maybe its just something about Princeton, but I love everything about it!
Went here for my husband's high school reunion on Saturday night (probably had nothing to do with the migraine the following day!!).  I think they had reserved the whole place since I didn't see anyone without a lame name tag.
It was a cash bar with appetizers and a buffet for dinner.  For $40 per person, I expected something better.  The drinks weren't really too highly priced,  but not great either.  I had a margarita (came in a small martini glass?!) for $7.  Not the worst one I've ever had, but far from the best.  The appetizers were fair as well but nothing to write home about.  Caprese salad (tomatoes and mozzarella but nary a basil leaf to be seen!), fresh fruit with a  cute presentation (cut in slices with toothpicks in it's original shells),some kind of fruity yogurt dip substance , crudite. and an italian meat platter with low grade proscuitto, salamis etc.
The buffet dinner was passable.  Tortellini two ways, one in a very good alfredo sauce, and one in a red sauce which I honestly didn't even taste.  Plus a chicken and veggie stir fry with the rice mixed in, covered in a sweet sauce that I'm going to go out on a limb and guess was teriyaki.
Nothing was awful, but really, for $80 a couple?   
The worst thing was the noise level!  Or maybe the heat!  Saturday was a beautiful day but it had to be 90 degrees in there - most of us went outside to escape the temperatures inside!  And the noise - if a place can't handle 100 people who are talking, they shouldn't book 100 people - unless it's a mime convention.  You had to yell into the ear of the person next to you to even have a chance of being heard.
On the plus side - hence the three stars, it is a really beautiful place.  The room is full of dark wood, a mural on one wall and really comfy couches near the end.  The waitstaff was unfailingly helpful (although as a "spouse" at a reunion, even when I asked nicely, none of them was willing to kill me!), and professional.  
I'd like to try it again for dinner sometime, but I am a little afraid of the noise issue.  100 sitting diners would make almost as much noise - would it be as bad?
Ate here last week with a private group. I had the carrot soup, prime sirloin, and molten chocolate cake. The soup was decent, but needed a little something in the seasoning department. Some ginger and salt would have done the job, but oh well. The sirloin was cooked to medium rare, which is what I prefer, but that was just lucky - the waiter never bothered to ask how I would like my steak done. The real problem was with the sirloin's accompaniments: overly oily and tasteless potato wedges with unidentified, overcooked greens. Also at issue was the ENORMOUS "pat" (more like block) of herbed butter sitting atop the sirloin. I love butter and cook with mass amounts of it, but this was serious overkill. Literally. I shoved it off of my steak to avoid an imminent heart attack. The molten chocolate cake was pretty standard and satisfying. Nothing special, but perfectly decadent and almost made me forget the grease-bomb that was my main.
Here's the deal: I kind of hate Shay's.  Their draught list is terrible, and while their outdoor seating area is fantastic, it's highly unlikely you'll ever find a spot there.  But...if you do, it's quite possibly the best seating in Harvard Square (including people-watching of course!)  Tough call.  Three stars.
I really like this bar for a relaxed hang-out sesh.  The bartender was kind of gruff, but he just added to the ambience of the place.  My friend Jake got drunk off of just one of their beers which just puts the bar closer to my heart.  I've never been to Shays during the summer, but I'm sure its outdoor patio would be an awesome place to chill with friends.
this is for Happy Hour only.

this place gets 5 stars for happy hour. it's one of my best happy hr experience.

all happy hr price is $6 on selected items

we ordered, a prime burger w/ cheese and bacon, it's a generous portion for happy hr! i've never tasted such juicy burger before, i mean i have at other gourmet burger joints..but this place.. it was just dripping w/ juice...mmmm.  i love the bun, it was so soft. but the meat.. a good medium-rare although it was a bit more on the rare side but it's okay i'd still eat it.. mmm blood.. haha..it was a good $6 burger; very juicy. It came w/ two onion rings, it was perfectly battered, crispy and light. it was not oily at all. 

we also got an order of crab cake (2 cakes) .. jumbo lumps!!! none of those flat crab cakes filled w/ other ingredients and breadcrumbs.. this one here is pure crab meat.. every single bite big lumpy crab meat---yum! it came w/ a red pepper sauce...the crab cake alone was good enough, i didnt need the sauce.

got the seared ahi tuna (8 decent slices), this one is good. nothing special. it came w/ a spicy mustard sauce, it's got a kick to it.. it's pretty much taste like wasabi / horseradish and mustard. defintely did not need the wasabi that they garnished w/ the sauce alone was spicy enough. The tuna was fresh, but the whole dish itself was just good - satisfying.

the last dish we got was the calamari  - this dish was just okay. again nothing special...the calamari was supposed to be crispy / crunchy but i guess due to the sweet chili sauce that they mixed in w/ the calamari made the calamari all soggy..it wasnt that good, but it wasnt bad either. 

at the end of our meal we ordered a dessert, the chocolate lava cake. The cake itself is good - rich and soft dark chocolatey cake, one thing i was disappointed about was that it wasn't "lava-ly" not chocolate was oozing out. i guess our waitress noticed me poking around the cake ..and apologized about it. She even asked the kitchen to make another one.. but it would have taken them 14min. because i didnt want to wait, i just told her not to worry about it.  she then said that she'll take the dessert off of our bill. NOW this is what i call good service and quick thinking as a waitress. 

what won me over was the burger for $6 and the jumbo crab cake for $6.. these two dishes alone made this happy hour a Five Star already. on top of that great service! 

i cant wait to come back here for happy hr again!
I was here recently for happy hour and a work-related dinner.

First off, I stopped by their bar for their happy hour specials.  Homemade potato chips at the bar were delicious and hit the spot, with the summer ale on tap.

Onwards to dinner.  Filet was perfectly cooked, and perfectly seasoned.  I'm comparing this one to the one I had at  Ruth's Chris, which was over salted and ridiculously greasy in comparison.

Scalloped potatoes were awesome.  I nearly died of cheese overload.

I will definitely be back for their happy hour specials.  I'm itching to try their $6, half-pound prime burger.
Food was 3 stars regular, tack on an extra star for location and Tyra Banks sitting next to our table thus making all of life that much prettier for the visiting Rubi
I've been here a few times over the past 6 months and loved everything I tried-- largely food, but some cheeses and wines as well. 

Wine and cheese during happy hour are great with a small group of friends. The atmosphere is relaxed, service is friendly and great overall,  and food/cheese/wines are interesting and not everyday encounters. 

Some of my favorite foods here are the smoked  salmon on toasted brioche with mascarpone and pine nut-raisins, prosciutto with spiced dates, truffled egg toast with fontina, and all the paninis.
4/2009
Let's just say that it is amazing the 6 of us made it out alive and I am here willing and able to blog about our shenanigans. Last night was Bacaro LA's first anniversary party and lordly was it packed. The party was scheduled to start at 5:30. Anthony and I arrived at around 7:30. We waited for about 20 minutes before the rest of our party (Derek, Eddie along with friends Timmay and Red Vern) rolled through. The wait wasn't too long, doorman was courteous. As soon we received our little pinky tattoos we stepped in and line-danced our way directly to the bar. It was open bar you see, so all you can allllllll niiiiiiight long. Immediately the 6 of us started double fisting beers and wines. Making it to the bar was the easy part but no one had forewarned us of the danger that was taming an empty stomach. The "all-you-can-eat" specials of cut up paninis and hummus topped french bread chips were in short order. The kitchen underestimated how desperate and wolf like humans can be when they are inebriated and are in dire need of munchies. Luckily we were able to secure a look out post in very close vicinity of the kitchen door and window. We then proceeded to bribe the chefs in hopes of landing a bite to satisfy our aching taste buds.

Many burnt palates later we managed to score a large bottle of free wine and as a result continued our journey to plastered. Soon enough our watches were rearing 11:00 and our tummies were pointing to fool so we decided to step outside for a bit before heading out. From this point on lets just say our two most inebriated guests (Eddie and Vernan) then insisted on establishing a friendship with the nice man who lived above the restaurant. They then preceded to discover what was behind the nice man's "Mystery Door." The adventure of "Mystery Door" took about one hour to solve. We then decided to move our party back to the South Bay because Eddie tried to eat a clear plastic cup five consecutive times.

All in all, Bacaro was a very cute/quaint little place. Line bottles line the ceiling and their right wall is a big black chalkboard. We were disappointed that all they offered were a few sandwiches and french bread crackers. But I do believe that we might return to try out the rest of their menu or at least hit up their all-you-can-eat hanger steak on Sundays. (Open bar included)
I want to like Napa Valley Grille but every time I eat there, I'm just not impressed with the food.  The atmosphere is wonderful but the food tastes like it's been frozen or canned and, to me, it tastes like it has MSG or some other type of chemical in it.  I could be totally wrong but that's how it tastes to me.  I'm very sensitive to chemicals in foods so it might not bother other people.
I felt like I was cheating on Tria. Biba is cozy, warm and has a romantic feel to it. I went there with a girlfriend and had a perfectly pleasant experience too! We ordered some wine, chatted, unbothered and left after a few hours. Wish we had tried some food but we will next time. It wasn't crowded at all (a random wednesday night) and I attribute that to the location. i guess it is more the UPenn/Drexel population because it really is an awkward place to go. 

I'll go back, any perhaps make plans elsewhere in West Philly - Biba gives me the incentive to do that.
MMmmmm... I love meat. Tender dry aged steaks are my achilles heel. Flemings is definately up there. Their meat is unfortunately wet aged, but are definately some of the best wet aged steaks I've ever had. They offer a prime rib meal with sides on Sunday nights. Arrive early, I've been there where they were out already. 

The steaks are seared at amazingly high temperatures like most steak houses, but they're conservative with the butter, which lets the steak show off its true flavor. (Unlike another restaurant beginning with M and rhyming with Horton's... they cook EVERYTHING in a at least a pound of butter.. *shudders*)

I love their prime rib and rib eye... which is just the same cut of meat, but cooked differently.
Highly recommend the veal with bernaise sauce!
Most of you yelpers have already covered the bases for this establishment and have said everything that needs to be said-good stuff. I'll just add that the Oktoberfest all you can eat was amazing, better than the usual beefsteak Sundays ($25 all you can eat and drink, nuff said). Seating is intimate. Happy hour (s) is just right. 4.5 ATW
This place embodies everything I love about a small plates restaurant. The owners work there and it's small, quiet, and unpretentious - Not to mention a big bang for your buck. 

They have an excellent wine selection and one of your waitstaff can always make a great recommendation. Or do a tasting!!

I love that the plates are $7.00 a piece or 3 for $19.00. This enables you to order almost everything on the menu - and you should. 

I recommend the friend polenta squares with eggplant, the beet salad with goat cheese, the fried artichokes and definitely DO the Bacaro burger with Friend Egg!! 

Looking forward to coming back for more.
I went there last Sept. to celebrate my beady, I gave 3 stars at my review. Later on I went to another famous steakhouse in Cupertino then recognized actually Fleming's deserved more than 3 starts - especially the service....well, well, I gave them 3 starts this time after going there for my son's 20th b-day celebration - the food stayed the same (could be better with little salt). However, the service deteriorated a LOT!!!!! the waitress was very absentminded - delivered the wrong appetizer I ordered, waited for a long time to come back for our wine order, forgot we should have had our dessert with the prix fix menu... 
I will give them any try (even nobody at the reservation desk knew they have special event as advertised) and hope the service can match with their food - their last chance from me for sure.
We came here on a Wednesday night and it was surprisingly busy. It's a mostly older crown.We had reservations at 8:30 but they were nice enough to sit us early. Sitting outside is a much better experience than sitting inside. Our waiter was very attentive and his suggestions for food were great. We had the Grilled Center Cut Bone in New York Strip Steak, Jumbo Lump Crab Ravioli, Lump Blue Crab Baked in Brioche, sorbet and a nice bottle of wine. The food was delicious but it's pricey.
Lovely setting and kind, attentive service, tasty treats (delicious cupcakes by Amy Bakes Cupcakes!) and other yummy things to eat. Great place to go for a drink and a chat.
Happy hour review! 3.5 stars. 

I'm very pleased that Westwood Village has so many more happy hour opportunities than it used to. I'd been to this one's late night happy hour once, and a friend and I decided to go here after work yesterday.

I was impressed by the way it wasn't crowded, or perhaps the UCLA undergrads haven't discovered it yet. The bar area is spacious, relaxing, and well-lit from the windows facing Glendon, a great please to unwind and relax after a workday. Not having to fight crowds for tables like at Palomino, or deal with hordes of loud, cheap-tequila-seeking undergrads like at Acapulco? I'm a fan!

I wasn't too impressed by the drink menu. Wines were $6, most of the specialty drinks were $8, and there were a few others. The best deal seemed like the sangrias, which also sold $12 for a small pitcher. My male HH companion pointed out that all of the cocktails seemed pretty fruity/girly, without many options for much else, so he stuck with the $4 beers. $8 isn't fantastic for a happy hour drink and seems just below normal LA drink prices. The white peach sangria was sweet and refreshing, although it seemed like it had too much fruit juice to resemble anything alcoholic.

There were a lot of great deals on food. My favorite is the carnitas nachos. Calamari was just okay, sliced very thin, a little over-seasoned and undercooked, and the dipping sauce tasted like cocktail sauce from a bottle. Sliders are pretty boring. The macaroni and cheese was great last time I was here, too, as was the artichoke salad. Portions are small but prices are reasonable, and you can get several dishes to try without going broke of defeating the purpose of being a happy hour cheapskate. 

it's a toss-up whether I'd choose this HH over Palomino across the street, but they definitely have some better drinks and a more relaxing, classier atmosphere.
This place is a thug hang out. The patrons are rowdy, fight prone, hard drinking and/or gang members. Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!
My husband and I went here for a date night 12/11/10 because we had a $100 gift card. We weren't sure what to expect because we'd never been here. Friends had told us it was outstanding. 

After being promptly seated we were greeted by our friendly server who took our drink orders. We were brought rosemary bread with two different varieties of butter. One tasted like rosemary and garlic and the other seemed to be a cream cheese and sun dried tomato. Both very good!
 
We had the memorable meal for two for $99.
it consisted of : an Appetizer, classic Caesar topped with Alaskan king crab on rosemary sourdough toast. Our Entre was a fillet Mignon on sauted mushrooms, topped with a red wine, olive and herb butter paired with broiled lobster tail and drawn butter. As a Side Dish, Maple-roasted Baby Carrots. For dessert, a three layer carrot cake with cream cheese frosting topped with a drizzle of dark pineapple rum caramel. It was AMAZING! The appetizer was flavorful, the steak, which I ordered cooked as medium and my husband ordered rare was melt in your mouth good! The lobster was cooked to perfection and the melted butter seemed to have a hint of garlic added to it.  The carrots were delectable, they seemed extremely fresh and perhaps organic?
When dessert came we were WAY too full to eat it but each had a bite just to try it. WOW, so rich and the piece was HUGE! Two easily could have shared it! Or waiter was nice enough to box them to go and enjoyed them the next day. 

Service was superb, we will definitely eat here again! Kind of pricey, at least $50 a person with cocktails but worth if for a special night out. We could taste the flavors in our mouths the whole way home! Secretly hoping for another gift card! ::nudges hubby::
One of our favorite establishments in the Carrboro/Chapel Hill area.  The sophisticated space is always bustling and full of life, making you feel like you are in a big city and not hippie-ville.  The cocktails are excellent, as is everything that we have tried on the menu.  There is also a great area for outdoor seating, which we love to take advantage of when the weather is nice.
Food was just good, not great, and service was unbelievably slow. Have to say, it seemed as if the server forgot us. :(
Sort of under the radar wine bar/bistro that has been around for awhile now.  You can carve out a decent meal here, but the focus really is the wine.  They operate an excellent wine and cheese shop next door called The Barrelman.
Also love the happy hour. 3 dollar IPA beers and 6 dollar melt in your mouth cheeseburgers? Yes please! Also the cocktails are $6 and will melt your face. Both with alcohol and the sweeteners that make the cocktail taste like syrup. But beer and burgers are my vice at Fleming's happy hour for sure.
This place was intense and amazing. Its not set in the best of neighbourhoods and doesn't look like much from the outside, and once you're inside you see that its a tiny space that packs a huge punch.

We ordered a startlingly easy bottle of red. The entire selection is reasonable and incredibly well suited to the dishes served. It was me and a friend and we worked through 5 or 6 of the dishes and that was plenty for us. The scallops that came out were perfectly seared and I couldn't get enough of the relish and the puree that accompanied it. We were recommended the cauliflower dish that was flavourful and packed a bit of a spicy bite, which went well with the wine. The brie and bacon pizza could have been improved on but I guess they needed something more American on there to appeal to their audience base.

The bacaro burger was slightly run of the mill but I liked the way that it was really cooked medium rare and not overcooked. We finished with the mignon filets which were delicious and very beefy tasting. It was garnished with some rock salt and a squeeze of lemon juice. Perfection. 

Overall its a bit pricey for a college student budget but well worth it if you want to try something different and well made.
Great atmosphere, great service and best of all amazing food! While in town for a wedding we were eager to find a good brunch. Success! We couldn't decide between Lobster benedict or little steak and eggs. Final decision, get both and share.

The lobster benny was so rich and delicious, perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes. 
Little steak and eggs consisted of perfectly cooked bacon wrapped tenderloins nestled atop corned beef mashed potatoes topped with a sunny side up quali egg. Melt in your mouth goodness!

The pastry basket with assorted mini muffins, streudels and banana bread was an added touch to our morning cappucinos.

If this place wasn't so far away, I'd be back to check out their evening menu and wine bar.
Expensive, but suitable for a romantic dinner.  The service was outstanding, really outstanding.  Our server was very attentive and even double checked with the kitchen about a food allergy, after initially being told by the chef that the food in question was ok.  She found that it was not, thanks to her persistence, and saved us from a potentially dangerous situation.  The reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that the pricing was a little too steep.
-my kind of food-
Depending what you get, their plates and portions can be considered tapas style. 
$8 / plate
$21 / 3 plates 

I will definitely be back for their Happy hour and Sunday special.  Sunday AYCE beefsteak and drinks for $25? What?!! I'm so there.

I came here for my dear friend's birthday. They're quite strict about reservations for parties, she had to put down a deposit?! Unheard of...
For that kinda treatment, they could have accommodated a bit better!

Our party shared a couple wine bottles ($26+) and we had some per glass ($7+). They had all the single drink servings written on the chalkboard.  A lot of squinting and pointing.. a bit reminiscent of grade school.

I was bummed out that they ran out of goat cheese that night. I had the Bacaro burger with the fried egg.. A++
I also tasted the pizzas, BTL, and chicken on polenta.. all tasty!!

But A+++ for their bread pudding. I was incredibly full AND I don't particularly like dessert, but I couldn't stop eating it. 

I'll be back!!
Every first Sunday of each Month @5:30PM and 8:00PM, Bacaro has their AYCE, AYCD menu called "Beefsteak Sunday" for $25 a person. It's all you can eat grilled hanger steak, bread, butter, and roasted market potatoes with all you can drink red wine and beer.

This past Sunday was Octoberfest Sunday.  It was $35 a person, but they added bratwurst sausage and sauerkraut.  Bratwurst was awesome~ but honestly, it wasn't worth the extra $10 per person.  But I am not taking a star away for it because it was a great promotion and the sausages were awesome!

The plates of beefsteak and bratwurst came with sliced bread and potatoes.  They probably do that to fill you up but they didn't seem to care if we didn't finish the bread.  In the beginning we ate all the bread thinking that we were supposed to lol~ but out of 8 plates that we devoured between 4 people, we stopped eating the bread around plate #4.

I would definitely come back for another Beefsteak Sunday.  The beefsteaks were cooked perfectly medium rare, seasoned just right and they were SO DELICIOUS.  And you got the AYCD beer and wine?  I'm going again in November! Who's down!??!
Find the Happiest Hour during late night hours!   Very decent prices for happy hour appetizer (think small plates) and reasonably priced happy hour drinks!  The kale salad with quinoa was scrumptious.   Service was good and they were able to seat a large group.  Cozy but comfortable enough.    Parking is a huge challenge (or outrageously expensive) but I was able to park on Wilshire after 6pm for free.   Would definitely return.
I thought this place was supposed to be on par with Mortons, Alexanders, Arcadia...etc..      Flemings  is pricey but not at all in the same league as those restaurants.    Three of us had the petite filet mignon,  the meat was average not particularly tender, one was overcooked, should have sent it back.   Atmosphere was nice, service was fine, dessert was excellent,  cosmos were very good, and the server recommended a great pinot that was only a$6.50 per glass, but the meal itself was not great.   Next time would go to Sundance if I am looking for a steak in Palo Alto.     I think we would have had a tastier steak at Outback for a third the price.
Caught Happy Hour there (ends at 7pm).  All the dishes were $5!  Lamb sliders special was twitterific.  Garlic and white bean bruschettas, scallops, steak, and cheeses on bread were great.  Great different date spot.
Grilled panini, glass of Tintero and great atmosphere. 

Very close to USC, so it was the go to spot for me and friends in my cohort. The owners are great and helped us out for an event. The food is good-you have the option of small snacks or eating enough to leave full. Great seating for a group of chatty friends to enjoy bottles of wine. Parking is somewhat tough because of the surrounding area. Get there early and don't walk too far.
This review is for Happy Hour, and not the restaurant itself

Fleming's is one of the best happy hours in the area.  The PA Shopping Center location means easy parking.  The bar area itself is small, though, so it is difficult to get a spot inside the restaurant.

The food and drink options are top notch.  The burger is an especially good deal and from a high quality chuck that they can even prepare rare if you like (most hamburger has to be at least medium).  I also like the cajun bbq shrimp and baked brie.  The free chips are homemade and delicious.  Drinks options are pretty standard, one each of a variety of wines, and a few classic cocktails.

Servers are all very friendly, and treat you as if you are paying for a regular meal even though you are only dishing out a few dollars for happy hour specials.
Amazing cheeses, perfectly matching accompaniments (e.g. beet jam with goat cheese, honey almonds with semisoft sheep milk cheese). Service was super friendly and as attentive as could be, even with us needing water refills every few minutes. Wine by glass options were fun but if I'm being picky, maybe $1-$2 higher than I'd have liked ...still, we absolutely loved the relaxed vibe and eclectic menu at this place. Easy walk via safe neighborhoods from the Sheraton University City Hotel too! 

An enthusiastic 4.5 stars, rounded up for those awesome cheese plate accents.
This was my first time at the Napa Valley Grille. I was excited when my husband told me that's where we'd be going for Valentine's Day. 

The Special Dinner menu looked great and offered a 4 course meal for $48 per person. We decided to order from their regular menu. 

I had the braised short ribs, which came with a delicious yam puree and grilled brussel sprouts. It was a nice portion and perfectly cooked. My husband had a steak and order fingerling potatoes; he mentioned his meat was slightly overcooked. We had mini eclairs for dessert and they were so tasty!

The staff is very friendly, the decor and style true to the their name, and there is a great ambiance overall.
Why didn't I try Fleming's sooner!? Finally! A restaurant in Palo Alto I LOVE!!!

I've wanted to try Fleming's for a long time but there was never an occasion until tonight! I was organizing my coupons (coupons FTW!) by expiration date and realized the complimentary $50 from Fleming's was going to expire today! Made my reservations for 4:45 (last reservation available) and turned out I was going to be late so I called and the lady was very accommodating and said they wouldn't be able to hold it past 5:15 so to try and get there by then. So wonderful! I got there by 5:14 and they sat me down right away.

Steve N. helped me while I was at Fleming's and he was so jolly and very helpful. My date was late by 30 minutes and I just sat there flipping through the menu eating their perfectly baked bread. He ended up not coming and all the while, Steve was very patient and didn't pressure me to order. He asked if I wanted anything from the bar and if I was ready, he could start the appetizer going for me. I ordered a wine which was okay and was hesitant about the carpaccio since I had never had it before. Can I just say, their complimentary bread with two spreads is ridiculously addicting? I started my healthy eating today and thanks to Fleming's it's rolling over to tomorrow! I kept piling on the spreads because they go so wonderfully with the bread. 

Back to the carpaccio. It was plated beautifully and tasted even better in my mouth. You know how they say the first bite is always the best and after it goes downhill? Every bite I took was just as superb as the first. The parmesan bread that came with the carpaccios was fantastic as well. I expected it to be a little too crunchy since the parmesan was baked but it was a light crunch on the outside and a wonderful softness on the inside. The carpaccio came with a small light basil and I think spinach salad on top of the beef in the center, sprinkled with capers and diced red onions and dressed with a white sauce which I'm sorry to say, I didn't bother trying to figure out what it was because I was too busy devouring the entire plate!

Ordered the petite filet mignon rare which came with Fleming's potatoes as the entree. I was already stuffed after the bread and the carpaccio and I still had more! I took a few bites of the potatoes which were really interesting. Baked scalloped potatoes with cheese and a subtle jalapeno hint. Very lovely. The filet mignon.. so tender and juicy. I almost always ask for rare and tonight was no exception. Really well cooked.

I've never eaten out myself and I honestly couldn't have asked for a better place to have for my first time! Great people watching, wonderful service, the BEST carpaccio ever (then again, my first time eating it but I"m sure it's one of the best!) and a great atmosphere all around.

It's not as pricey as I thought it would be when I looked at the $$$$. The carpaccio was $13.50, the petite filet mignon was almost $30 and my glass of wine was $10. Pretty standard price for a steak "house". Also, not as dressy as I had thought! I saw a lot of people going in jeans and casual wear so no need to dress in your best, just be ready to eat! 

If you have an Opentable account, you can make reservations through it too!
Its the westside, semi rude service and contempory cuisine presented with a flair but dull in tastes.
Had a romantic and wonderful meal there last night for Valentine's Day -- which is often a hard night to get good drinks, great service and fine foods.

Our food was fresh, hot and absolutely delicious. I'd highly recommend it.
Loved this foodie haven. The cheese board was spectacular and the duck was cookek to perfection. My only regret is that our budget makes it an anniversary spot. Go as often as you can. It is great.
If you're ever over by USC and wondering where to get a great glass of wine, look no further.  I like this place for its casual approach to good wine and food.
I tend to like hole-in-the-wall bars with character and this place definitely fits the bill. It's tiny and dark, plays cool music and has a great beer & wine selection.  I haven't eaten here myself, but my husband loves their cheeseburgers!
The service and food that we received here was a complete 180 of what we experienced earlier at Max's Opera Cafe.

Rebecca was out waitress, and she gave us the best dining experience hands down. We came for the special they were having here: $29.95 for the prime rib steak, a salad, a side, and a dessert. We ordered 2 deals, and changed the salad and side to our liking.

-Prime Rib Steaks -- Amazing, comes with au jus, horseradish dip, and mustard dip. The steak was great by itself as well.
-Salads -- I don't remember what exactly we ordered.
-Sides -- Mushrooms and asparagus were great.
-Chocolate Lava Cake -- This is Fleming's signature dessert. You won't be disappointed! This is not your typical lava cake. It was bittersweet, the ice cream was a nice touch, and the display of it made it more appetizing. 
-Spicy Stiletto Cocktail (?) -- My friend enjoyed his drink

When we were ordering our desserts, this was after we ordered our entrees (they make it while you are enjoying your meal), we mentioned to Rebecca our interest to know how the chantiily cream tasted like (fruit & chantilly cream dessert), but stuck with out original choices. When our lava cakes came out, so did a mysterious bowl of the chantilly cream. We were surprised by the gesture.

The manager, Felicia, came over to greet and chit-chat with us twice while were there. We were there for about 1.5 hours at least.

We will definitely be back.
My favorite restaurant in Princeton.  Interesting twist on Italian food.  During the fall they offer a pumpkin linguine that is truly a gem.  Not too heavy, balanced flavors, and interesting choice of toppings (walnuts).

Lasgna is a GREAT staple, but I recommend getting the specials!!  Also, save room for dessert-- NUTELLA PIZZA!

Beware of sitting close to the Pizza Oven because it can get a little toasty.
The Fleming's in Sarasota, FL is incredible. Impeccable service, great management, and everyone who works there is extremely knowledgeable.

The Fleming's in Palo Alto has none of these. I know it's new, but there are so many Fleming's Restaurants (financially backed by Outback Steakhouse) that this should be a well-oiled machine, especially in an area like Stanford Shopping Center. 

I dined on a Thursday night and it was fairly busy. I sat at the bar, which was lively and the crowd was 30-40. My bartender was not very friendly or knowledgeable. My "starter" plate came at the same time as my steak. Even after my incredulous look at the bartender there was no apology or even care. 

The steak was great, dry-aged (not in-house I don't think,) and broiled. It really is fantastic - although not as good as Alexander's (Cupertino.) The wine list is good, but not as many wines BTG as I would've liked. 

The poor service continued as my plate was not removed until at least 20 minutes after finishing completely. I'm not usually too picky about that, but while seating at a bar, it can be a pain to talk to people while you have a giant, hot (300 degrees as they informed me) plate in your way. I have a few other grievances with the service, but it's all the same basic idea: the bartenders don't seem to care about their guests.

The steak gets a 5, the wine gets a 4, the service gets a 1.
Aside from the fact that I seem to hit my head off of most every surface in the place - pipes, ledges, door jams, other patrons etc. I pretty much love everything about this little comfortable place to drink a beer.  

I often come to Shay's on Friday evenings after a long week of work.  I find it is the perfect place to have some surprisingly good food and a few (too many, too often) beers.  I also recently discovered how enjoyable this place is for a nice relaxing bit of day drinking - feel free to go by yourself you are guaranteed to meet someone interesting.

During the summer the patio draws a crowd being one of the inexplicably few places in Boston that offers one of life's great joys - outdoor drinking.  

I would say that really the appeal of this place lies in its laid-back neighborhood feel, the very nice people, great beer and wine selection and the very good bar food.
This place is really wonderful.  Everything is super fresh and flavorful.  And, seriously, the persimmon tart is one of the tastiest desserts I've ever had!!  Great ambiance, too.
I have to say I was disappointed. My wine was delicious but my food was just alright and the portions were tiny for the prices they were charging. I totally second the review that says, "plate half empty." 

The service was great and the atmosphere was delightful.
Wasn't sure what to expect and this place was pretty darn good.  Came here for my bff's birthday and the staff was quite attentive and made the dinner very special for us.  We shared a steak, a salad and appetizer since I wasn't too hungry and it was just the right amount of food.  The cocktails were nice and tasty, but my only complaint was that we couldn't take advantage of the happy hour bar menu and prices if we dined inside the dining room.  Thus, the 4 stars instead of 5.  We paid double for our drinks when folks at the bar got to pay happy hour prices.   Food was excellent, portions were good size and will definitely go back!  Maybe I'll sit at the bar next time.
This place is great!  We had girl's night dinner here last night and we couldn't have been happier.  The neighborhood is a bit rough, but there is a parking lot in back (enter on 24th) and we felt very safe.  The ambiance was nice, a bit swanky but still relaxed.  The service was very friendly and quick.  We got there in time for happy hour (b4 7pm) so each plate was $5!  The highlights for me were probably the polenta with eggplant, the artichokes, all the crostini, and the bread pudding for dessert.  However, everything we had was amazing.  Our vegan friend also had tons to choose from with a tweak or two.  The 5 of us ordered 3 bottles of wine and 3-4 cicheti each and got out to there for about $40 including tip.  It was a great night!
Hands down, my favorite spot in the Square.  Amazing wines for great prices, my beer drinking friends are always thrilled with the slection, and someone always breaks down and orders a gigantic, fantastic burger (bite my style and spear their pickle before they get to it!).   Great patio for summer nights and cozy indoors for cold winter ones.
The food at Fleming's is good. I love their asparagus and usually get some size of filet mignon. Their bread is great, and I just ask for plain butter to go with it because their fancy butters don't do it for me. The food comes out at the right temperature and the steaks are well-rested. Now, it drives me nuts that they don't include any sides. My steak looks very lonely on the plate. At least toss the $9 asparagus on the plate so it isn't parsley tumbleweeds in the middle of a porcelain desert with a filet mesa.

Fleming's is a noisy restaurant. That's just how it is. If you want a quiet romantic conversation, this isn't the place for you. I come here with my family of origin for birthdays. It's great for that.

Now, the reason I bothered to write a review: If you come here and ask for Steven Nastrini, you will get the greatest service of your life. Steve is friendly, personable, and makes wonderful recommendations. Without him, Fleming's is only a 2.5 or 3 star establishment. If you don't have the pleasure of being in Steve's section, the waitstaff is fairly average. So ask for Steve.

I don't think the prices line up with the awesomeness, but that's okay. I'm in Palo Alto. If I wanted to be at an amazing steakhouse, I wouldn't be in Palo Alto. I'd be in San Francisco eating at Harris'. But if you want pretty darn good food and a fantastic waiter, Fleming's is a great choice for folks on the peninsula.
Flippin' Fantastic!

Our dinner here last week was definitely 5 star quality.

The wine, steak, sides and service were all top notch.  I liked the atmosphere a lot too.  It wasn't too dark and even though the place was packed for a Wednesday night you feel the isolation within your area.  I'm a booth girl, so was a bit disappointed the only booths available were by the kitchen, so we opted for a table.  If you'd like a booth in a nice area, mention this when making reservations.

They have tons of wine to choose from.  The waiter was given free reign to choose from a white for us and he did an excellent job.

I love the smaller entree selection.  There are only three options, but I got the filet and the scalloped potatoes and it was the perfect size.

As another reviewer mentioned, the service was great, but not overbearing.  They give you plenty of time to finish your bottle and chat and leave at your own pace.
this place is a little noisy gem...

walking into the narrow space, with the afternoon sun streaming in, i felt relaxed and ready for a great time.  they were expecting a large party so they very kindly set up a little table to me and my friend.  translation:  staff are super friendly and helpful.

i love the blackboard wall with the wines by the glass.  the wine list is well edited and staff is knowledgeable about what they serve.  our server led us to a great slovakian (i think) white that was creamy and delicious.  

charcuterie and cheeses were great.  i especially enjoyed the dried fruit compote that went so well with the blue cheese.  the roasted cauliflower was delicious - you got the flavor of the chipotles without an intense spice, which makes it user-friendly for the spice averse ;)  we also had the roasted garlic, which had the fun addition of balsamic - so yummy! tender chicken breast on the risotto parmesan cake in the caper sauce also recommended.  

overall, a wonderful experience - great place to spend a lazy afternoon.  just beware of the evening crowd.  it filled up fast!  we were seated next to a super loud n rowdy young group that made it really hard to hear one another, much less the server.  the petite space means that when it's crowded, it's LOUD. 

i'll definitely be back for more...
Most underrated happy hour ever, especially in comparison to Palomino's. Definitely one of Westwood's best kept secrets!  Cheaper and more delicious than Palomino's, Napa has a more eclectic and seasonal selection.  You know you're getting gourmet food at college budget prices--my fave!! Also, drinks are much stronger, tastier, AND cheaper than Palomino's. Why everyone always prefers Palomino's is beyond me... Clearly they haven't entered the Eden that is Napa. 

Out of what I've tried, here are my faves: 
-truffle mac and cheese. Do yourself a favor. Step away from the Easy Mac and enter adulthood. Doesn't taste to shabby, eh?
-Pulled pork sliders. This is what sloppy Joes would taste like if you dressed it up in a tuxedo. 
-Kobe sliders. A mini burger with big taste. 
-Corndogs. Don't laugh. Just eat it and talk to me after.
The atmosphere here is great, and the service is friendly, but that's about it. The food was really disappointing. My husband ordered the filet mignon. You would think that they would know how to cook this by now? But no, the medium steak was COMPLETELY raw inside. Un-edible unless you are a dog. The service was really slow, though they were happy to recook the steak. We also had the King crab legs... really stringy and of poor quality. On a happy note, the cocktails are the bomb, so I guess enough of those and the food won't matter !
I'm part of a lunch group that meet here every two months or so...today the kitchen was down with some kind of a problem, but they managed to put together a delicious set of salads and sandwiches for us...points to them for flexibility!!

We've eaten a few dinners her and while it's not Grace (hence the 4 stars) it's comfy, has great service, and as reliably good to great food. Plus an amazing wine list, and very nice and helpful bartenders.
This is FANCY. Apparently Celebrities come here. And they have European/Australian men working here. So it's fancy!

The night we came there were no celebrities - or I didn't really look for them - but everything was pricey but you pay for the food and experience. 

The bread was yummy.

The drink I got - Sakatini was good but it had a hair in it and the awesome Australian waiter got me a new one. So that was nice! I don't blame him for it. Could had been the bartender.

Food:
I got the fried chicken dish with grits... and it wasn't fried chicken which is great! I just wanted the grits and it was delicious! I loved the way it looked and the taste. It was really good too.

Bread Pudding - YUMMY

SERVICE:
Excellent service. The waiter we had was from Australia and my friend Billy C just came from Australia (trip) and they chatted. It was cute he told us his wife is American and that's why he came. Such a nice waiter. Very pleasant. 

AMBIANCE:
Very fancy. 

PARKING:
Street

OVERALL:
Nice and fancy place. Didn't like there was a hair in my drink but it was fixed once I asked. 
Kinda overpriced for the meals but you pay for the experience.
I went as one group of 25 coworkers for dinner.  The meal and presentation was excellent.  The service was also outstanding.  The bone-n-Rib-eye Steak was flavorful and melted.  The only minor concern was that the steak was not cooked to Medium as ordered.  It also became apparent that this was also true for my coworkers.  I think it may have been because he had such a large group making it difficult to time the cooking appropriately.  I also had mac-n-cheese which was average.  I also had one jumbo tiger prawn that was at room temperature which was average in flavor.
I really wanted to like this place. The menu sounded fantastic, but the food was really a let down. Too many ingredients in each dish made it hard to enjoy the dish without being confused. The waitperson at our table was less than excited to be there. I am not a snob, but do enjoy pepper on my salads. I asked for pepper and was handed a salt/pepper shaker. Come on, you get offered pepper on your salad @ Olive Garden!  I guess I would have been less disappointed if the prices we not as high. One plus was the wine selection was good and reasonably priced. I may return, but only for the wine.
Surprisingly, I've been to Napa Valley Grille two separate times yet have never actually gotten dinner here. You would think that a girl who loves to eat and who lived in Westwood for four years would have eaten a meal here at least once - but alas, no. I came here for late night drinks once and was here for a company mixer with hor'dourves today.

The drinks are not cheap, but tasty. Definitely a place to drop by when you want someplace classy to chill and lounge around and have a drink. Thing is, it's almost TOO classy...With Palomino across the street, at least it's someplace you can go in jeans and still feel comfortable in. With Napa Valley Grille, I feel like the only way to feel comfortable is be in work/business clothes or be totally dressed up.

As for the mixer tonight, the food I got was good but, considering what the place looks like and how much people usually say they pay for a meal here, I expected more. They had these little sandwiches laid out for us, but the bread was dry and seemed borderline stale. Their shrimp on skewers had a good flavor but was a little cold (and didn't feel like it was supposed to be). I tried their flavored teas too...it was okay but I don't even want to imagine what they usually charge for the stuff.

Maybe it's better that I haven't been here for a meal - maybe I'm just saving myself some money and from an opportunity for disappointment. But still, I wish I could try out a real meal here, just to see if it gets any better.
I've been here at least 10 times with various groups because I always suggest it as a happy hour spot, but recently, each time, we've been disappointed by the service.  

Drinks are always solid, and wine selection is good.  The kitchen also gets food out at a good pace, but the service at the bar has been an issue.  I understand it's busy during happy hour, but we've gotten a lot of attitude from the servers, making it feel more like we're disrupting them.  We have to wave people down to place orders, and after drinks and food are dropped off, we're often left without enough sets of silverware.  

On many occasions, I've tried to convince the others to move over to the main dining area for a more formal meal, but they've been so turned off by the experience over at the bar.  It's unfortunate that time after time, the food is trumped by the lack of service.
Great wine selection! The food wasn't as impressive as I was expecting. It tasted good, but I just expected more for my money. I went here for my 21st birthday and was kind of bummed that I didn't get carded :/ ha. My date and I ordered two appetizers because I didn't feel like spending a lot of money here on food. 

Shrimp & Grits - This had a very sugary taste that I kind of was tired of after a few bites. Seems like an odd combination at first but not bad tasting. The portion was pretty small as well. To me, not worth $9

Pork and Duck Rillette - The duck was pretty decent, better than what I have had other places. But again, it was very small. $9 

We wanted to do the tasting menu for the food but I feel that would be more appropriate if you had a larger crowd and could pass dishes around. 

The wine made the night. I enjoyed the Riesling. Note: I wouldn't bother paying the money for the wine tasting because you can just get little samples of whatever you please for $2.00 per 2oz. I believe with the tasting you only get like four samples for $20.00 so might as well try more and spend less. I love how you can choose different sizes of wine..the taster, 1/2 glass, full glass, and bottle. Way fun! 

The dessert wines were my favorite! I ordered the Ice Wine Riesling VQA and was pretty impressed. I'm a sucker for sweet wines so these were perfect. I'm pretty sure you couldn't go wrong with many of these.

I wasn't really crazy about how small the area was inside, it def gets packed in there and you can hear conversations from the tables next to you. Overall, the atmosphere was pleasant, server was very helpful in recommending different choices, I would come back.
This was my first time to Toast.  I was impressed overall and would certainly go back.  I enjoyed the pinot noir block nine as we waited just a few minutes for our table.  According to my friend the menu hadn't changed much since his last visit but I was still impressed as a first time patron.  We didn't opt for the tasting even though it was a Tuesday.  We had the fried green tomatoes with peach salsa as well as the shrimp and grits to start.  The shrimp and grits were fantastic.  I then had the beet salad and the hanger steak.  The steak was cooked to perfection and paired well with the bordeaux blend.   I sampled the duck confit and thought it was done well, but not nearly as good as the steak.  The peanut butter ice-cream sandwich was out of this world.
D E L I C I O U S

... and at $7 a plate or 3 plates for $19, you can afford to go all the time - if you feel you're not gonna get shot at on the way there, of course!!

white pizza - bechamel sauce, bacon, scallions... 7 inches of pleasure... (uh-huh.. yeah... not quite like THAT... but pretty close)... this was fantastic.  the crust is thin and light. 

crostini (pick 3) - little crispy slices of heaven... i mean toast - the goat cheese with the balsamic endive marmalade was my favorite, however, the mascarpone and sundried tomato one was excellent too... the flavors went well together... and the gorgonzola with honey and dates was like a dessert... i have yet to try the ricotta with olive tepenade... that's next.  

artichokes - all hearts.  omg.  and they give you a bunch.  marinated in olive oil and lemon and perfectly delicious!

scallops with sweet corn - my 2 scallops were cooked perfectly and sauteed in a light, tasty broth with sweet corn.  soooo good!

cauliflower - i don't eat cauliflower but tried this because for some reason, it looked like calamari to me and it was surprisingly good!  and super spicy!

the burger with egg - this was my friend's... but it was extremely juicy and bursting with flavor... the egg was a nice touch too!

cute, small place... probably not the best for big groups... 

service is good - the 2 USC alumi / owners were there taking orders and serving people... and stand behind everything on the menu.  

sweetest part was that the 30% off coupon we got via email from blackboard eats... and yes, of course we tipped on the original amount.  

i can't wait to go back and try the steak and their bread pudding... which they were out of that night.  bummer it's so freaking far for me!
.
My friends and I would always come here to celebrate, and my family loves eating here. Like the other Terramomo restaurants, Theresa offers EXCELLENT service and has consistently delicious food.

I highly recommend the Conchiglie Balsamico if you're not vegetarian!
I think this place is confused as to whether it wants to be a wine bar or a restaurant. The tables are lined up all in a row along the walls: there's no intimate seating if you're on a date, and there's no place for large groups. You're pretty packed in if you're there for "dinner". So that definitely gives it a restaurant feel. However, all of the food items are tapas: so small plates. If you're super hungry, you're going to end up spending a lot of money. 
That being said, they use top-notch ingredients (truffle oil french fries). So its good for foodies who just want to sample some things. Alas, they have no dessert items: a huge minus in my book. 

Edit: They have dessert item now. Yay for them!

The wine list probably has around 20 wines on it, and you can buy a bottle at retail to take home with you (there's an adjacent wine shop). Still, the wines are mostly french and italian and there are NO tasting notes on the menu, making it very hard to pick something.  A

I'd say stick with West End if you're looking for a wine bar. They at least have outdoor seating and more of a bar/lounge atmosphere. This place was oddly laid out and not a great place to relax for after dinner drinks. I doubt this place has much staying power in uber casual Carrboro.
walk here with your friends and drink during happy hour, half off glasses of wine and 5 buck small plates...

got the white pizza and bacaro burger with egg, and was full... very tasty and makes you full quickly because of the full taste.

i don't know anything about wine but i chose random ones and they were all good. except the puppeteer white wine tasted like sand.
Great atmosphere for dinner or drinks. Very good entrees but I felt like some of the side dishes were a bit plain. Tuesdays, it's two-for-ones at the bar...

Knowledgeable bar tender/owner is very nice
When you're going to charge me $40 for a piece of steak the size of my blackberry and surrounded by an abundance of white space, freckled with chives, it better be close to the best steak I have tried in my life. Unfortunately it wasn't and I was quite unimpressed. The sear on the meat was done well to caramelize the crust but it was way overcooked which is an unacceptable technical flaw for a reputable steakhouse. When there's only salt, pepper and meat for me to eat, everything has to be near perfect. My medium rare turned out to be medium well and that completely ruined the cut of Filet Mignon. 

Calamari appetizer was also quite unimpressive for the price. For $40 I could have probably bought a whole tenderloin and at least 5 attempts of cooking it right. The service however merits the 2 stars, very friendly hosts and wait staff. Would not try unless there's a good deal.
Restaurant week review!!! Unlike Real Seafood Co., Vino definitely wasn't making their lunch options (at least too far) ahead of time. I had the gyro burger, which was awesome. It was actually two little burgers, which was great because - like sliders - you get more surface area on the grill. The pita bun was soft and very appropriate for the burger, and all of the toppings were great. The girl that crazily hasn't dumped me yet got the Caprese Burger and is telling me right now that it was very flavorful and that the fries were very good as well. Perfectly salted, she adds. And the burger was juicy. And... well, she keeps adding details, but you get the jist.

Our friend got the veggie burger and was happy with that as well, although no one at the table was really down with the pickled vegetables that came with it. Other pluses: Despite it being packed, we were seated quickly; the guy that looked like a coroner made very good mini-liquid-nitrogen-milkshakes; and there was no skimping despite the restaurant week pricing. Best lunch of the week, viva la Vinology!
I've been here twice.  The first time was for a company holiday party.  There was open bar (yes!) and waiters carrying appetizers.   The chicken skewers were a little dry.  We seated for dinner.  The French Onion Soup and Caesar Salad were good, but nothing spectacular.  I had the Prime Rib for dinner.  It was pretty good....huge.  I think I got a piece that was extra fatty though.  They served Creamed Spinach family style.  I'm not big on Creamed Spinach...reminds me of old people, but I had some and it was pretty good.  Overall, it was one of the better places for a company holiday party.

Later, we came here for dinner with some friends.  For appetizers, we ordered the Carpaccio (okay), BBQ shrimp (excellent), and Salmon Bruschetta (okay).  I had the Petite Filet and it was okay.  I prefer Kobe beef.  My Fleming's filet was average in tenderness, but it was very small and the flavor was a little bland.  My fiance had the Prime Rib Dinner.  He said it wasn't that great, just average.  It seemed that only one person out of the six at our table was really impressed.  She had the Petite Filet too, but she really liked her's.  Maybe her particular piece was better than mine....not sure.  The mushroom sides were good.  For dessert, we all shared the Berries and Cream, the Peach Cobbler, and the Cheesecake.  They were all okay.  Nothing too special.  Overall, the meal was overpriced.  My fiance and I weren't that impressed with the food or the service.  The bill for each couple came out to $150.

I think it's a good place for a company party.  The second time around, we had to pay and for a $150 meal, I wanted something more than what I got - both in service and in food.  I was looking for that "wow" factor that just wasn't there.
This is a solid steakhouse.  I had the prime rib meal (available Sundays) and bf had the scallops with bleu cheese mash potatoes.
Both of our meals were really good. My loaded baked potato looked like it took a shot of steroids, it was huge. Steak, lobster, everything was delish! 
And their desserts are excellent, granted I only had creme brulee with berries. The berries were perfect and plump, no bruises, and the brulee, I could not have enough of it, except I was already full from the meal.  
Finally, the service was on par with the food.  Very attentive and polite, if I lived in the area (and had the money) I would come here often. 

The only unfortunate thing is the name, Flemings. No need to think of a hocka-lugi when choosing where to eat.
My favorite steakhouse in San Diego.  Far better than Donovan's with a much younger vibe.  You can get away with wearing nice jeans & a cute top which is always nice.  My friends and I come here all the time for martinis and sit on the patio.  

Drinks: I love the bloody mary martini, the ten grand, coconut tears.  
Appetizers: Love the baked brie, bbq shrimp, & lobster tempura.
Entrees: Steaks here are obviously great, seafood is very fresh also.  
Dessert: Their Creme brulee is some of the best I've had.

Also, If you come here, you can't miss the fleming's potatoes.  They're au gratin, but have jalapenos mixed in and are to die for.  This place is pricey, but the service is good & not pretentious which is a good thing.  I highly recommend this place.
You wouldn't recognize this place is a wine bar from the outside, but walk inside and the interior is pretty impressive. The prices, however, are not impressive, and are a big turn off from the restaurant. The plates are small, almost tapas-like, but are pricey for the size. It is quite tasty, though. The wine is not much cheaper, although they do have a huge selection to choose from. The servers are quick to make a wine recommendation, and the food comes out fast, so efficiency definitely helps GlassHalFull make up for some lost points. I think it might need to be revamped though before I make a return visit.
Great things first: our waiter was very nice, polite, attentive.  And actually, all of the staff we found were really nice.  Great service.

Food: 
Our food was very good.  The appetizers at around $10 each were fresh and we both enjoyed them.  The waiter suggested to us the cold seafood sampler for 2 which was listed as market rate on the menu.  He never mentioned the price so my husband asked.  Good thing he asked because it was $49.95.  I can imagine some unsuspecting customer ordering this then being shocked by the bill later on.  

Steak: 
Very limited options:  filet mignon, ribeye or new york strip.  That's it!
I also noticed was that none of the steak weights were listed on the menu.  Fleming's had total control over your portion sizes as in they are small.  Being used nice steakhouses that published their weights in the 20-30oz range for a $50 steak we decided to ask.  Fleming's steaks are in the $35 - $45 range and they are 13 oz for the new york strip (per our waiter).  Seems shocking for a small cut of beef.

Our steak was very good.  But we expected a larger cut for $42.

In short, this is an overpriced steakhouse.  The lack of the weights and even some prices on the menu is deceptive.  Like other Yelpers, we were expecting an experience like Alexander's and were let down.  But, glad we tried it.  We just won't be back because, "Meh," We've had better.
Okay, I may get blasted for this but I need to knock the rating down a little because I depend on Yelp so much for my eating and entertainment these days. And the 5 star reviews set my expectations up too high.

First, I want to say that the food and service at Bacaro are every bit as wonderful as everyone says here. Chef Lior rocks!!! But with that said, I want to remind people that Bacaro bills itself as a wine bar. So for that reason, I can only give this place 3 stars. The wine selection was actually disappointing and more expensive than anyone in our party ($180 for 4) expected.

But if you want a great relaxed atmosphere with some delectable tapas dishes, then I definitely recommend stopping by.
This is the place to go when you want to be positively pampered. Their food and drinks were undoubtedly wonderful but I was most impressed by the service. They were very attentative to our needs and speedy too. The menu changes daily so it's hard to say what'll be on there on your visit but since I was with a party of 10+ I got to try almost everything on it that day and wasn't disappointed by a single item. 

For those like me that don't want to pay for a $100 dollar meal, Toast has "tasting tuesdays" where you get the full five course meal for $30 check it out!

p.s. Shrimp and grits is sooo so good
Went here for a dinner/drinks combo night on a friend's suggestion following a great review in some publication. It was an awesome-weather night so the outside was flooded with people who spilled out onto the sidewalks - we chose a table inside. 

This really seemed like a chill post-work spot with some cool decent pub fair. The menu wasn't really expansive by any means, but we each got a burger and had no complaints. The beer menu was pretty solid with even a few random ones mixed in (a drink that was half Sam Summer, half hard cider). 

No complaints at all about this joint at all - as someone else noted, despite being a grad student at a near-to-this-establishment university, I'm not huge on the college-aged crowd and this was more of a working crowd dive. Was cool for some eats and drinks for sure.
4.5

Environment: 4/5
Food: 5/5
Service, 3.5/5

I finally had the chance to try out Bacaro after reading endless reviews of the now former Al Fornos restaurant chefs new home Bacaro.

I was somewhat scared away from the prices, but i was in town with some other foodie friends and said hey, lets do it! (I ended paying 50$ for my share which included an exxcellent wine! My meal included an a shared antipasta, wine, and a main dish with bread)

We came a bit early for dinner, around 6, so the tables were a bit emtpy, but around 7-9 the tables were jam packed. Parking is easy...its located in a parking lots for 50 or so cars...and if that is packed, theere is plenty of parking on the streets for free.

The menu is huge(almost overwhelming) and delightful. Tons of variety with everything from pastas, to starters, to desserts, to seafood, and a very cool salumi antipasta thing (it's like sushi for antipasta)which was amazing! The wine menu is also flawless with a larger variety from all over the world.


Service: It took some time for our waiter to service us for some reason even though the place was empty. Lots of waiters standing around...so we were a bit confused, but eventually our waiter came over (I think he was new and a bit shy) He was informative but was unfamilar wine pairings, so he sent over the manager who was very knowledgable of her wines, but also yawned a few times even apologizing because she was tired (even if you are tired, dont tell us....your shift just started and you have another 6 hours to go!)

Environment: the first floor houses a large lit up bar overlooking the entire restaurant whch is nice. Near the stairs to the upper floor is a mini meat fridge holding all the dry meats and cheeses for your antipasta. It's a nice rustic setting though the I'm a bit picky on interiors and though they could match the furniture and wall colors to the rustic smokey vibe of the bar and open kitchen...the Open Kitchen is upstairs...you cant really see much action, but it's well lit and it gives youa nice fresh vibe for the food to come.

Food: Excellent!!!!! I had a tasting of the duck, scallops, and al dente pasta! the breads also fresh...no complaints here...just damn tasty. 5 starts for sure. The wine might have helped some, but the food still rocked!

Audience: The crowd is the genral Al Fornos crew; dress nicely, wear a tie and a coat, and dress to impress italian style. The nice thing is that the restaurant doesnt feel like a must for this, just a hint. I wore a fancy shirt w/jeans, so, no worries on the dress code...just wear something comfortable that's dark cause it seems everyone including the staff does so. Keep away from shorts and sandals though.

Come here for a dat, with a crew of friends, een a large crowd. There were several tables setup for 8+, including one corner for 20 people.

Hopefully i'll get to come here again, perhaps sit downstairs and compare, though the kitchens upstairs, so I i my food hot! Be prepared to be a bit confused about ALLLlll the dishes on the menu. I was a bit overwhelmed, but this only calls for several more visits.
I had never heard of this place and I went to eat here with my gf's family.  The place was lighted very lightly for that romantic feel.  The service was very good as the waiters were friendly and always alert.  

The food was not that great.  Seriously, I think I would have prefered going to Dittmers and buying a steak and making it myself and it would have been a whole lot cheaper.  I ordered the Bone-in Rib eye....I think they should have renamed it the fatty rib-eye with no flavor.  I can't go on to say that it's as bad as PF CHANGS....but its not that good..and I might have to take out a loan after eating there.  I hope that Gary Coleman info-mercial pops up so he can give me that number again.

I didn't try the wine..but I probably should have..it would have put me in a drunken stooper where all the food taste good.  I'd pass on this place.
I've been here more times than I can count. It's a really cool place. And happy hour is awesome.

If you go on Sundays they have a 3 course prime rib special. Salad, Prime Rib and dessert for $35, you can't really go wrong with that, right? Really good. They have seasonal prefixe menus too if you're into that. 

All in all the food here is pretty good. Definitely get the Flemming's potatoes. They're basically scalloped potatoes that they put orgasms into. It's THAT good. The waiters are SUPER helpful and attentive. If you have any questions when it comes to the menu, they will certainly have an answer for you. And if you have any special request for how your dinner is prepared, they will absolutely make sure it is to your liking, or they will have it fixed until it IS to your liking. 

The happy hour has definitely improved recently. They have a "5 for $6 till 7" thing where it's 5 different wines, 5 different cocktails and 5 different menu items for $6 till 7pm. Very good. I really like the calamari during happy hour. Tell them to go easy on the sauce though, it could be a little over powering.

I'll definitely be coming back for both happy hour and dinner. Yums!
This is one of my favorite restaurants-EVER. The food and drink selection is superb. The service is consistent. The happy hour is also great & very reasonably priced for the quality of food & cocktails!
Outdoor seating makes this a great lunch spot on a nice warm afternoon. They even have heat lamps for chilly nights. The Harris Ranch Cheeseburger was satisfying and much too large to finish, especially with the herb fries that accompany the burger. I was tempted to order one of their yummy drinks on the menu, but decided to go with the iced tea. Overall, great atmosphere and average food but the prices were a little on the expensive side.
Bacaro Burger w/Egg = I just went to heaven.

They have Chimay on tap. Is it possible to go to heaven twice?
If price were not a factor, I'd have to give NVG a solid 5 stars.  The food was outstanding, the service was slightly underattentive but not bad.  

To be honest I have no recollection of what I ate, but I do remember a trio of dessert wines (hint, not everyone likes dessert wines) which I thought were excellent.

If you buy some wine, it's definitely going to rack up the bill.  You'd think that a place called Napa Valley Grille would have more cheap yet good wines from Napa Valley (yes, there is such a thing) but the markup on the wines was not very fair IMO.

So, you should definitely expect the food to be good if you come here.  It's worth it if you're celebrating something, but I'm simply not in the income bracket to make this place a regular habit.
I went here with friends again on Tuesday night, now I'm somewhat familiar with the chain.  It's another corporate steakhouse that prides itself on the visual appeal and comfortable "friends" setting.  You wouldn't take a date here for a romantic dinner.  Instead it's casual and comfortable, the perfect setting to chow down on steak and potatoes.  They like to show off their 100 wines by the glass, but again, it's the quantity appeal, because our waiter didn't know anything about wine.  They have a good list for California big reds, perfect for steak and corporate dinners on someone else's dime.  We had the filet, porterhouse, and 2 strips, all done med rare.  They all came out fine and delicious, but not as tender as a dry aged meat.  For that, Alexander's and House of Prime Rib and Harris's are much better and more refined.  There's also Sundance down the street, and they're both similar in style, but I think Sundance is much better, but then again, they've been open a long time so they probably started out the same way.  Give it some time and maybe Fleming's will be just as good, but for right, they're just okay.
my must have when i go to bacaro (if they have it available)? SANGRIA! Their sangria is delicious, but be warned...there's no wine taste to it so it tastes completely like juice! Depending on who I am with, if they've never had the bacaro burger I definitely order that with a fried egg on top. I think it's not that their pizzas aren't good, but in comparison to all the tapas availability that they have it definitely seems lackluster. I'm sad that they've gotten rid of Beefsteak Sundays, it was always nice to grab a group of friends to catch up during the 2-hour limit and snack on steak, onion rings, potatoes, bread, sangria, wine, etc.! One star deduction for the noisiness, but it's not really their fault.
i wish i could have spent more time here to soak up all they had to offer.  the cheese plate was great paired with a little bubbly, and my pal enjoyed her wine.  it is small, but the decor is great.  service was a bit slow but they were doing a small party next door.  i'll certainly be back.
Shay's is a great place to go with one or two people, but definitely not a big group. It's a very small place. The people that work there are awesome. They play great music. Like really really great music. (I heard M.I.A. there!). One thing I didn't like is how long it takes for them to clear away dirty dishes (mainly beer glasses). There were a bunch of them lined up along the wall last time i was there. It's also a good place to hang out for smokers. Their outdoor seating is small but cute. The bouncer is always polite which is a nice change from the regular bouncer experience.

update 3/6/08
I went over there yesterday and had the cheeseburger. it was awesome. Really awesome. Definitely go here if you like a good cheeseburger. The service was excellent, and they were playing tom waits.
Was at the mall one evening and couldn't get reservations anywhere else, so decided to go to Fleming's because it was close and there wasn't going to be a wait.. I'm not a big meat eater and generally would not choose a steakhouse to eat at, but it was dinnertime. Was not expecting much, but the steak was delicious! Also got BBQ salmon that was nice as well. The steak (don't remember which cut) came out looking pretty unappetizing (huge slab of meat on a big empty plate) but turned out to be flavorful (no A1 needed!) and juicy. Definitely coming back if I ever get a hankering for red meat!
Bacaro LA is one of those that USC students fall head over heels for. Not surprising, considering that this restaurant is one of very few upscale restaurants within walking distance that serves quality food.

I came here on a Saturday night at around 6:30. We had made reservations before, so we were seated instantly. Otherwise, I think would have had to wait.

Regardless, we got our menus and while half of us decided to do their own thing and get 3 small plates for $21, three of us, myself included, decided to split six tapa plates amongst ourselves. 

Bacaro LA knows how to make their tapas sound enticing. We took such a long time deciding on what to get not because the selection was limited, but because everything sound amazing!! Finally, the three of us that were sharing decided to get: Fresh Herb Gnocco Frito, Bacaro Burger, Oven Roasted Bone Marrow, Bacon & Brie Pizza, Pan Seared Polenta and the Black Forest Ham and Basil Pesto Panini. We also decided to get the Olive & Almonds and Brown Butter Cookie Dough for dessert. Here's how each dish went:

Fresh Herb Gnocco Frito
Reminded me of a higher end of a deep-fried mozzarella stick with a side of balsamic vinaigrette dipping sauce. Definitely could have done without this dish.

Bacaro Burger (+ fried egg!)
VERY good, though it really is not a burger. For one, it is much too small to be a burger. Nevertheless, the natural angus beef that they use is SOOOOO good. And you MUST get the fried egg! It MAKES the "burger."

Oven Roasted Bone Marrow
Ever since my first taste of bone marrow, I've always been a sucker for it. Not surprisingly, I wanted to try Bacaro's version of bone marrow. Yes, it was good, and yes, it did melt in your mouth, but they give you SO little bone marrow... stick to Church & State's Bone Marrow and don't waste your money on Bacaro LA's rendition.

Bacon & Brie Pizza
Perfect for sharing! There was a slight kick from the jalapeno and the bacon and brie worked magically together. This was definitely up there with the Bacaro Burger.

Pan Seared Polenta
Great stuff! Unique texture and taste, but it all worked. Also up there with the pizza and burger.

Black Forest Ham and Basil Pesto Panini
Definitely better tasting than your usual ham panini, but it did not blow me away. Yet, if you're looking for a dish to split, look no further! The panini is here to save the day.

Olive & Almonds
I can't say if it really is worth $4 a pop, but both the olives and almonds had such a smoky and fragrant tastes. I could have eaten this all by myself.

Last but certainly not least...

Brown Butter Cookie Dough
This is what I was waiting for after a friend of mine told me that this is the one thing she consistently orders at Bacaro LA. This dessert comes in a narrow dish that is divided into three sections: one for their light whipped cream, another for their warm candied walnuts and the last for the cookie dough smothered in chocolatey ganache and topped with caramelized and bruleed bananas.The thick and rich cookie dough honestly could not have gone better with anything else but the bananas, walnuts, cream and ganache!! This dessert does wonders. I was literally licking my dish until it was as clean as a whistle (sorry for the badly placed cliche). 

So after we were done and leaning back on the chairs, caressing our bellies and noisily licking our lips, we received the check... a very shocking check indeed.

After gratuity, tax, drinks and the tapa plates themselves, the bill came to around $37 per person (keep in mind that the plates are very small). I mean, it could have been worse, but for the amount we ate, the bill was a bit exorbitant.

But I can't get myself to give Bacaro three stars. The food was very good, the waiters were funny and affable and though Bacaro is a small place, they really know how to play up the atmosphere with their signature ceiling of empty wine bottles and blackboard wall. 

My suggestion? Come during happy hour... THEN it's worth it.
Dinner for two turned out ok.  Wife ordered arugula, fennel, goat cheese salad and I had the fish chowder for appetizers.  The salad was outstanding, fresh and tasty.  The chowder was "young" and not fully infused with the flavors of the vegetables and fish.  I ordered the hangar steak after several reviews' raves.  It was indeed a terrific steak, done perfectly.  The baby carrots were excellent but the shoestring fries, infused with rosemary, were a bit overdone (dry).  

The parchment-cooked bass my wife ordered was another issue.  It was undercooked and she sent it back.  The chef came out and agreed, saying one of the difficulties of cooking in parchment is knowing when the dish is done, (not wanting to overcook it.)  So I ate my dish while she waited for hers to be finished.  Hers came out, re-sealed in parchment, but the juices of the first presentation in the parchment were not fully replaced or the fish simply dried up in the re-cooking.  This made for less flavorful bites and ultimately it was a disappointment.  

After a mistake of that magnitude, it would have been a nice gesture for the chef to offer a free dessert or something.  But, nothing was offered.  We shared a chocolate cake with our coffee and tea anyway.  The chocolate cake was very good but not rave-worthy.

So a mixed review here.  I'm not sure it was worth the $120. including wine and tip.  Maybe not.
An unpretentious delight! With a wine list that is individual and unique and small dishes (cichetti - the Italian tapas) that are delicious and inventive + pair perfectly with the wine.  Highly recommended for anyone in LA...
Ok, first off, I think my taste buds are growing or expanding...

After trying the Burata at Obika Mozarella Bar in Culver City, I wanted to try other Burata's and other cheeses.

I came here with my cousin and she ordered. It seemed like a lot, but she said the portion and plating were small. OMG! It was interesting and delicious. Some I could steer away from and I don't think I would try again. We got:

            ROASTED RAINBOW BEETS
            BURRATA DI STEFANO
            CROSTINI  with gorgonzola, dates, walnuts, orange honey; fresh 
            goat cheese, balsamic endive mamalde, and mascarpone, sun-
            dried tomato tapenade)
            THE BACARO BURGER ** this is an absolute must!!** it was so  
            delicious
            BACON & BRIE (not a real fan of bacon, but the combination of 
            bacon pieces, oven cooked brie and jalapeos were great)

There was this California dish, but I think it was a special. It had chipotle sauce and OMgoodness, I fell in love.
I went back for lunch for an office thing.  Again, really unimpressed.  They had a bunch of soup + sandwich combos.  I asked about the soup and the waitress said it was like a minestrone -- I didn't want that.  Well, she was wrong.  So, she came back and interrupted a speech someone was giving at my table to tell me and ask if I wanted to order one.  The interruption was rude and I actually would have liked to change my whole order to get the combo, but it was too late for that.  What I did order was a steak salad.  Mistake -- it was gross.  It felt like they took the scraps from other meat, re-cooked it, and served it on top of my salad.  So disappointing.
I've been going to Vinology since 2007 and while its definitely had its ups and downs throughout the years, the current product is one of my favorite places to dine in Ann Arbor. 

Wine Selection: Solid, as is to be expected for a place named Vinology.  I usually go for a wine flights, which, are grouped by flavor profile rather than region, which is nice.

Food:  Tasty, inventive and fun.  While Vinology is a higher-end restaurant, the menu is unpretentious and interesting and has 1/2-priced entrees and small plates which make it accessible to a wide range of patrons. 
The highlights of the menu are definitely the meat and pasta dishes. The meat dishes tend to be well-prepared and awesomely savory and flavorful and the pasta is usually wonderfully textured with some sort of excellent sauce.  The only knock I have on the food is that I have rarely had a good experience ordering seafood at Vinology; they always seem to have trouble cooking it well and pairing it with a sauce or garnish that  and compliments the flavor effectively.  One more thing: always always order dessert.

Atmosphere/Service:  I love the space of the restaurant and the servers are usually polite and competent.  The bartenders are always excellent and friendly.
I loved it here!  Delicious food and great ambiance.  They don't just give you plain ol' bread and butter.  If my memory serves well, It's herbed bread w/ some kind of sun dried tomato whipped butter and herbed cheese (feta I think) for spreading, complimentary of course.  

*French Onion Soup = really good and they don't skimp on the cheese
*Chipotle Cheddar Mac & Cheese = tasty, but a little too al dente for my taste
*Steak = tender & juicy
*Fountain Coke = nice and un-flat

It was a several months ago that we came here, so I can't recall the details.  I do remember that it was more dim than other steakhouses.  Also the prices are pretty expensive compared to other steakhouses like Black Angus or Outback.  So it would be better to come here for special occasions, birthdays, anniversaries, etc. 

Will be back again.  Next time dressed a little more fancy, 'cause it was kind of like those "driving by- ooh what's that? Do we have time to go in? Ooh let's try it, we skipped lunch anyway. Oh, but we're not dressed right, oh who cares, they're not going to kick us out, let's go!" kind of situations.
They "Lost" my reservation and said i could stand around or come back 1.5 hours later. This is totally unacceptable. Below is a letter i wrote to their customer service department.

I am writing to inform you of the disappointing service i received visiting your location in La Jolla on University Center Lane. I was visiting San Diego this week and made a reservation at this location via telephone the previous Friday (1/7) for Sunday at 7pm. When I arrived at the location i was greeted by your host. I gave hi my name and stated I had a 7pm reservation. He was unable to find the reservation in the computer. He called another location downtown to ensure i had not mistakenly made the reservation there. Unfortunately after calling the other location he was still unable to find my reservation. The host stated he did not have any availability until 8:30PM. I explained to the host that I made the reservation 2 days ago. I also explained that i just drove down down from Los Angeles and was quite hungry. I told the host that I drive 18 miles out of my way to have dinner here. He restated that he did not have anything available until 8:30. I asked if there was anything that could be done about the situation, the host stated i could wait until 8:30 and he could try to seat me. I thanked the host for his assistance and left the restaurant. 

This is not the level of service i have become accustomed from your establishment. I visit your location in LA Live 2-3 times a month and generally when visiting San Diego I dine at the gas lamp district location every evening. Up to this point i looked forward to dining at Flemings. I regularly entertain vendors, clients and staff, boasting about the quality and level of service received. I understand they were a bit busy this evening. After tonight I feel it is best for me to take my business somewhere else. 

I certainly hope this letter will help provide the feedback necessary to enable your company to train your host staff to recognize an unsatisfied customer and help provide a remedy for customer retention.
MAYBE I'm a little biased because I worked here for a few years, but this has got to be one of my FAVORITE restaurants. Actually, that probably says even more because I've never grown sick of the food, and I keep coming back. No reservations, so be prepared to stand around a little, but it's totally worth it. A lot of the ingredients are from local farms, and the bread and desserts are made right down the street at Witherspoon Bread Company. Go for the conchiglie balsamico- YUM! Pizzas are fab- Insalate di pizza is my favorite. And pretty much any of their specials are worth trying. You can't really go wrong with any of the desserts- esp the peach bread pudding. And they have a great wine list... if you're a red-drinker, try the Montes Cabernet-Carmonere. It's my all-time favorite wine.

I should go back and work for the company's marketing team, I swear.
Great food, top notch. Even the HH food and pricing is awesome. 
on the other hand about the staff...........as a local patron that eats out frequently I've notice the staff is not as engaging and friendly- especially the bar. Compare to most restaurants around downtown the bar staff are practically family to most local patrons.
Great steaks, amazing service and worth every penny. I would definitely come back. I recommend the Filet Mignon and Crab Cakes.
Great salads, loved the Cuban sandwich. No waiting on a Thursday night! Good selection of wine and beer...all in all, very worth the price!
Party of (4) Celebrating Valentine's Day

The meal started off great, excellent drinks and appetizers
After that, the evening went downhill fast. Our entrees took
about 45 minutes to come out we do understand since it was Valentine's day
and when they did,  

Our order:

Sides:

FLEMING'S POTATOES (Very dry No cheese at all) 
CHIPOTLE CHEDDAR MACARONI & CHEESE (It was good and cheesy)
GRILLED HIGH COUNTRY ASPARAGUS ( Very good)
SAUTED MUSHROOMS ( Very good)

PRIME NEW YORK STRIP was  rare (We had ordered it medium-well)

PETITE FILET MIGNON was medium (We had ordered it medium-well)

2nd PETITE FILET MIGNON was cooked right

3rd MAIN FILET MIGNON was medium rare (We had ordered it medium-well)


3 out of the 4 steaks were wayyyyyyy OVERSALTED (Thank God were not diabetic)

We let out Waiter know about our food,he said he would have the manager come 
and talk to us regarding this, we waited for like 20-30 mins then we asked him again then he said, ( the manager is really busy and can"t come to your  table)  Really?? that was a very nice way to let us know that we had to eat our steak the way it was, Thank You Wayne Hanseth! For making our Valentine's dinner unforgettable Oh by the way Nice suit!!

Dessert:

FRESH BERRIES & CHANTILLY CREAM (Good and fresh) 

CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE ( it was ok)

So We dropped over three hundred After they took 34.00 off our check, on a meal that wasn't satisfying. No more star deduction for my own stupidity
I am not kidding when I give this place 5 stars. I have been here multiple times and not once have I left without a huge smile on my face. The New York Strip is totally awesome, the martinis are outstanding, the appetizers and sides all our just the best things I have eaten. The service is really good too our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the extensive wine selection they have. My girlfriend is vegetarian and she was even ecstatic about the selection of meals that did not include meat and would not stop talking about the butternut squash soup with blue cheese crumbles. 

Stellar all around, if you have never been here I strongly urge you to make a reservation and go.
Great Happy Hour menu and the pricing is amazing for what you get. Five of us tried it this evening, and given that it's a steakhouse of course four of us got the burger. Really yummy, worth far more than the happy hour price. 

My one gripe  about this place, based on my one visit, is that it took the waitperson quite a while to ask for a drink order and then never really was attentive to us. We were there for two hours and had only one drink each -- not because we wouldn't have had more but because no one ever came to ask. Pretty lame.
Very nice place and very good but not great food.  It was pretty expensive!  $1200 for 10 of us! Sure there was some wine and sides but we were in sticker shock when we got the bill!  Very nice atmosphere, we didn't feel rushed and were there 3.5 hours! Great service as well.  Would go back if someone was treating! :)
Went here with friends for happy hour. They didn't have much of a drink selection for happy hour. The garlic fries are a must though. The service is good and it has a nice ambiance.
The ambiance and staff were fabulous.  But seriously, after Morton's and Ruth's Chris, this place is just meh.  The sides were terrible except for the garlic mashed potatoes and our steak and fish were good but not amazing.  I live in San Jose and I will be going to Morton's instead of traveling all the way to Palo Alto.  

Though they did give me a nice box of yummy chocolate with a $25 gift card for my birthday!  That was the highlight.
I find this spot to be cozy and intimate which is odd because there are no private tables.  There is a communal table in the middle and two bars for additional seating.  However you feel completely alone.  I had a smooth and delicious Bordeaux that was paired beautifully with nice hunk of cheddar cheese, whole grain mustard, and crusty bread.  I enjoyed the quiet and charming atmosphere that Biba brings while enjoying the best things in life: wine and cheese.  What else does a girl need?
A very nice, comfortable "bistro" type atmosphere. Tables are pretty close together but we weren't uncomfortable.

Had dinner for two on a Thursday night in early April.  I had a salad and the penne with seafod. Really nice, fresh well-prepared food without too much salt or heavy sauces.

My dinner companion had the Grilled chicken pizzette - I stole a slice. Very good quality as well.  A nice glass of reasonably priced Montepulciano rounded out the meal.

A very good choice for dinner in Princetown in a lively, classy but still comfortably casual (suit or jeans) setting.
I went here for dinner and it was a lot of fun. They have flights of wines which we failed to notice on a separate menu and our waiter failed to point out. 

The gnocchi are delicious pillows of perfected potato noodle goodness. The meats and cheeses were fresh and delicious (minus the lox we had on a platter... that was bit off). The seared tuna is NOT to missed, that was amazing. The desserts were lacking some sophistication. The small plates menu should be expanded.Overall, we had great service and some definite hits with our selection. 

To note: on the wine menu they have kindly gave you a wine selection "hints" on the side in the form of silly pictures. They let you know if the wine is sweet, "luscious," crisp, etc.
Inside porch decor.  Pleasant enough except for surly service from a male waiter.  After the poor service, we found a compulsory tip of 20% for our party of six.  I called the restaurant later and asked if this policy was on the menu;  they said it was not.  The custom of the country is 15% and sometimes 18%, but 622 North encourages their servers to do the least for the most.  Bad idea.
great happy hour, but make sure you get there before 5 if you want seats!
My group took up most of the patio and it was excellent! The waitress was super smart in suggesting what we order as such a large group. We all had the perfect amount to get full without running out or having leftovers! The food is awesome!! The service was great! I was told the happy hour Martini's where awesome...I had wine. As usual! :) LOL We ALL agreed that we'd be back!!
So I got a Groupon for Bacaro LA. It is the second "wine bar" that i have been to in L.A. I say "wine bar" in quotations because I don't really consider this place to be a wine bar since they have such a limited selection of wine that I just can't count it as such. 

Anyway. I went with a friend, on the last day that I could use my Groupon and the place was packed. The wait staff said they expected a rush of people because it was the last day to use the deal. There had to be setting for only 20-25 people in the whole restaurant. So, we ended up standing in line for about 45minutes waiting to be seated. With that said, I still give this place high marks because the food was delicious and decently priced. 

I ordered smoked salmon corn fritters, a panini with Gruyere cheese, pastrami and caramelized onions, and mac and cheese. Everything was amazingly good. These were small plates, but I was so full afterwords and it was only $21 for the three different items. The mac and cheese alone...I will go back for. 

My friend had the Nutella panini with strawberries. She loved it.
Great atmosphere, enjoyed the scallops on pumpkin puree and drizzled with apple/bacon
Tried this place out for Midtown restaurant week. As far as the restaurant week offerings go, the choices were pretty slim. I guess we lucked out because the featured dessert on the RW menu was sold out, so we had our pick of desserts from the regular menu. Starters were the wild mushroom soup and the arugula salad. Both were decent, nothing mind blowing. The best entree ordered was probably the roast chicken--very tender and flavorful. The salmon was slightly overdone and it was over steamed arugula because they had ran out of spinach. For dessert RV had the cheesecake which he enjoyed and my mom and I split the cheese course--we had our pick of 4 different cheeses. Can't remember them, but that was kind of fun.
Steak here is excellent and the sides are also really good. I had the bone-in filet mignon. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I ordered it with a peppercorn sauce, but really it didn't need any sauce because it was seasoned well.

The mashed potatoes were a little creamier than I like, but the taste was excellent. 

I found the portion size to be small compared to the high price, both for the steak and the side. For one scoop of mashed potato they charge something like $11. The steak was like $45.

I wanted to order the filet mignon without the bone but they had the bone-in filet as a special. After I tried to order it without the bone, the waitress kept insisting I order it with the bone and would not let me order it the way I want. I understand the wait staff is under pressure to push the specials, but I don't like being told what I have to order. I think they were way too pushy.

The place is extremely noisy. I could barely hear the person sitting right next to me, and there weren't even that many people in the restaurant. This is not a good place to go on a date or any occasion where you want to have conversation unless you want to go deaf from screaming at the person sitting next to you. 

Overall I give it a solid 4-stars but may not come back. Sundance has better ambiance, better service, and the steaks there are just as good, if not better, and the prices are a little lower there.
I have been a fan of Vinology for awhile now and patron the restaurant quite often.  Tonight hubby and I went for dinner prior to a concert.  The place was VERY busy but we were able to make reservations.  The reason I am posting an update is because a new menu is available and our dishes tonight were spot on fantastic.  I had the Parmesan Shrimp and hubby had the Salmon (with eel, pot stickers and sushi pieces).  Each dish absolutely rocked, and I mean, really rocked.   Take a trip to Vinology and try the new menu items.  Yum.
With the new Portuguese Chef and updated menu they are still working out the kinks, but this restaurant has classic charm and elegance. While some dishes were a hit - one was a miss, but the exceptional service and hospitality of the restaurant staff made that slight disappointment a quick afterthought. The oysters with cucumber mignonette were fantastic. Honestly the best oysters I've ever had - and I have had quite a few of those delicious bivalves in my day. The ahi with veggie paella and squid ink was unmemorable, but the whole fish with singed olives was a tasty treat. My personal favorite of the night was the seared duck breast with duck confit and a mint cilantro pesto. To die for! Perfectly cooked tender morsels. The only disappointment was the lamb sausage with roasted fennel and apple risotto. The texture was a bit off for the risotto and the flavors really didn't seem to play off one another as well as they should have. The wine list is impeccable and the staff are very well versed, that in conjunction with the professionalism of the management it is sure to make sure your meal is an enjoyable experience. The desserts were superb. The lavender panna cotta was a flavorful and textural treat and the trio of ice creams made me want to cry it was so good. The spice, pistachio, and amaretto almond flavors were the perfect accompaniment to my port. What a great end to the decadent meal. Once their menu has been served a few more times I am sure a meal here will be sure to impress.
Teresa's Cafe has pretty good Italian food at reasonable prices. However, I find it inconvenient to eat here often because of the crowds and policy to not take reservations. If I lived very close, that wouldn't be a big deal, but since I drive into Princeton for dinner, it's not worth gambling on a long wait unless I'm REALLY hungry for lasagna. (The lasagna with Simply Grazin' beef is quite good -- very meaty, not too cheesy.)

Drop the rating to two stars in the wintertime -- there is nowhere in the restaurant to wait if tables aren't open, which means you will be stomping your feet to stay warm on the sidewalk. (Or, more likely, going someplace else to eat instead.)
It was our first visit to the Stanford Shopping Centre after recently moving to the bay area, and after doing some window shopping my husband and I decided to check out the nearby restaurants.  We had the choice of the Creamery bar and grill, or Fleming's and even though we were dressed like total slobs we chose the latter.  We had no idea upon entering how nice the restaurant was or how expensive it was but after telling our hostess how many were in our party there was no turning back...pretty much because they were able to seat us immediately...DAMN IT.  To say we were underdressed would be an understatement.  We sat down and were greeted by our middle aged, overly friendly, and kind of pushy waiter , ordered our Stellas on draft ~7.00, and looked at our menus.  We thought oh well, we're here, we're uncomfortable...screw it...let's go all out.  We had the prawn cocktail, king crab legs, and the NY strip.  (Add in sides, drinks, tax, and tip the meal was ~200.00)  But am I glad we did.  The food was amazing, well portioned, and JUICYYY!  I recommend both entrees.
Really enjoy coming here for happy hour. Service is great and never tasted a cocktail or dish I didnt like .....
I wish my boyfriend & I found out about this place sooner! I've been here twice now & I can't wait to go back again.

I've been here during happy hour only & since this place is quite small, it gets packed easily (not good for big groups). Parking wasn't that much of a pain since we got there around 5pm. 
Anyway-- the food is amazing. Since they're all tapas, you can order & try several plates without that overwhelming "I can't finish all this food" feeling. 

You HAVE to try the Bacaro burger with the fried egg. So, so good.
I'm not big on wine but they also have half off wine by the glass on Mondays.
Really?
we had a good dinner here - pretty solid but nothing great.  good for a local night out but definitely not a special occasion place.
I can't speak for the regular menu; this is for happy hour only.  

Everything on the happy hour menu SOUNDS fantastic...but most of it just isn't.  It's definitely worth the money, though, since it barely makes a dent in the wallet.  The only things I'd have again are the tomato soup, which was outstanding, and the garlic fries--which weren't, but they were still strangely addictive.  I agree with some other reviewers that you have to bring your own party--it's big and low-key, less manic than Palomino at its peak (happy) hours.  It's more mellow, but also seems a little classier--having said that, both impressions could be due to the fact that I was with a large and rowdy group, and the restaurant was pretty quiet, so the contrast was striking.  All the servers were very accommodating, despite the fact that we were unceremoniously dragging tables all around the dining room in an effort to get 20+ people together during their late-night happy hour.  An alternative to Palomino, though the food seems to be more hit-or-miss, and a $6 wine "special" borders on unforgivable (at least from the perspective of a grad student, when Palomino has it at $4).
The menu is small, the restaurant itself even smaller, so why, you ask, do people love Granada Bistro so much? Simple this place easily has the best paninis (or any sandwiches for that matter) anywhere in San Luis Obispo. The cuban panini in particular is nothing short of amazing. All the food is made right in front of you with an excellent wine selection to complement it. Even the desserts are homemade. Splurge on the cupcakes, trust me, you won't regret it.

Of course the real reason locals come here is for the intimacy and atmosphere. The restaurant seats ten people max so don't expect privacy expect casual social chatter and the host (Kimberley Walker?) is as amazing and down to earth as they come. Expect eye rolls and side comments from the locals if you're a tourist....dining here is considered encroaching on their personal space. Also expect excellent service from the host food may be a little slow, but Kim makes all the food herself right in front of you and she's definitely the friendliest  hostess I've met in Slo. Don't let the small atmosphere discourage you! Granada Bistro is a place everyone should dine at least once and guys, this is the perfect place to take a woman on a date. I know I'm taking my girlfriend here when she visits.
We had a super good experience here. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and was extremely nice. We brought our own bottle of wine and he immediate recognized the wine and knew of the winery and other varietals. He also gave us a recommendation for other wines to look for as well.

For dinner I ordered the porcini filet medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. Maybe they have a sous-vide machine in the back because I have no idea how they got such an even temperature through the cut. It was like butter. Melty, delicious, meaty butter. Probably could've just used a fork and would've still cut through the steak. It was yum. 

Prices here are pretty much what you'd expect. For around $40 you get a 12oz Filet Mignon. Their special is the bone-on filet, which is a good deal more than that. I'll have to try it sometime based on the deliciousness of the Porcini Filet.
Being the poor college student that I am, I am all for eating fancy dinners for cheap. Fleming's has a Sunday prime rib dinner special with salad, sides and dessert for only $30-35. You get a 12 oz. prime rib with a trio of dipping sauces;however, I would avoid the horseradish. The Fleming's salad is one of my favorite salads and is also large in size. You also get a good portioned side dish and an array of choices for dessert. The actual steak is nowhere close to as good as Morton's, but Fleming's on Sunday nights have one of the best values for a steak dinner anywhere, especially La Jolla.
10.4.08: I can't say I love this place and I can't say that it's terrific. So I would say overall this place is about 3.5. Let's start witht the food. I was a little hungry but I came here for a party and well it was AYCE and Drink. But one downfall there was only two things on the menu. It's not their fault someone loved the idea, but I went with it. The food was ok, a little on the salty side, well actually too salty. I think for one peice of beef I had one glass of tea. Seriously! 

I swear I saw that cute decorated toilet of theirs about 5 or 6 times and I was actually only there at the restaurant for about an hour. 

I can really say the service was pretty attentive, the place is a little too small for a big crowd but they somehow made it worked. The tables were actually as wide as my body. Yes that's how I measure things by body parts. Anyhow one thing I liked most was the artistic thing on the wall. It was a drawing or chalk thing that it had going on. I really liked it alot. Very different! 

So overall not too shabby, but  next time I'll come for their food in general rather than taking advantage of their ayce menu.
The customer service is so, so, so bad. The food is good, but it doesn't matter, because they'll never bring it to you.
I visited Toast! for my birthday dinner last night and couldn't be happier with our decision. We had met one of the chefs, Chris, at a pub last weekend and were inspired by his enthusiasm for the ingredients (locally farm-sourced) and passion for his culinary creations. Everything we ate was as delicious as he described, and the wines we tried were excellent!

As others have mentioned, the interior of the restaurant is rustic and inviting - wood beamed ceiling and cranberry colored walls. Tables are situated rather closely, excepting a few areas that are arranged in a more relaxed manner with cushioned benches. There is also a bar with what appeared to be a full liquor selection. Toast's wine list features about twenty five varietals with one choice in each category (plus a few blends).

We are nuts about wine, so we tried everything from sparkling to Zinfandel and were more than pleased with each glass. It is so great to be able to sample a wine as a half-glass or smaller quantity without being charged extra.

Appetizers: Mission figs with goat cheese wrapped in iberico ham. Great, loved the subtle herbal flavor of thyme and lavendar to compliment the drizzle of honey. Loved the cheese plate as well, although I wish we'd been given additional crackers as they are made in house and taste delicious!  We also ordered the hand-pulled mozzerella caprese salad, in which the balsamic vinegar had been formed rather nontraditionally into little gelatinous cubes - tastier than it may sound - and sprinkled with lemony basil. 

Entrees: Crispy pork shoulder over slightly smoky peaches and fried greens. Perfecly crisped with fork-tender meat inside. Outstanding! Husband ordered the lamb meatloaf with herb gravy over roasted root veggies. We couldn't decide which was better. The couple seated beside us were very impressed with the risotto entree and the steak. They also shared with us their creme brulee, which we all agreed was lovely.

We tried three desserts - doughnuts with caramel sauce, strawberry shortcake and chocolate pot de creme. Fabulous - consistency of the pot de creme was every bit as good as my mother's (my personal standard). We paired our sweets with a Sauternes and their lower-priced Portuguese port. By this point I was in heaven.

Our server was sweet and knowledgable. They kept the door open to the kitchen throughout the duration of our meal, giving the impression that the chefs take great pride in their food preparation. A manager/owner stopped by to gauge our satisfaction and thank us for coming. We felt appreciated and pampered. I can't wait to return to Toast! in a few months for fall flavors!
Our waitress was pretty rude and short with us right from the start, so we started to debate leaving but the group decision was to stay.  I had a salad, and a filet mignon, along with shared sides of mac n cheese, blue cheese mashed potatoes. and jalepeno scalloped potatoes.  The salad was nice, and the scalloped potatoes were good.  My steak was a disappointment though, it was kinda luke warm and there was a tough part to it.  You shouldn't run into any tough parts in a filet at a steak house.  The mac n cheese was disgusting, it should have been like a homemade version not like the kraft version but unfortunately it was the later.   The mediocre food, and poor service adds up to the 2 generous stars I gave it.
So I still haven't been here for food. But I've been to the bar on Troy Night Out after parties, and for the most part, I'm over the bar. 

The last few times I've tried to order a drink they've either completely ignored me (and other patrons), or made undrinkable drinks. And I'm talking a rocks drink undrinkable. Since when is whiskey green? Stick with beers or wine. 

The bar wasn't busy. I waited five minutes, got annoyed, and walked off. Came back, made eye contact, had cash out, and still waited 10 minutes without so much as a hello or "I'll be right with you". One of the bartenders even left a tap running for several minutes, while some nice patrons reached over the bar to turn it off. 
The bartenders were all over the bar, instead of handling halves/sides of the bar. They tended to people who already had drinks, for inane requests, like filling the drinks up with more soda. People with tabs found a way to get their attention by waving manically as the bartenders walked by. I wish I were kidding about this.

I gave up on getting a drink - if you don't want me as a customer, fine, I don't want a drink from you. When a bartender finally got around to my friend, there was no apology or acknowledgement for the wait.

This has happened enough times that, sorry Daisy's - I'm probably never going to give you money ever again. I've been a bartender. I know that being in the weeds SUCKS. But what's even worse is being in the weeds when it's not even busy. I don't even want to know how they handle busy nights. But you know what? An apology goes a LONG way with customers, not blatantly ignoring people hoping they'll go away. 

All I know is I miss the stellar old school bartender from the night I went with Jess. He was a craftsman and true professional. I also am not ruling out dining here, and am perfectly open to the idea. But self service at the bar is out of the question.
Happy Hour 5pm - 7pm daily?  $6 specials on drinks and amazing apps?  HELL YEAH, I'M THERE!

Three of us walked in 5 minutes 'till 5pm, and it's a good thing we did!  We snagged the last booth and shortly thereafter, the bar was packed with a long wait of over-indulgers!

Our server came to the table..."Do you girls know what you want yet?"
Us girls in unison, "Yes, we want one of EVERYTHING, please!"
This included goodies like carpaccio, fried calamari, bbq shrimp, seared ahi tuna and a phatty blue cheese bacon burger with all the fixins and a side of shoestring potatoes...all washed down with glasses of red and whites.   You'd think for $6 the portions would be uber-tiny!  NOPE.  Did the gluttony stop there?  Of course not!  We ordered the creme brulee topped with fresh fruit and a side of heavenly whipped cream.  

Generous portions...and us three little girls did a good job polishing everything off.  However, none of us raved about any of them.  At happy hour, you are getting a good bang for your buck, but nothing we ordered was out of this world.

I think I just gained ten pounds.  I LOVE BAY AREA HAPPY HOURS!!!
This is a great restaurant with intimate atmosphere and delicious modern creations.  Their menu changes constantly depending on the local produce available, in addition they also have an extensive wine list for your selection.  If you are adventurous, the chef's menu on Tuesday night is a good choice.
We had the fillet, the onion soup, and the salad
Everything was great I highly recommend it.
I absolutely love Flemings!  Every time I have been here, the service has been excellent, the food is always delicious and everyone is courteous and friendly.  Their happy hour is amazing and I love that it goes until 7pm so I can stop by after work.  I have also been multiple times for dinner and it is delicious.  Flemings is my favorite steak place in all of San Diego.
Best aspects:
* Food is very tasty and they use a lot of interesting ingredients and spices. Also they try to locally source ingredients.
* Wine is very good of course.
* The decor is AWESOME.

Worst aspects:
* Our service was not good: she did not come to the table often and gave us attitude about order a bottle for five people instead of four people.
* Three menu items were not available, but we weren't told until we tried to order it.
* A little pricy: bottles of wine at least $30 and entrees about $20.
* No beer available, but lots of wine and liquor selection.

Overall: Worth going to every so often, but not my regular place.
This restaurant has only been open for a week when I visited, and this is usually not a good idea.  However, they passed the test, in spades.

The decor seems a bit sparse, but the tables are far apart and the booths are comfortable.  Noise level is excellent.  This is the kind of place you can take a business associate or family members to and know you will be comfortable.

The server we had was a lovely young woman who clearly had not had much server experience, but she was eager to learn and comfortable in asking how she might improve.  It was charming, and did not detract at all from the experience.  I am sure, when the place gets its footing, the service will be up to par.

The menu is inventive, without being cute, and the emphasis on fresh vegetables and seafood is refreshing.  This did not deter us from sampling their meat dishes, with great success.

Most importantly, the kitchen is on top of its game, which is rare in a new opening.  I had the spiced duck breast and my partner had the hanger steak.  Both cooked to perfection, red inside and seared on the outside.  The quality was first class, as were the sides and dessert.

The casual atmosphere belies the sophisticated work going on in the kitchen.  They know what they are doing and they work as a team.  The management is professional, focusing on the product and willing to train their front of the house in their own way.  This is possibly the best addition to the west Philadelphia / University City area in some time, and I would suspect that it will be around for some time and become a staple in the area.
Always perfect in my book.  Great rib-eye, food is oh so hot always!  It's next to sinful but the mac and cheese is exceptional!  Attentative service, great atmosphere and always made to feel welcome, almost expected!!  We shared the ribeye this time, more than enough for the two of us.  The wedge is delicious!!  Love the wine list and the lava cake.
Danny totally took care of us.

Great vibe.  Not too dressy, not too sloppy.  That's the way a wine bar / gastro pub should be.  Seriously.  We got:

cauliflower
bruchetta
black beer from Brazil
warm beet salad
bread pudding
pizza

It was all so good.

Don't half step.  Come early and with a small group so that you can get a table.  FYI, it's about the size of Father's Office in Santa Monica.
The Salmon was remarkable.  One of the best restaurants in North America.
Stopped in for a bite and drink while my tire was being repaired up the road @ the 76 Station.
They were officially closed and having a wine tasting event for many local LA restaurants but were generous enough to allow me and my friend to stay and drink while they got ready to open up for dinner.
Food: Scallops 5 stars excellent- fresh and delicious
Friend had the hanger steak and enjoyed every bite 5 stars
The brushetta sampler and bread pudding 5 stars
Wine Selection is excellent and they have something for all budgets.

Overall their Vegetarian/Vegan options are very limited but what they have works and Service does not disappoint!

I'm looking forward to taking advantage of their 5-7p.m. happy hour
amazing. 
cozy little minimalist tapas bar.
italian tapas, small plates, $7 each of 3 for $19.
i went for the open face burger, (you HAVE to have it topped with a fried egg for an extra buck), hanger steak slices with lemon olive oil and roasted beets with goat cheese and fresh tarragon.
to endure the anticipation i got an old school german wheat beer from the city of muenster which my dad used to talk about: pinkus mueller.
dom had some fried polenta squares with sauteed eggplant, garlic and olives and there were a few plates of pan fried scallops floating around the table....hungry yet?
usc area, hoover and union...
The Bacaro burger is my favorite!!  Love the eggs with beef cooked medium rare.
I dont eat steak that often, but when I do, I prefer Flemings Prime Bone-In Ribeye.  Stay hungry my friends.

And the gin martinis are large and tasty as well.
Love, love, love Biba! The wine selection is great, the staff is knowledgeable and the food is both innovative and delicious. It's like walking into a wine cellar to sit with some friends and have a drink. It's a small space, but comfortable.

A few of my favorites:
chilled asparagus
lemon, garlic and thyme mixed olives
tere de moine cheese
Brie de Nangis with Allagash cherries on crustada
We enjoy their 6 'til 7 when we can get in. Understandably, it's a first come, first serve policy but they really should initiate some kind system to manage it. If you're there in a coveted booth, you will attract hoverers (a mood/meal spoiler) to try to get your table. People such as myself who wait patiently by the entrance get passed by sneakers who come much later and hang out inside the bar and then pounce upon a just vacated booth. Then to had insult to injury, my last visit, a couple showed up 20mins after me and were directed to a booth at the back by the chef himself. What about me? The hostess knew I was there earlier yet did not intercede. Fortunately, the couple at a both acknowledge that we had been there a while (45mins) and offered their booth as they were paying. Once seated, drinks and food very good as usual.
I have been back twice since my last review and both times the service was much improved. Love this place....it's quickly becoming my fav as long as they keep the service humming.
Very good food.  Can be awkward, as some of the tables in the front are very close to one another.  Some good wines that are very inexpensive.  Good for small groups.
We are regulars at this Fleming's.  Love the carpaccio, it comes with several pieces of cheese toast so don't load up on the bread if your going to order this.  French onion soup is very tasty. Seared ahi appetizer is standard, nothing special.   I usually get the fillet medium rare oscar style which is delicious.  If you eat dessert which I always do, then the lava cake is a must! Comes with homemade whipped cream and ice cream.  So yummy!
Between their excellent wine list and a lovely outdoor patio, I'm sold.  As luck would have it, their food is pretty good, too.  Also, last time I was there, I made a mental note of the two large event rooms in the back of the restaurant.  Seems like a good place to have a group dinner!
oh how i love my shay's. many a drunken night here, sitting outside, having a good n' cheap $18 bottle of wine after a hellish night serving. their burrito's are amazing. i second the brie plate. i love amy and sarah. i'm sorry i rarely go in the winter, but when i do, its cider w/ port for me.
my only gripe is i never got a job here.
Best underground bar in town.  (okay maybe the only one) But this place definitely has the atmosphere.  The bartender was a dick but who cares, aren't they all?  Go here late and hear live music underground and bump into cool people.
Excellent food and great atmosphere
PROS: Tasty, fresh ingredients, cute ambiance, convenient UC location
CONS: Pricy for portions

Every thing we ordered from the menu was quite good, taste-and-quality-wise. The cheeses were enticing and the bread was perfectly crusty. However, prices are a bit steep for what you get. I would say it's a nice spot to stop for drinks/snacks, but not a good place to dine.
Had the food not been so good, I would have rated Bacaro a solid one star out of sheer frustration.  I'm going to go out on a limb here and say if you run a small wine bar that holds maybe 50 people, you should not allow for large party reservations.  On both times we came here, over half of the available seating had been reserved, and what remained had a lengthy waiting list.  On our first visit when it happened, we just grabbed a couple of glasses of wine at the bar and decided to come back another time, assuming it had been a fluke.  Second time confirmed that this is standard practice.  The clientele seemed to be made mostly of USC students, all of whom were well behaved (though I had serious doubts as to the age of some of them and didn't see any carding enforced).  But it just made me feel of out of place.  Like I was a chaperone at a prom instead of an adult trying to have a nice night out with my sweets.  

That out of the way, if they moved to a different location and/or changed their reservation policies, I would happily return here for the food.  We had a bacon and brie pizza that was ZOMG amazing, followed by the famous and equally delicious burger with egg (served open face).  We also had a trio of crostini with a collection of delightful spreads.  And I also credit the wait staff for being very apologetic for the wait and even graciously comping our wine.  But despite the great food and nice servers, ultimately it's just not worth the frustration.
I'm a big fan of all things Tria. Tria Wine Bar is no exception - I've been stopping by ever since its doors opened as Biba. It's sort of like the smaller sister to the other Trias in Center City, but thankfully for those who work and school in University City, there's something closer to hit up for happy hour. The wine list always has great options to choose from. They also tend to offer a fair amount of specials at this location. The food is also pretty good too - typical Tria fare. I am a fan of the charcuterie plate, and I would try the chocolates at least once. They are delicious but not inexpensive for what you get. Perhaps my favorite thing about this Tria is the wooden deck they have outside. It's fairly small but when you can get a seat outside in the spring or summer, it can be quite the complement to your wine and/or cheese.
Love this place! Very good food at reasonable price.
This is a great location for lunch.  Could also be great for dinner and breakfast and brunch, but I tend to go there for lunch.  I went there for dinner once but don't recall what I ordered.  I recall having been favorably impressed with my dinner experience.  However, since I only recall details about lunch, I'll start there.

The wait staff is excellent.  And their general hospitality is excellent.  We called at 2:45 to see if they were still serving lunch. They said the kitchen closes at 3 for lunch service but that if we got there pronto, they'd keep the kitchen open for us.  And that they did. We arrived a hair before 3 and they seated us no problem.  Some places give attitude when you walk in just as the kitchen is closing.  Not here.  They were very gracious.  

The food is quite good. The wine list is exceptional.  If I could give them 4.5 stars, I would.  I really like the ambiance, too.  We typically go there when we want a good lunch but we also need time and space to  discuss things.  You can have involved conversations there without feeling like the table next to you can hear what's going on.  Even though the space is open, you have privacy because the table layout and spacing.

Twice I've ordered the BBQ rib sandwich and substituted fries for the apple salad.  Twice I've been quite pleased with both.  I've also tried the burger, which is also good.  For dessert try the assorted cookie plate.  You'll have plenty and end up taking some home for later.
I was impressed with the quality and value of their Happy Hour menu. All dishes were from $5-$7. I consider it a bargain to find food this good in such an elegant, bustling atmosphere. The garlic fries and mac and cheese were a particularly big hit at our table. Pizzas were excellent. Great watermelon margarita. I hope to be back often!
great sauv blanc.  i was so-so on the other whites i tried.  LOVED that truffled egg thing - almost ordered seconds.  good cheeses, attentive service.  tiny place - arrive early and hunker down.
Went for dinner on Monday with my wife and one of her friends.  This was my 2nd time, my wife's 3rd or 4th time there.  In the past, everything has always been good.

I had the antipasti appetizer and the balsamico pasta.  Both tasted fine, but right near the end of dinner, I started to feel off.  Ended up in the restroom giving back everything I ate.  Although unfortunate, I realize it happens.  Also felt much better by Tuesday morning, so very likely something I ate was bad.  

I would never have posted this except for how the restaurant handled it.  I called on Tuesday to let them know what happened, and so that they could look into the ingredients of what I ate, to make sure they weren't putting more bad food out.

Whoever answered the phone was fine, took my information and said a manager would be notified and would call me back.  That never happened.  I wasn't looking for any freebies, but a call back to apologize would have been the right thing to do.  Teresa's will not be getting my money again.
I really want to give Toast! better review especially since I absolutely love the wine pricing options (tasting glass) and food quality here. However, when I come to a wine bar with a wine selection appropriate enough to be called as such, I expect variety/quality of cheeses to match. The cheese plate on the menu was not only a dissapointment but a complete snafu since I got there - neither the waiter nor the matreD knew the cheeses! Does this mean cheese is not important in a wine bar? (big fail) 

Local sourcing at Toast! is definitely a concept I enjoy. The food is really gourmet, made with organic and local ingredients - a treat indeed! I had rabbit with rotini, and very much enjoyed the fresh pasta...Chicken was not bad either...free range and fresh, but polenta was only ok....Wine and drinks though really take the cake - 20, 30, and 40 year Tawny - oh yeah...french press coffee, too. Yet, the service was very slow, and deserts, not very creative. I wasn't impressed with the bread pudding at all. The waiter came back twice to ask us what our order was - um, get a pad and write it down if you have short memory problems.

Maybe I am spoiled by the wine/tapas bars in the NYC, with their fast service and fantastic small plate and cheese choices; but cheese and wine go together like bread and butter -  a thought out cheese selection is important.  Also, with the menu focusing on local sourcing, finding Toast! did not include any local cheeses (I know they are out there)  is quite surprising, too.

4 stars for the restaurant...2 for wine bar (This place is trying to be a wine bar right?)
Delicious small plates in an intimate setting. I liked everything we ordered, including the burger, which was highly recommended by a friend.
3.5 stars.
I've been going to Napa Valley Grille for years now, but something has happened to their service in the past year...... it is just getting worse and worse.  If you don't have at least two hours for lunch, you shouldn't go there.  Yesterday, for a party of five, it took us one hour and ten minutes to get our soup/salad course.  The waitress was oblivious to our distress, and we asked several times what the delay was.  When the soup was delivered, we didn't have spoons, and the servers disappeared before we could even ask.   I had to go get spoons myself from a nearby set table.  

Our main courses arrived one and a half hours after we arrived at the restaurant for our reservation.  And one of the five meals was the wrong order and had to be sent back.  By this time our group was so livid, that we just asked for the food to be packed to go, since we were late in getting back to work.  

The manager was kind enough to comp our meal, but it doesn't make up for the stressful lunch and the fact that we never even had time to eat our meal when it arrived.    This is now the fourth time I have had a horrible service experience at Napa Valley Grille.  Everyone is friendly and nice, but they can't seem to get their act together, and unfortunately, it is getting worse.  

For one of the more expensive restaurants in Westwood, this is totally unacceptable service.  I will be switching to Palomino I think from now on, since we don't have a lot of choices for upscale dining here.
I got the penne pecorino. I was not disappointed at all! The scallops were cooked almost perfectly, shrimp was not overcooked, but I've tasted better, and the pasta was GOOD. The dish was delicious! I recommend it! I finished it so quickly. I was trying to savor it, but I was SO hungry. My friend and I agreed that we appreciated the flavor without the heaviness. 

If you would like to see the environment and food for yourself, watch my video! http://youtu.be/v-KqaWfzfHo
Just visited this quaint place on a Wednesday night with my girlfriend, and we really enjoyed it.

Atmosphere: 6 stars!
   *small, but not cramped
   *no loud music blaring on sound system, but rather very appropriate tunes at a reasonable volume
   *dimly lit, for a chill/relaxed feel

Service: 4.5 stars (gave us salad last, forgot we ordered it, not a biggie, but at least .5 stars off for that...) 
   *otherwise, very helpful with decisions and recommendations; very friendly and attentive as well

Food: 4.5 (we tried six things total, see below, and that was plenty for two people!)
   *burger (amazing)
   *two specials: salad and eggplant (highly recommend trying their specials! both were possibly the best of the night)
   *crostini's, all of which were great (I even ate one of them the next day, cold, and it was still delicious!)
   *roasted garlic pizza (nicely baked, cheese browned on top, a good balance of crispy crunch with soft center)
   *scallops (our least favorite of the six--just not flavorful outside of the uber buttery sauce it was soaking in!)

Access: 5 stars
   *located in an 'interesting' part of LA. but parking was easy on the street (being a Wednesday night probably helped a lot)

Therefore, overall a 4 star rating, as I don't want to easily give out 5's... ha!
Such a nice restaurant, but look to spend $50 - $60 a person if you're going for a three course meal and wine.

Wild Catalina Swordfish: GIANT plate, small meager portions but soooo delicious with a side of Roasted Fingerling Potatoes: yummy.

Appetizers: Nicasio Valley "Nicasio Square" organic cow & Cypress Grove "Truffle Tremor" goat or just cheese plates with crackers.

Dessert: Creme Burlee, & Peanut Butter Brownie Sandwich

I left hungry =(
As one of the 2 places open on New Year's Day, we took our in-laws here for an incredible meal last night (no wait!).

The parents enjoyed a California Chardonnay, Jim and I had mezzos of the Hopewell red (I was surprised at how good it was) and a Chianti (reminded me of hard wine candies I had had in Germany, though not as sweet, of course).

For starters, we tried their vegetable pizza and charcuterie plate (prosciutto, jamon, mortadella, olives, mozzerella balls, provolone, and one other cheese I couldn't name plus crostini)--both excellent.

Jim and I split the salmon atop white beans, with the parents getting the Happy Chicken (locally and humanely bred) entree with mashed potatoes and the clam linguini--extra crushed peppers.

Our server was efficient and friendly.  

While I'm glad that many of the restaurants serve locally sourced foods (including bread from Witherspoon Bakery), this is the best one we've found.  It's never fussy, allergies will be accounted for, and the food is wonderful.

Dinner for 4 before tip: $141
Flemings has always been a reliable, great restaurant!  We went on a sunday and had the prime rib which was perfectly done.  The sides that come with the prime rib package are out of this world and the salads are big enough for two hungry people or three not so hungry people!  Try the Flemings salad with lemon balsamic dressing and dried cranberries!  We used to go to Blue Coral for the Seabass but they recently closed... The chef from Blue Coral is now at Flemings and he seems to be running some of the old Blue Coral menu items!  Service is always impeccable!!  (thanks Elizabeth!)  Excellent choice if you are in the area!!
We had a good time last night. I'd really like to commend the staff. They were very pleasant, which seems to be more and more rare. When u walk in, instead of chatting with each other or ignoring u, they greet u and are helpful. The waiter was super nice. These guys are talented too in carrying many dishes elaborately. And they appreciate u appreciating them! The seafood platter was awesome. Enjoyed the tropical martini as well. Wasn't crazy about the risotto, but I can let that slide with the otherwise great service and meal.
It has to be said. I was sent an apology letter based on my last review. THE VERY NEXT DAY! Now that's costumer service. I really appreciate such kind attention.
A small basement bar with an old feel.  One of the few places with an outside terrace, this bar is an excellent summer destination (when students are fewer) and also a good place to watch the Head of the Charles crowd go by.  

For a place that calls itself part "wine bar," I'm not altogether impressed with the wine list, but the drink menu as a whole is pretty good.  The music varies drastically depending on who's on staff, and can be way too loud (especially in the corner under the speakers).  Passable pub grub is offered.

Shay's has a lot of personality and an interesting crowd, it's a nice place to meet a friend for a quiet drink and an excellent pub crawl stop.  Too small to spend the whole evening here and often too crowded to even get through the door.
What a great surprise!  Really interesting food.  Terrific service.  I entertain for business regularly so it takes a lot to capture my attention.  I though Bacaro was great!
My favorite restaurant in Princeton!

Their calamari is fantastic. It's a really interesting mix of squid, golden raisins, pine nuts, hearts of celery, peperoncino and plum tomatoes. I was expecting it to be fried (I obviously did not take the time to read its menu description more carefully), but I was still pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was.

I had the Conchiglie Balsalmico pasta as my entre, which was just as amazing. There's something about the combination of balsamic and cream that just makes your mouth water.
I don't think it gets any better than this place. In town celebrating a couple of birthdays, we started our night at Toast and quickly found out why everyone we talked to described the place as fabulous. While I can't say we had the most enthusiastic bar service while we waited for our table (the bartender didn't seem to like that we asked him to take our picture so perhaps it was our fault since he was so busy), things quickly took a turn for the best when we settled into our cozy booth and were given a tour of the menu by our knowledgeable and attentive server. Between the 3 of us we sampled the Ahi Tuna (uh-maze-ing), the filet, the arctic char, and the flounder. The wine list was well-rounded, uninhibited, sophisticated, and provided very reasonably priced and tasty selections. After our meal our server offered to call us a cab so we could continue our celebrating, but soon brought the sad news that it would take hours for one to get to us (thanks to a Mr. Bon Jovi and his concert). His alternative suggestion? The owner of the bar would drop us off on Ellsworth since he was going to go past it anyway. Really? When does that type of thing happen? I wish I could give this place 10 stars, but I'll have to settle with 5. Keep this place in mind when an occasion pops up and a great restaurant is needed. You'll want to be here for it.
A friend of mine had a groupon so he convinced me to try this place.  We were quoted a 15 minute wait and it was 90 minutes before we were seated (with only ONE couple ahead of us).  During that time I got a couple glasses of wine to drink because, apparently, Monday is cheap-wine day.  (I imagine this also factored into the wait time because there were several tables not eating a damn thing and just nursing their $3 wine... more than one such table persisted when we left around the 2 hour mark since we had walked in.)

The food was, overall, very nice -- but small and pricey.  We dropped $80 for two people (including two glasses of wine) but we were curtly informed by the waiter that the Monday wine deal would not apply with the use of the groupon, and we'd have to pay full price.  This left a bad taste because we had waited a full hour standing around the bar with little else to do.

With good service I'd have given 4 stars.  Killing one for the horrible wait time and another for the poor customer service dinging us on the wine after dealing with such a mis-quoted wait time.  Another issue is the price: while the food was good and I understand the concept of tapas, we were still hungry when we left.  Unimpressive value; not likely to return.
i ordered  the main filet mignon med -well and it came out looking like charcoal... bleu cheese mashed potatoes were amazing though therefor i gave em a 2 :)
Let me start off by saying the staff is A++. I couldn't have found better service anywhere. I'm not just talking about the servers bringing you refills or being johnny on the spot with the service (which was outstanding). I'm talking about the staff going above and beyond. 
My wife and I were celebrating our ten year wedding anniversary and when they found out, they were amazing. They gave us a box of chocolate truffles, took our photo; framed it and spent time with us. I highly recommend Flemings for the romantic environment and the food was pretty good. I had the 5oz filet medium and it tasted fine and it was tender, but the flavor was not the best I've had, and for the money I'd expect it be the tastiest piece of beef ever. The shrimp bisque was amazing though.
So, I guess what I'm getting at is, the food is good, but I've had better. The service was amazing and I've never had better.
While I admit that the food here is fairly good, I have always had a frustrating dining experience.  It largely stems from the wait time being abysmal, pretty much any day of the week, and their hostesses' ability to predict your wait time is comparably bad.  On several occasions, we've waited and waited and given up and gone elsewhere.  You spend more time waiting than eating, and by the time you get a table, your hunger far outweighs the modest portions that you receive.  Because the place is always jam-packed and noisy, you always feel harried while you have your meal, and I generally dislike restaurants where you have to raise your voice to be heard above the din.

All that said, the food, again, is good; the ingredients are quality and stand on their own.  The calamari antipasti is good, and once we had a memorable scallop appetizer too... I think it was the special that day.  The pizzas are well done for the price, though better pizzas can be found elsewhere, e.g. Nomad.  I would recommend their pasta dishes if the price doesn't bother you.
Worst service ever - the only person who was nice was the bartender kandiss. The other servers didn't even acknowledge that we were waiting for a table - kandiss was the only one that said "sorry for the wait your table is almost ready" I understand we had to wait but at least acknowledge that you have customers waiting. We waited for almost an hour and even once we were seated our server didn't even come take our order - we had to flag him down to get service. Never coming here again. There are other better wine bars/tapas joints in la.
$9.50 for a side of fries which were tasteless and soggy...they replaced them and then they were tasteless and crisp......McDonald's are MUCH better.  Steak was fine...I ordered a $15 glass of wine recommended by the waitress and it was not good.  She was very nice and tasted it at my request and brought me another 2 wines to taste and choose from...but the point is she recognized immediately that the wine she brought was not what she was recommending...I am usually timid about returning wine so normally I would have accepted it and been resentful...at least I got a good glass of wine...but for $15 they should date the bottle so this does not happen.  House cheese potatoes were the best thing we had.  Would not go back.
GlassHalFull didn't impress me nearly as much as I'd hoped it would. The signage and overall design of the place is lovely and inviting, but the actual layout is terrible. The tables are all squished together and when it's busy it's impossible to relax and chat without catching frequent snippets of everyone else's conversations. 

While I'm used to ordering a few $4-6 dishes for a tapas dinner, their portions are far smaller than similar places. And those $10-14 small plates? About the same size as the $4 ones, just with higher-end ingredients. I'm no foodie, so it doesn't make sense for me to pay that much money if I can't taste the difference. I'm also no sommelier, but I was surprised that the wine list wasn't longer. 

Our server seemed pretty disinterested, but the food did come out relatively fast. I think if GlassHalFull outlasts its status as one of Carrboro's trendy restaurants and actually has to start working to attract customers, it could be a really great place.
Honestly this place served me the BEST steak I have ever eaten in my life!   (so far).  I went here a few months ago for Valentine's Day weekend with my special someone to celebrate.  We chose Flemmings because their Valentine's dinner special sounded delicious.

Upon entering the restaurant, we were welcomed by the front desk and the warm-dark ambiance, as well as the smell of food sizzling in the kitchen.  We were promptly seated and given some bread with tomato tapenade and garlic butter as an appetizer.  Just eating the appetizer made me happy.  I knew from this point on the food would only get better.  First came a fresh Caesar salad with rosemary seasoned croutons.  I ordered the fillet mignon with grilled shrimp and a side of garlic mashed potatoes.  The fillet mignon was cooked to perfection and literally melted in my mouth; one of the most tender pieces of steak I've ever eaten.  The fillet paired very well with a glass of red wine.  The grilled shrimp was also superb; it was topped off with some herbs and stuffing.  I savored my food one bite at a time, each one filled with flavor.  Dessert came last, a rich chocolate molten lava cake with some vanilla bean ice cream in a cookie boat on the side.  Biting into this sent my taste buds soaring into bliss.  Yes, it was that GOOD!

Throughout the night the service was great and very friendly.  Our waitress even gave suggestions of which wine to pair with our food.  Flemmings is pricey but that's because they have very high quality products and you pay for the dining experience too.  The high quality ingredients and customer service earns 5 stars from me.  I wouldn't suggest going here all the time but every now and then if you feel like splurging on a special dinner.
A little hole in the wall... some may call it a dive... I call it a hidden gem! 
This is my go-to place in Harvard Sq. It's chill, has a small outdoor patio, and their burgers are good, and cheap... with very tasty hand cut fries. 
Service is usually on the slow side but that's never bothered me... it's all worth the wait.
Add 1 awesome happy hour menu with a super nice waiter with an Aussie accent, a swanky/clean/ spacious enclosed patio, and a celeb sighting (Ray Liotta!)  - you've got yourself a great time at NVG!! 

This place is fancy enough that I felt a little out a place coming here right from campus, but the service was excellent and the waiter was so friendly and accommodating. Flat screen TVs and a wine bar outside for those who can't miss the game. 

Happy Hr Food ($5-$7!) : 
- harvest veggie platter: pickled veggies and pink cauliflower - this one was a crowd *disappointer* not pleaser. Did not order 2nd rounds of this.

- pizza/ flatbreads: the one with the spinach and mushroom is DELICIOUS, we got 3 rounds of these for our group. 

- mac and cheese: a great deal, good portion of cheesy goodness. 

- garlic fries: the crowd pleaser!! Very crispy and not too garlicky. We got 3 baskets of these!! 

Our student group was looking for a good, non-divey place to have a chill celebration and NVG was a good pick! 

Amazingly, our waiter happily split our check for each and every one of us!! THAT deserves an extra star!
Cute little place right off the Princeton University campus. I was here one weekend with some colleagues. Bread and olive oil were delicious, as was the chicken salad pizza. We arrived around 11:30 on a Saturday and were able to get seats with no problem, but it sure filled up. Lots of families when we were there, but probably the place probably gets lots of college students at night, when reservations are highly recommended.
I LOVE Bacaro LA! I've been a huge fan for over a year now and I've introduced both friends and family to this place. When I brought my grandma, Lior, the owner/head chef personally came out to introduce himself and ensure we enjoyed our meal. That was awesome and really left a great impression on us. 

Tonight, I finally made it to their monthly Beefsteak Sunday. Everything was SO good!! It was my first time eating hangar steak and I mean I want more hours later. The flavors were so amazing. 
My only complaint is that tonight, our 2nd and 3rd servings of the steak were COLD. That was weird considering that every other time I come the food is piping hot. Too hot to eat initially. But it was so good that I kinda ignored that and destroyed that meal. AYCE and drink for $30 a person, I'm so down. The cold meat I'm guessing was a fluke, so I'm definitely making reservations next month. I wish I could give 4.5 stars cuz they only lost 1/2 a star because of the occasional waits and tonight's cold steak, I gave 5 because they deserve more than 4. 

I'd totally recommend this place. The scallops are heaven. The burgers is among my favorite burgers ever (with the egg on top). The lamb stuffed eggplant is amazing. And honestly, the cauliflower is the BEST cauliflower I've ever had (and I don't like cauliflower). I can go on and on like a little cheerleader. :D

Oh just FYI: it's pronounced BAH-kah-row.
My extended family visits Princeton once a year and a huge family dinner at Teresa's is always a must!

Fantastic food, decent prices, great wines and a cozy setup.

Their conchiglie balsamico is my absolute favorite dish - pasta with chicken and asparagus in a creamy balsamic sauce. Another standout is the gramigna (pasta with lamb). For dessert, order the nutella pizza with strawberries, I'm drooling thinking about it right now. Their entree pizzas are also great for sharing as an appetizer!
As much as everyone raves about Fleming's, the bf and I didn't enjoy it that much after our visit last Friday. We started off the night with a couple of martinis and calamari at their happy hour since we had some time to kill. We really liked the calamari and the sweet chili sauce that it was sauted in. 

Then we went into the dining area for our dinner reservation. We were seated promptly and our server was really nice. I ordered the memorable meal consisting of a tomato and mozzarella starter, 3 filets prepared in 3 ways, a side of sauted broccoli and a trio of crme brule. The bf had the pre-fixe menu with a spinach salad, scallop and orzo, a side of sauted green beans and banana crme brule. 

We really enjoyed the salad and fresh mozzarella as our starters but after that, the meal went down hill. The filet had an odd flavor to them with a slight tang and the meat wasn't seasoned at all. We were also not impressed by the scallop entree. It lacked flavor and creativity. On a better note, the side dishes were cooked perfectly and flavored well.

On to the dessert, the sugar on the crme brule was not completely caramelized which left tons of loose sugar in certain areas to the point of where we couldn't even eat it. 

Overall, service was good but the meal was less than stellar. We came in with high hopes but left disappointed. 

P.S. The valet guy forgot to get our car after we waited for 15 mins and had to tell them. The whole point of getting valet is so you don't have to wait but that was Ace parking's fault.
You know, I was always suspicious of this place.  Maybe it was the name or the fact it's often overcrowded...I don't know.  But when a friend recently suggested it on a sunny Friday afternoon, I gave it a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised!  They have an outstanding happy hour, with half off glasses of wine and cheap appetizers.  Further, the appetizer I had (some pizza thing) was fantastic.  It's only my first trip, so I don't have a lot to go on, but I will definitely be back to sit outside and sip on some wine!
Cute little spot.  Easy, casual, and good tapas style food.

Beefsteak Sundays - disappointing.
Went on Sunday to check out their all-you-can-eat-and-drink and was bummed at the lack of options.  All you can eat consisted of small pieces of steak on baguettes and potato wedges.  That's it.  Plates and plates and plates of it - but no variety, which was a disappointment given that they do have a decent menu.  And only one wine choice - a red syrah at every table which was fine.  But no white wine, unless you order it separately.  So it's all you can eat of one dish.  And all you can drink of one selection of wine.  

Also, some of the servers are a bit clueless.  Felt like we had frat boys that were in between jobs waiting on us.

Nonetheless, I like this place.  I'd go back.  But I'd skip the beefsteak Sunday unless I'm ready to overload on red meat and bread.
Very nice place. The Pan Roasted Pork Chop was excellent. This is the first place i've been to in a long time to properly cook pork chops. Most places overlook the meat. This was served medium rare. It was moist and delicious. I also recommend the meat and cheese plate. Nice selection of Italian wines. The staff was attentive and nice, excellent service.
Went here with a coupon, but I'll go back without a doubt! The service was good, it was full by 6pm on a Sunday and now I know why. We had 5 of the small plates plus a dessert between two and it was perfect. If the scallops with corn are on the menu try them, easily the best thing I've eaten in recent memory. Great food in an unlikely spot. Can't wait to go back.
Tucked away unassumingly across from glendon gardens, this california-italian restaurant never fails for a decent meal with some nice touches.  Very reasonable prices considering the menu.  I highly recommend the duck
Friendly, welcoming, comfortable - a great feeling to this place - no pretention here!  The personal approach that Santos Uy brings will surely make this a hit!
I went to lunch with a good portion of my family was in the south. My Uncle loved his lunch, which sadly I've forgotten what it was. I remember it had shrimp.

I had a chicken breast thing with lentils. Good stuff.

The chocolate cake was a little dry and the water kind of had a dirt after taste.
The happy hour selections were great.  "5 for 6 'til 7" happy hour!

 My coworker and I got POMTINI, SEARED AHI TUNA, and SWEET CHILE CALAMARI.  Food and drinks are both great.
Just fantastic. Perfect place to have dinner with friends, especially if they like experimenting with new tastes. Good wine and beer selection, and very well presented food. Took a group here before the LA Phil's Mahler 8th at the Shrine, and it was the perfect start to an amazing evening.

Not to repeat everyone else, but try the seared scallops. And the mac & cheese.
i SERIOUSLY don't get it!!! 

did i MISS something here? am i THAT difficult to please? 

bacaro has a few things to rave about, but the most important aspect, food, is not one of them. the concept is super cool. cozy, casual, bare-bone wine bar serving familiar tapas menu near usc...quite appealing to hipsters and young intellectuals (although i would never equate trojans to intellectuals :)). 

we came on a saturday evening, just before the weekend crowd started forming a long line. i got a glass of white wine, recommended by one of the owners, and the hubby went with sirah (wines by glass on their chalkboard menu is not as extensive as by bottle on the regular menu). we started with tomato/basil and roasted garlic/balsamic/basil pesto bruschette. they were not bad, but nothing special, except the garlic pieces were whole cloves. 

our next dish was pan-seared scallops on top of parsnip puree. there was nothing overly exciting about this, especially given the portion (three tiny scallops) and $1 extra charge. 

next came the highly anticipated open-faced burger with fried egg on top. this was the main reason we wanted to dine at bacaro, and it totally did not live up to the hype. where's the novelty with this burger? the over easy fried egg? the open-faced part? MEH. the bun was completely soggy and the patty lacked beefy flavor. on top of that, i just could not buy into a burger that needed a steak knife to cut through. 

we ended our meal with a nutella panino with strawberry slices. i love nutella, i love bread, and i love strawberries, but i hated this thing. it felt like a pb & jelly sandwich made by your evil stepmother. 

our dinner bill came out to be just a couple bucks over $40, excluding tax and tip, but i don't think it was inexpensive considering the portion and ingredient used. i can't imagine sharing each dish with more than 2 persons, and more importantly, nothing made me feel wanting more.
Ate here for brunch and everything our table ordered was delicious.
Absolutely grand!  Not secluded from the outside, but is when you get inside. Don't let the shopping center address fool you. This is UPSCALE steakhouse, of the finest variety. Delicious filet and lobster tail. Grilled asparagus was great. a MUST do, in fact, I went twice within a couple weeks.
The food was amazing, and Garry our server was by far the best we have ever had, anywhere.  I really can say anything bad about them, it was pricey but we knew that going in and i really felt you got what you paid for.
A friend and I stopped in here last night on a whim and loved it.  Didn't know it was a tapas restaurant until we sat down, but the ambiance was lovely & the food on our neighbors' tables looked so good that we decided to stay.  

We ordered the tamarind margarita (yum!), sangria, frito misto (fried seafood and vegetable yummies with a delicious sauce), and the white lasagna.  Everything was SO tasty!  My friend and I almost licked our plates hehe.  The only complaint I have is that the prices are a little steep, especially for tapas  - our whole bill came to ~$50.  But I will say that it was totally an AMAZING dining experience.  Our server was awesome and I have no regrets.  I would just love to see prices a little lower for the tapas offerings.
There's something weird going on down at Teresa's and I'm not sure what it is.

I used to always love getting their Penne Pecorino. I hated their Margherita pizza because it was bland. I went back in the beginning of August with a friend and ordered a penne pecorino (again) and it was so over salted and not cooked right. I remember it being my favorite seafood pasta dish and they literally bastardized it. Fine. I came back again the next day with some family and we got this chicken dish that was amazing, and I decided to order linguine with clams and it was, again, over salted and way too buttery. I went back to Teresa's again a few days ago and I ordered a new pizza, with smoked salmon, some cream, pesto, and goat cheese, because I was sick of their pasta dishes and it ended up being over salted and awkwardly disgusting to eat. My friend got the margherita pizza and I tried it and it was SO GOOD and SO much better than I remember getting it before. My other friend got the same chicken dish that was great just a week earlier, except this time it had way too much salt and pepper and the chicken was dry. I'm not exactly sure why our meals there (as well as service... which is really hit or miss at Teresa's) are always inconsistently good or bad. Needless to say, there's always some sort of disappointment every time we go to Teresa's. All the restaurant really is is just a joint that cooks pasta with local ingredients and then sells a plate of this jawn for twenty bucks a pop. With a glass of wine, of course.
I'm not in Harvard Sq. that much (really an other side of the river kinda gal) and I have my lil places I like to go every time, and Shay's is def. one of em. I love the small patio outfront so I can indulge in my vice of smoking and gossiping with other friends who smoke. I never get a pretentious vibe here-everyone here is laidback and just wants to have fun with their friends. The waitresses are super nice and the bartenders...well I don't remember them, but I guess it means they know how to pour a beer and mix a drink! Its just a super comfortable place to be outside and so many of my diverse friends like it here. Must be the cellar like ambiance...?
Love their happy hour that the offer.  Also if you go there on Mondays wine is 50% off all night.  Although the place is a bit small it's very cozy and it works.  I love the variety of the menu and loved pretty much everything I ordered, especially the Mac & cheese with truffle oil & their Brie pizza with bacon and jalapeo.  Definitely going back soon.  The only complaint is the parking.  Or lack there of.  Not in the best location and it's hard to find parking close by.
Ambiance is nice...good music, minimal and rustic decor, dark but not too dark lighting.

I can't swear by all the food, but the roasted garlic, balsamic, pesto bruscetta was absolutely amazing.  This is a must try.

Also had a Gruyere and ham panini...eh...too salty.  Just ok.

I'm glad to discover they serve beer, though I think they could beef up their craft beer sampling.  Wines are good, but pricey by the glass.
Always come during happy hour. ALWAYS. A bit cramped but very cozy. Love this spot and come here at least once a week. I would say its one of my favorite restaurant s in LA.
I generally stick to the white or brie-jalapeno pizza, bacaro burger and paninis (though the paninis are somewhat salty). The only thing I really dont care for are the desserts. They just are not impressive.
I'm quite surprised to see so many poor reviews, but I can't speak to the other things on the menu that weren't ordered by my girlfriend and I. We showed up on a whim and there was a 45 minute wait for a table so we just went to the bar and one of the booths opened up. I guess I would recommend sitting here because our waiter was anything but pushy, and she gave us space. 

The wine list is slightly above average and there are some decent deals there. I met the manager/wine steward and he was very nice and really friendly. We ended up chatting and sharing some tastes of wine though out the night. 

As for the food, my girlfriend ordered the Caprese salad and it was very tasty. The motzerella was very fresh and they used tasty Cherry Tomatoes. Next she had the Crabcakes and they were pretty good. I don't remember them that much though. I ordered the bone in Filet and it was outstanding. I think the first thing people don't understand about the Filet (and most of the negative reviews here circulate around Filet cuts) is that it's not a fatty piece of meat, so it's going to be a bit "dry" if you compare it to a ribeye. They have complementary sauces, but I had to ask for them, they weren't offered. The bernaise and peppercorn sauces were wonderful. 

Desert was a great Peach Cobbler and it was a pretty good meal. It was pricey, but it was fun.
Best filet of my life. Great atmosphere, I'd take guest here or for special occasions !
Been back over 15 times. Still love it. Great food and service........Went with mom got 2 diet cokes.....she does not use her lemon....I love lemon so I ayways take hers.....my next refill had 2 new lemons.....thats service. 

Salad pizza
Vongole
Best on the planet.....nuff said
I attended a work sponsored dinner here this week.  We were in one of the rooms off the main dining area and had a great time.  The food was awesome.  Appetizers, good wine, bread to start...  Everything was very yummy (although the chicken was a little dry and hard to manage) - but all in all I give this place a solid four stars.  The atmosphere and decor was very nice.
Another one of those places that my friends rave about, and I can't understand why. The only occasions I visit this place is with groups of friends who request it. Of my own volition I would never visit. 

There always seems to be a line for seats, and they don't take reservations and won't seat you unless your party is in full attendance. Service is so slow! Sometimes we end up finishing two bread baskets because of hunger and having to wait so long for food. It's also hard to wave waiters down because they seem so busy all the time. 

In terms of food, 8 out of 10 times, my pasta has been served stale with the pasta sauce starting to dry on the pasta. 

In another incident, my friend ordered salad to go, with a surprise dead beetle waiting inside the box. Do they not wash their salad? I have not ordered their salad since. 

If it weren't for the saving grace of their bread and calamari I'd give them 2 starts for not trying hard enough.
Average beyond belief.

The service was great. No complaints there.

The menu looked very interesting and I was excited to order.

I settled on the Atlantic Salmon. It was good, but it was more expensive than it should have been.

That seemed to be the theme of many of the items that were at my table.

Maybe I'll come back in the future for their happy hour.
had memorable dinner which was m ultiple courses for $49. I had Duckhorn cabernet which was special with my proteins. I sawped bisque for a salad and got rid of mash and replaced with spinach came home with leftover feeliong good with flavors in my mouth. Wife did scampi over squasg linguine and glass of Kim Crawford . Michael served us well
My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here the night before our wedding and it was fantastic! We selected several appetizers that they setup in the wine cellar, the guests loved the food and the atmosphere
A friend and I had dinner at Eno last nght, my first time there, and we really enjoyed it.

The staff are clearly knowledgeable about their wines, and were forthcoming were suggestions.   our server was also great about pausing to let us catch up first before we'd even looked at the menu, while remaining attentive.   We got a few Eli sightings, too.  :-)  

Appetizers we had were the foie gras with corn cakes, corn sorbet, and a blueberry puree and the barley risotto with fried fennel.   The foie gras itself was traditional and good, but the interesting combination with the accoutrements made it very memorable.    The barley risotto was similar in our assessment - the combinations were interesting and tasty!

The pork chop main course was absolutely outstanding on the pork chop and seasoning itself!   I wasn't fond of the tomato-based sauce served on the side - it detracted from the dish.  The lentils etc accompanying the dish were good but not memorable.  But the pork... excellent!!   I can't remember when I've last had a pork chop without a sauce that I enjoyed so much - just perfectly executed.

We were essentially kicked out at 10:30pm (granted, it was a Tuesday night...), but other than that and the mediocre tomato sauce aside the pork, it really was an excellent dining experience!
This place is hands down the best restaurant I've ever been to.
Being a restaurant employee myself, I always pay close attention to the quality of other restaurants whenever I go out. Fleming's definitely did not disappoint. The hostesses were very cordial and welcoming, and our server was extremely attentive the whole night. He was also of course very knowledgeable about the menu. Even the bussers impressed me. They constantly refilled our water glasses and promptly brought us bread (which is served with two exquisite spreads). 
We had the Crab Louis Wraps as our appetizer. Crab, avocado, thousand island, and bacon were wrapped inside butter lettuce (yum!!) I ordered the Salmon Nicoise Salad for my entree: Lettuce with broiled salmon, peppers, green beans, roasted potatoes, and some other ingredients I can't remember were in the salad. Five stars! The bussers were so on top of it that when a pepper accidentally fell off my plate, it wasn't on the ground more than 2 seconds. A busser walking by said warmly, "I got it, no problem". Just when I thought the experience couldn't get better, the manager dropped by our table to ensure we were satisfied. I've never been more impressed with a restaurant. I recommend Fleming's to anyone looking for a nice night out and is willing to pay for extraordinary quality!
This is like fifth or sixth times I dine in this Flemings.  I went there again last night for restaurant week and I don't think they are ready for restaurant week  as the service is slow and my steak was overcooked at first and when I complain, it became under-cook.

The highlight is that they are sorry that they cook the steak wrong so my steak is free and the chocolate lava cake is fantastic as usual.
Kobe Corn Dogs are great.
Bacaro has out-done themselves again with amazing customer service, beyond-excellent food/wine pairing.
Thank y'all for taking such great care of all of us during the yelp event last night.
I am SO IN LOVE with those little BURGES and the BEEF CHEEKS!
AMAZING food last night!
WOW!
Love this place more and more over the last year or two. I don't cook so I eat out for almost all meals and since I live in Beverly Hills, I frequent the Bev Hills/Westwood areas.

This place dropped off my radar years back because the food seemed mundane and the place lacked luster. Not true anymore !

I LOVE this place. Great place not only to take a significant "other" to, but I also go alone or with freinds for cocktails...they even get a great bar crowd for sports events (Go Lakers).

The restaurant is comfortable and I love the different elevations and viiews for people watching. Even though the bar needs an overhaul of hardware, it's the most fun place to hang out in the place... TV's... cocktails and they'll serve happy hour food (great app menu.. creative and inexpensive) or full dinner...

That being said, check out the back patio on a nice night or Sunday brunch. Smart move adding couches and heaters out there. The brunch is worth a trip alone... it's tapas style so basically you create your own meal from a great variety of breakfast foods...crab eggs bene... lemon curd french toast... Really good value but even better, you get to eat what you want... almost like your personalized sampler platter ... Well worth going..

I thought I'd miss the (Hamlet) Gardens when it closed (across the street), but I don't. Napa keeps stepping up it's game to dwarf the competition... and don't even think about eating at Palomino .. a drink Maybe but the food isn't in the same league.

If in the Westwood area, Napa is a Must. If not in the area, still worth the trip.
My friend have been telling me about his place and she loves the food here. There was a deal on Living Social and I decided to get it. $20 for $40 worth of food. Not bad at all. 
My friend and I got there about 7ish and it wasn't too crowded yet. About an hour later it got extremely busy. The place is small so I would recommend arriving early. 

Here's what we ordered-
A pitcher of Sangria (very tasty)
roasted garlic, balsamic, basil pesto (MUST GET) & tomato and basil Bruschette (Very good)

"noa's" cauliflower with chipotle aioli and mixed greens (Very good)

bacaro mac and cheese parmesan, cheddar, point reyes blue, mozzarella, with white truffle panko (OMG! I'm not really a big fan of mac & cheese but this was so delicious and will get it again when I go back)

For dessert-
bacaro ice cream vanilla with walnuts & clover honey (Very good)
Homemade Cranberry Bread Pudding Served with vanilla ice cream (Good)
A hidden treasure.  Every time I visit Granada I feel like I am in some city in some other country; its like a warp into another world and a true unique experience every time.  One of my favorite SLO spots to enjoy the people I am with in an intimate setting.  Food is great, ambiance is wonderful, drink selection just right.
It's okayyyyyy. As another yelper had stated earlier "overpriced, underwhelming." The prime that I ordered was chewy and not very flavorful. Compared to steak places I've been to before, this one was subpar. The side dishes were good and the dessert was ooooooookay. Service was lovely, but I'm not here to eat the waiters. =)
Came for happy hour.

I give an additional star for my drink which I will now make at home (gin, champagne, lemon juice).

The food, however, was a disappointing story. Oysters tasted a day too old with a fishy taste. Mac n cheese with short rib was a reminder never to order something that sounds creative at a place that won't deliver.  To make the fire oven pizza palatable I had to add turkey meatballs - but just wished for something that tasted garden fresh as the menu had described. And let's not forget the deviled eggs. Why was there an after taste that was sweet? Still baffled.

This restaurant would NOT fly in the actual Napa Valley - can't believe it survives here.

Go drink. No happy hour food allowed.
Love the outdoor patio with the glass walls to keep out the wind, the inside decor is a bit stuffy for me - this is not really a white table cloth restaurant.
Quinoa salad from the small plates menu is delicious. So is the cucumber margarita. But small plates are... small, I got excited thinking happy hour prices ment same amount of food and smaller price - nope it means smaller of both.
Fleming's is a nice steak alternative when you don't want to spend the money for Ruth's Chris or Morton's.  The steak is still good, but the wait staff is what I really loved.  Everyone was so attentive, from the hostesses to the waitress to the manager who stopped by to check on our meal.  The hostess even brought me a black napkin without asking (since I was wearing black pants.)  I also like the free nibbles; a nice break from bread and butter!
I visited at lunch for a private party.  This place is really nice and the servers did a great job.

Lunch started with a fruit salad.  It was fresh and delicious.  There were apples, pineapples, and strawberries.

Next came the petite filet mignon.  It was cooked medium well just the way I like it.  It was seasoned sparingly with salt and pepper so you really taste the beef.  The beef was really tender and delicious!  There is only one place in town I like the steak's better.  Pamplemousse Grille has awesome steaks equal in quality but they also have this awesome wild mushroom sauce which kicks their steaks over the top.

Last up was the creme bruelee.   It had a delicious vanilla flavor and I liked how the top was caramelized and it had an awesome flavor too.

This is a great place to get aged USDA prime beef.  I like this place about the same as Donovan's, Morton's, and Ruth Chris.
Nice place.  The restaurant was neet and clean.  It had plenty of staff and I like that.  Waiters were pleasant and helpful.  To top it all off, there was the perfect metered parking spot for me literally in front of the restaurant.  I just pulled up and parked.    

 The salad although it looked good had some kind of dressing that was so salty, I couldn't eat any more. Take your dressing on the side if you go there.
My wife and I had the best halibut of the year and the service from everyone especially the manager Fernando was outstanding. We hadn't been there in a few months but as long as they have the Alaskan Halibut we will be back many more times during the summer. If there were six stars available they would earn the rating!
Wonderful meal here...so good we came back for happy hour the next day. Servers and bartenders alike really know their wines, know what they like, and know how to make recommendations in line with your preferences. Food is marvelous: Pumpkin raviolis were to die for! This is my new favorite restaurant in Ann Arbor (Zingermann's is a deli, so not in the same category!)
Haven't been to Biba in a while and snagged a beer class off the fermentation school calendar for a steal! The space here is alot more open and roomy then both big brother locations of Tria. Our class featured local honey,cheeses and brews. Class was engaging , entertaining and yummy . The class ran for about and hour and Biba opened for business early  after it ended encouraging us to stay for another round outside on the deck. I switched gears to wine and opted for a new addition a refreshing white the Pino Toi, my beer buddy stuck to the hops and grabbed up a smelly Belgian beer. We sat out on the deck and enjoyed our bevs while chatting with the fabulous Michelle C and her better half. Perfect afternoon for day boozing , sunny with a nice breeze and entertaining conversation... Biba is the west Philly solution for the person with a sophisticated palate for beer, wine and cheese.
The right price, and they even have a good burrito.  Who knew?  I have been a few times, and each time has been a hoot.  It is not anything to write home about, but it can get three-stars on Yelp.

P.S. The wine is great for the price.  Even the Phantom Gourmet thought so.
I'm really glad I got to try Fleming's finally.  Nestled in the beautiful and luxurious Stanford Mall, this steakhouse has a beautiful decor.  Dark-lit, dark wood, and lots of tables.  It's a bit noisy by the open kitchen, but it's not that bad.  

We did a full three courses.  I had the french onion soup as a starter, and enjoyed the onion taste and the cheese and toast on top.  I'd say it's a little bit too much cheese, and the onion flavor wasn't as strong as I like, but it was good nonetheless.  

Went with the prime bone-in rib-eye medium rare for my entree.  It's served a la carte, and I got the Flemming's potatoes and half and half (onion rings w/ fries) on the side.  Potatoes are very good scalloped potatoes with subtle jalapeno bits in there as well.  Very nice side dish.  As for the steak, I think this is one of the best steakhouses in the Bay Area in terms of quality steak.  They broil them at a very high temp (1200 degrees) and this makes a huge difference.  You get a beautiful crust on the outside of the steak while the inside remains tender and juicy.  They're using a good quality beef here and the flavor really comes out with the broiler, as opposed to a grilled steak where you taste smoke and char and wood notes.  All this being said, someone else has the prime New York, and I have to say hers was way better than the rib-eye.  Both have their greater characteristics (if you're reading this, you likely know the differences, so I won't go into them) but all in all I will just say that I liked the New York more.  

Dessert was delish - go for the creme brulee any day of the week!

Only reason this place is minus a star was because we got kind of bad service.  Granted it was early on a Sunday night, but our server was inattentive and I could tell she wasn't paying much attention to us and she just wanted to turn the table.  Kind of rude when you're paying $200 for 3 people, but it happens.  Either way, food was top notch.  

Bottom line - If you're a steak connoisseur, make sure you hit Fleming's.
Teresa, your brunch is very unfortunate and it made us very sad. Here's why:
Trying to circumvent a classic Hollandaise sauce by smothering mounds of  Gruyere on top of poached eggs, ham and a slice of bread is not a good idea. In fact, layering a solidified block of cheese on top of runny eggs should be a crime. Likewise, baking an egg on top of sauteed sweet potatoes and mushrooms in a  ramekin is also a bad idea. You end up with steamed, soupy flavorless vegetables trapped under an overbaked egg. Try a gratin dish. Lastly, your food should look beautiful. Please give your patrons something appetizing to look at. Your plating made us feel like we were eating at Denny's. 
I need to mop up the tears that have pooled onto my keyboard now.
Finally finding this place after circling the block once with my girlfriend I found parking right in front of the venue. When I walked in, WOW this place is packed on a Thursday night. There was a waiting list but we didn't mind, rarely I ever see a wine bar full of people. Being that this place is close to USC, I guess it bring the college crowd. It's a nice small place, for small groups.
After getting our table, we order 3 dishes. A good deal they have, 3 dishes for $21. These are small dishes, don't expect to have dinner here. And a bottle of Merlot that cost $32. If you're going to DRINK, order a bottle instead by the glass. The glass are small, you'll be getting your money worth by ordering a bottle. We were one of the last group to leave. They employees were nice enough to wait till we finish, they didn't rushed us at all. When we finished, the bill came out to be $49. They only charged us $28 for the wine(NICE!). All and all, we had a great experience there. Definitely on my list for local wine bars.

Pro: Ambience, food, imported beer selection and cool menu chalk board wall.
Con: Street parking(hard to find close parking), USC crowd.
My first time eating here was on Valentines Day with my wife.  I chose three stars, but really I think more along the lines of 3 1/2 - 4.

Atmosphere:
  The bar area looked nice, but I can't really speak to it all that much because we were seated upstairs.  I like the look of the place, it feels like you are sittig in your own living room with the hardwood floors and the fire fire place.  The place throws me off a bit though, though Toast! is nice I would not really consider it a "white table cloth" kind of place and it doesn't really mesh with the the whole place, at least in my opinion, but I guess that is really neither here nor there.  The music playing is not what I expected, as they place a lot more modern music, which again throws me off with the white table cloths, haha.

Drinks:
  They have a nice wine selection, not the best I've seen, but better than most of the restaurants I've been to in the area.  

Food:
  Against my better judgement we started with the crab cake.  I did not like it at all, the crab tasted off, but I guess you'll get that when the crab isn't fresh.
 
  What really matters here is the food and it is pretty darn good.  My wife had the Australian Barramundi with rock shrimp risotto and baby bok choy and the lobster sauce.  Though I didn't try the barramundi my wife thought it was very good and kept raving about the risotto.

 I had the flat iron steak with potatos gratin, hedgehod mushrooms and jus.  The steak was done to a perfect medium rare and was juicy and had greate flavor to it, they got the steak right.  The gratin was okay, nothing special, and the portion was about the size of a couple spoonfuls.  My really only complaint that is if you are going to have three steak options on the menu, why not make one of them more traditional, at least of Valentines Day...  

  For desert we had to order two, because two jumped off the page at us!  We ordered the peanutbutter ice cream sandwich and donut holes.  I won't go to far into these two dishes, but they were damn good!

Overall this is the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh.  Does that mean it will be the best down the road? No and I hope not.  I was a little underwhelmed, but I am not by any means saying I disliked the place, I guess I was expecting too much.  I will most certainly go back at some point.
Hm...wandered in here since it was near our hotel, the Palomar and it wasn't busy at all...but then again, it was a Thursday afternoon.

We were greeted and seated right away.....

I ordered the grilled cheese (c'mon, if you know me and my reviews...cheese is my weakness!) which came with a salad of some sort.  And I also ordered a bowl of the corn chowder.  The soup came first, which was sweet...good but a little too sweet....even for me.  (soup was around $4.50 for a cup).

My entree, the grilled cheese came with some sort of salad and it was not very good....not sure what type of salad it was, but it tasted a bit like sea-weed....and sesame like with the dressing...it was an odd combination with grilled cheese needless to say.  I personally did not care for the salad.  

My hubbie got the tuna melt which was really good, but a bit too fishy for me!  It has big chunks of albacore tuna so you could tell it wasnt the typical 'canned tuna' type....but as I said, too much tuna, too much fish for me.  He loved it though!  Along with his tuna melt came a greek salad or something, which was far better than mine.  

The portions are fairly big...so I didnt finish half my sandwich and most of my salad.  The price for the both of us was ~$40 which was a good deal.  

If you're in the neighborhood and need a decent place to dine, I would recommend it.  Although, since I've tried it....I would opt for another place the next go around.  Cheerz!
My BFF and I were headed to the LA Tennis Open on Saturday (YAY Sam Querry!) and after a few days of eating the WAY overpriced food at the event we decided with so many choices in the area we had to try something different. My friend had seen that Napa Valley has a weekend Happy Hour menu so we decided to try it out. 

The place was full but not packed, so we were able to grab a table in the bar area immediately. We chose the Corn Bisque (soup of the day), Kobe Corn Dogs, Creamy Macaroni & Cheese and Grille Pizzette. All were DELISH!!! The Corn Bisque was a pureed cup of goodness. Sweet, creamy and YUM! I know it's been a bit warm but it was nearing evening and the restaurant was cool, so it wasn't too bad. The Kobe Corn dogs were cute little dogs (5 per serving) atop a skewer served with a slightly spicy and sweet honey mustardish sauce. I only had a bite of the Mac 'n' Cheese (about the size of a large bowl of soup) but it was warm, mild and good! The Pizzette was a good size (approx. the size of a personal pizza) and topped with prosciutto, salami, basil and cherry tomatoes. Crispy crust and generous toppings...good stuff! The Happy Hour menu was a great deal. The most expensive item was the Pizzette at $7 but everything else was under $5 and nice sized portions!

The service was great! Prompt, friendly, efficient and courteous. I'll definitely return, I would love to try their regular menu for Brunch, lunch or dinner!
UGH. This review is for the happy hour. I came here with high hopes and left disappointed with the food and my wallet emptier than expected. I would much rather go across the street to Palomino for happy hour. 

The reviews on the actual restaurant sound pretty good, so if I do come back, then I would only try that.
Unfortunately, I'm not much of a steak person so naturally I ordered their grilled chicken. I was not impressed, but their serloin steak was quite delish as my brother and sister both agreed. Having read several reviews about this restaurant, I might want to go again to try other things on their menu.
Man oh man, I have finally found THE steakhouse! This place is amazing! Great service, great drinks, and best of all: great steak!

Our waiter was Steve(n) and I highly recommend requesting him at the door. I had a dirty martini (drink of choice) and it was made perfectly, Steve even came and shook it up and poured it at the table. Me and my buddy took down a Porterhouse steak and it was absolutely amazing. It was cooked just right (medium rare is where it's at) and it retained all of the juices and flavor. We had a side of garlic mashed potatoes that was excellent, but then again its hard to screw up mashed potatoes. Overall, a delicious experience.
Had to be one of my favorite steak places in the San Jose area. My girlfriend and I aren't big eaters, so we decided to split two sides (roasted garlic mashed potatoes and chipotle macaroni and cheese) a Prime Ribeye, and a Main Filet Mignon. Their portions are actually quite reasonable and their steak was very tender and lean. We ended up finishing our entire meal leaving nothing on the plate! 

One suggestion, you must get the creme brulee after the meal because it is simply delicious! They also give you some creme fraiche to add some flavor to it, so all in all... the meal and the experience is worth the price you pay.
Oh Fleming's, how will I rate thee?  Ok, twist my arm with your mouth watering fare, five stars it is.  We have been to Morton's, Donovan's, Ruth's Chris, and many others.  While many of those have been great, Fleming's has always been the most consistent.  Every visit guarantees a perfectly prepared rare to medium rare steak, and almost as important, that great service.  Thank you.  I will continue to return.
Totally one of the most amazing places in San Luis. It has an amazing ambiance. In case you didn't know, the place comprises of literally of 5 tables so max 18 people are ever in the restaurant. They have some great panini and tapas, but this is not the place to go if you are like totally starving. Go for the amazing ambiance and drinks. Its so small, charming, and cute that the menu is an old novel- go and you'll find out what I mean!
After eating at Papa Cristo's me and my friend weren't so happy about it so we end up going here.

According to my friend this is what we got.

Spicy Eggplant Pizza with smoked pepper sauce and goat cheese, Roasted Garlic Pizza, Pan Seared Scallop on a corn, cherry tomatoes, chive sauce, Open faced burger (grass fed beef) with some kind of sauce on it and grilled onions, Bruscette topped with roasted garlic and another topped with fire roasted red peppers

And i had 3 different dark beers. Sadly i left drunk and drunk texting.... 

wtf was i thinking?
I admit.
Napa Valley has some spanking awesome sangria!
This is our ultimate favorite happy hour spot!
Far Far away from crowded overrated Pink Tacos and ghetto Umba Grille in Century City...

The service is relatively decent, 
Flat screens here and there for the sport fans
HUGE restaurant with entirely seperate elegant dining area,
Heated patio with dim lights and comfy sofas,
Private party room and lots and lots of cute waiters!!!
Make a reservation if you can, 
 1/2 off on appetizers and drinks.
Happy hour ends at 7pm, 
Valet park since it's cheaper than parking in the garage....

This place has "Class" and " Economically affordable" Nom Nom and Drinks!

Other than occasional harassment from middle age jerks who thinks they are the S*#& driving in their tiny Boxter...(probably bought from used car dealership), hitting on all the girls waiting for the valet.... ( either old/young or married...)

Overall experience from this restaurant is 4 stars!
For the price, the food was terrible.  I can make much better at home.
Shay's had some good inexpensive food. I got the Chicken Burrito which came smothered in a spicy sauce, my friend got a burger and fries that he really liked as well. We also split an order of nachos (almost every nacho had cheese) which was enough for the both us. Our waiter was friendly and quick. We sat outside and there was 2 dogs tied to the fence of the outdoor seating area, I'm not sure if these dogs belonged to the restaurant, people eating here, or maybe an apartment above. But the dogs kept coming over to our table and licking our tables/plates, just thought it was more than a little unsanitary.
Hard to find a decent steakhouse around the area. Have to label this TOP NOTCH.  Excellent selection and cooked always to perfection. Meat melts like butter in your mouth. Sides are great especially the baked potato and cream corn. Only drawback = $price$.
Went here with a few professors in my department. Unfortunately, I was just getting over a cold, so I was unable to try their wine. The food was good, albeit expensive, and as mentioned, they didn't have much in the way of vegetarian options.

The waiter was obviously new, and uh, not very versed in the menu, at all. Considering there were five of us, and we were going out on the university's dime (wining and dining visiting academics is one of the most fun parts of the job), I was expecting better service. They seemed to just assume we'd shuffle out of the restaurant immediately upon paying our tab. We ended up staying well over an hour after. Since there wasn't a queue for tables, we didn't think it wasn't a big deal, but apparently they aren't used to chatty clients or something.

Overall pleasant, but doubt I'll be back (although I may try the Barrelman next door!).
This is a nice hidden gem in Harvard Square - I almost hate to review it, because it might mean more competition for tables, but a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do...

This place keeps it simple - beer, wine, some pub food.  Nothing too fancy, but done right.  They usually have a pretty good beer selection on tap, with a few changes every few months to spice things up.

They really hit their stride in the summer, with their (small) outdoor space.  Seats are at a premium, but if you can manage to snag one, there is no better place to enjoy a drink and do some people watching.  

All in all, a very chill and relaxed atmosphere.  Probably not great for big groups, but a good option when you're looking to get a few folks together to kick off the evening.
I came here for my friend's birthday, it was definitely a hard place to spot!  I had no idea if I was even in the right neighborhood because, lets face it, there's not really anything that great around USC.  But when you step inside, you feel like you're in a wine bar in silverlake!

This place is definitely small, but they accommodated my friend's party really well!  The waiter kept making sure everyone was happy and content, and the atmosphere is very laid back yet chic.  It's designed really well, and although there was no music playing, it was really loud in there because of all the conversations going on.  

Everyone ordered small bites, and the food looked soooo good.  Those small bites will actually fill you up, especially since they are all extremely rich.  I ate dinner beforehand so didn't order any, but I sampled a few and they were all delicious!  I think I maybe come back for the happy hour if I'm ever in the area!
itz aiite.  full bar.  menu changes constantly.  but youre bound to find something you'll love.
Came to this tiny restaurant and was nothing but impressed, by the quality of the food, the prices,  and the service that we got for as packed to the fucking brim as this place was. 

There was a wait when we arrived, and we wrote our names on the chalkboard, and probably waited about 15 minutes. I prefer when it is this way that way i'm not bothering people asking, "when will we be sat" etc. We sat down and it wasn't hard to see that the two servers on were working their tail off to serve everyone, turning tables etc., but our orders were taken right away and our orders were taken right away. we ordered :

1 Bacaro burger with the additional fried egg: no brainer for coming to this place. get it rare or pan-seared.
1 Grilled Panini with tomatoes and basil pesto: delicious
2  north coast old stock ales: 6 dollars each- not a bad mark up for one of north coasts best beers.
the "creme" cheese plate with a side of figs and honey (only a dollar each!) 
Bacon Brie pizza-the spicier dish of the three, very flavorful

our cheese plate didn't come out at the same time as our figs and honey. when we asked our server he said that that shouldn't be happening and docked it from our bill. it totally wasn't a big deal, but i totally appreciate this level of care by a server, especially when its ridiculously busy and the likelihood of all dishes coming out at the same time is small.

the bill came out to 42 dollars. would have been 47 if the cheese plate came out. we both left full and happy and i am telling everyone about this place. The loud tight ambiance wasn't totally my thing but my comfort resided after a glass of old stock and some tasty food.

i will totally be back here.
Food was delicious :). Service was bad. 
Me and a guest ordered a Lamb Burger, poached shrimp, margherita pizza, brie and bacon pizza, roasted garlic pizza, and a happy hour special pizza. For dessert, the bread pudding. 
The pizzas with bacon are not worth it. So damn salty. 
The Lamb Burger was amazingly juicy and the parsley tahini sauce complemented it so nicely. I'll throw this in there just because my friend complained about it.... this is an open faced burger. (Note to self... don't come here with friends who think McDonald's is the epitome of burgers :).) So just one "bun". 
The pizzas were great but a bit heavy so next time I would order only one. 
Dessert was delicious and I'd recommend that plate again. I'd say the portions are for two people. 
Now... the service!
Maybe because I came in my work attire, maybe because it was full... maybe for whatever reason, but my table got ignored A LOT. 
I had to wait 30 minutes for my margherita pizza and it came BURNT. :( I was also in a rush when they brought the check so I had to go and hand it to them myself. I don't think that's their fault though, I usually hate when restaurants try to hurry me out. 
Few tips.... this place is extremely loud even though there's only about 12 tables. I mean i couldn't even hear myself speak. Also those small plates add up quickly in terms of price. I came out paying 69 dollars for two people. The sangria was 16 dollars but i ordered it during happy hour so it was 8 :D. 
Overall if the atmosphere and service would improve i would give this place five stars. Also those damn salty pizzas.
My friend and I celebrated his birthday here last night and the experience was perfect. We were initially given a table very close to a party of four, but they quickly moved us to another table at our request. The wine list was pretty broad and we enjoyed a bottle of Aligot, a light white wine. The bread, which features a different herb daily, was delicious with the butter sweetened with honey. The mac & cheese appetizer was excellent, but the risotto was a little salty. The butternut squash soup with crme frache was great. While the Idaho rainbow trout was prepared without much fanfare, it was a welcome change to such places like Salt of the Earth which drowns many of its dishes in an overabundance of disparate ingredients. Finally, the milk chocolate pot de crme was pure bliss. It wasn't too sweet and perfect for two people to share. The wait staff was pleasant and well-informed. I look forward to returning to Toast! in the near future!
Love this place. The food is great - portions aren't huge which I like, everything is fresh, and they have some really creative, clean Italian dishes. We sat at the bar, enjoyed some conversation with the bartender, and overall, just had a nice lunch. It's very clean and the inside decor is understated yet classy. I would definitely bring out of town friends here.
Nice place for a steak. Not nearly as good as Ruth's Chris, in my mind, but still worth a visit. If you like Prime Rib, they have a good Sunday Night Prime Rib deal.
Teresa's Caffe was kind of a spur of the moment decision on a Thursday night.  It was PACKED!  I got the lasagna and my girlfriend got the Vongole (linguine with clams).  Both were well worth it and we would both be happy getting it again.  

The only downside that we saw was that the tables were so close together in this rather small restaurant that the pretentious people at the table next to us were having a very annoying conversation!
I know I know....It's a chain. But surprisingly, it's actually one of my favorite steakhouse, if not THE FAVORITE. 

1. Filet Mignon - That's what I get every time I go there. It's cooked sooo well. The beef is so tender and juicy.

2. Sides - I love their big sides. You can share among the rest of your group. The mushrooom and asparagus are a must!

3. Service - average for the kind of restaurant it is. 

4. Prices - reasonable for a steakhouse.

5. interior - it's not too crowded. You can sit comfortably and have a decent conversation without much noise.

I actually come here for dinner every christmas! If you haven't been, what are you waiting for?
Bacaro is one of those places that deserves a magical 5 Stars. There isn't much around the USC campus that I would consider "real restaurants" but... Bacaro is one of those. It is a great place to hang with friends, drink wine and indulge in terrific food. 

It's your hole-in-the-wall winebar. Delicious. What I love about this place is the amazing selections of great wines -- you walk in and you're immediately met with walls covered by exotic and international wines. 

The food is amazing -- I love the Mac n Cheese and their wild variety of bruschetta. Even their simple breads and oil -- sour dough and garlic oil -- is delicious. The atmosphere is always bustling and the service is amazing. 

The place is a little pricy -- but it's definitely worthwhile. Six of us went in and the prIce came out to be about $160 ($26 / person). I love their sangria and I will keep coming back to Bacaro.

Also: Happy Hour till 7PM Tuesdays.
Came here on Sunday for the "5 for 6 'til 7" happy hour. The bar menu contains: five fine $6-cocktails, five $6-glasses of wine, five delicious $6-appetizers and a $6-bacon cheeseburger.

I had the cheeseburger, which was one of the best I've tried in a while. It was served on a sweet-ish bun which I surprisingly liked a lot and it was cooked perfectly. The Tickled Pink martini with Belvedere vodka and Mionetto Prosecco was delish, even though it was a bit on the fruity side for me especially when paired with the burger. But I got around it by ordering a glass of shiraz for the meal and had the martini for dessert. 

Overall, it was a great experience and, really, you can't beat the price of a meal with two full-size, non-diluted drinks for 18 bucks total. I will be coming here again to try other appetizers very soon.
$8 tapas, cute small place. 3 tapas for $21. 

Don't recommend the bone marrow.
Do recommend the shrimp dish, pizza, & mac cheese.

However, this place is still pricey for certain dishes. Guess they make it up in other dishes. 

Atmosphere: Seems like a dim lighted hip date night place? Came on a weekend, so maybe its more low key type of place then. I'd imagine weekday happy hour evenings would get super loud and crowded here, tapas for $5!

Food takes some time so be patient. If you're starving, please don't come here.
My gals and I like to call ourselves the Food Club because we love food so damn much.  Or I guess the fatty club if you wanna be real here.  We were finally reunited for another feast and decided to give Barcaro a try due to all the raving reviews.  

Location: Barcaro is pretty dark and hidden to find but look for a Caf and you are close.  Parking should not be too difficult but beware of walking by yourself at night, it's a little ghetto and near $C. Ew. 

When we arrived, it was a lot smaller than I anticipated. It was intimate and small with only a few tables.  We waited about 20-25 minutes so two of my gals started out with some wine by the mini bar as we waited for a table.  My friend got a red wine they called the "woo woo" ::raise the roof gesture:: haha. 

The waiters were on top of who is next in waiting for a table, there are some sneaky ones who tried to steal a table!  

When we finally got seated, we were famished! So I just went all out and got the $21 for 3 items on the menu...for myself.  You can get a dish for $8 each but what fun is that? There's so many items you will want to try!  We somehow managed to squeeze 10 dishes on our table, it was GLORIOUS. 

I got:
Roasted Eggplant grilled pizza (spicy smoked pepper sauce, goat cheese):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=MDfH68ORDrkmKBeDR9ZKGQ

I asked the waiter which pizza he recommended and he said you can never go wrong with the roasted eggplant.  It was different and delicious, the goat cheese was very soft and blended into the pizza well with a hint of spicy sauce.  However, I tried my friend's roasted garlic pizza and actually preferred that one.  The crust is thin, crispy and light just the way I like it.

Pan seared scallops: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=rSjDvQFymSp0EiF3TElrXA 

Omg chika chika wow wow! This was one of my favorite dishes.  The scallops were perfectly cooked where it had a nice crisp on the outside with oh so tender and flavorful meat in the middle.  It came in this buttery (jizz-my-pants) sauce with corn where I drank it like soup.  A little lickage on the bowl may have occurred.  

Bacaro burger made with estancia grass-fed beef, fried egg ($1 extra)
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=0a-dNbne2NiEGPzJ2FTR7g

All four of us gals ordered this and this juicy burger was delicious and one of our favorites.  I've never had an open-faced burger but it worked well with the fried egg on top!  Get the egg, just do it.  I prefer to eat my burger as a whole with my hands and get down n dirty w it, but this was the only exception when I had to cut my burger properly. It's not a fancy burger with a bunch of condiments and toppings on top.  Just a fried egg, some grilled onions, and a yummy glaze of sauce.  The bread used underneath was a great replacement over the typical burger bun.  

Homemade bread pudding with Vanilla ice cream: 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8polKN4I6fJx1t8pPxogVw?select=ElTKRAgqP-8Y3Cx3zoZrRA

By the time we got to dessert, we were definitely ready to unzip our pants from trying to breathe.  But we manage to always save some room for dessert!  Ironically, the bread pudding was a bigger portion than the other dishes we ordered.  It had a nice baked crisp on the top and a light creamy fluff in the middle. The vanilla ice cream definitely added a lot to it.  Our waiter was definitely sweet talking his way towards his tip and offered us an extra scoop of ice cream.  Way to charm the ladies with the sweets. 

This place was a solid 4.5 stars and I definitely need to come back here for happy hour next time.   

When I got home...I was fat and happy.  Food coma hit me so hard that I passed out like a baby and fell asleep with my phone in my hand. Now that's when you know you had a good meal.
I came here for a casual lunch with a friend during the weekday. Vinology certainly sticks out from it's other Main St. companions. 

Ambiance felt trendy - which I like. I enjoyed the sleek art that was well blended into the wall. At our booth, there was a glass rectangular prism with oak tree chips (if I remember correctly) which had a caption that illustrated how Vinology uses the chips to preserve wine. 

Service was great. The waiter (although he brought us the wrong drinks) was very helpful when we asked for recommendations. He even told us what  not to get. I ended up ordering the Jerk burger and my friend ordered the Parisian. Good value, great taste, very satisfied. The sweet potato fries were also some of the best I've ever had.    

Have recommended this place to a few people since I last went. Will probably go there again to experience dinner.
I was confident going into Toast that I would like it given the other reviews however I left feeling torn and after thinking about it a little more I'm ultimately disappointed. I went with three other people and we all ordered the tasting, which seems like quite the steal for a four course meal. However we asked the waiter what we would be having for the tasting and what wines he would recommend. Interesting - each person does not get the same thing for each course (whatever the chef has left over from the other dishes) so we were not given any recommendations since there was a big question mark on what would be cooked for us. Of the four courses that I received, I was sad to receive a basic salad - lettuce, tomatoes, onions and dressing. Since I was paying for a tasting I was expecting some creativeness. However I did like the soup I received for my second.

Service was slow but that can be somewhat attributed to the broken ac in the downstairs so everyone had to be seated upstairs. We were sitting at the table for over 3+ hours - oye vey! To make up for that the chef gave us desserts on the house which was a big plus.

I'd say the food was a flop but I would go back for the wine given you have four glass size options.
Probably should be 3.5 stars. 
Food is okay, not amazing. I would definitely prefer a steak from Capital Grille at any time. Side dishes can be done better - taking into account prices, I definitely expect more interesting mushrooms than regular Champignon in the sauteed mushrooms side dish. Wine list is grossly overpriced - at least triple retail or even more - and selection is not exciting at all. 

Service was good, even though the wine was forced into the glasses a bit too frequently. 

Overall, definitely overpriced for the experience. Not recommended unless you have an expense account and don't really care how to spend money.
Nice little wine bar with high quality foods. Portions are small, you're meant to just sip some wine, munch on some goodies, and have conversation. So don't go there with a rumbling in your tummy, you won't get it filled up here. 

The mac and cheese was incredible, and the open faced burger with a fried egg was phenomenal. Good selection of wine and specialty beers! 

The place is pretty tiny, so don't come with a big group. I would recommend just your favorite gal pals or your significant other. 

Cheers! :)
Toast! is delicious.  Pricy, but delicious.

Took bf to dinner for his birthday and ordered the Shrimp with Grits, the risotto as appetizers.  Delicious.  The grits were buttery and creamy, and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.  The risotto was good too, but man, the grits were fantastic.  

The main courses: BF got steak, I got fish with crab stuffing.  Steak was good, crab was very good, but the fish was a bit dry.  

Dessert: The chocolate pot de creme.  Meh.  It was good, but barely enough to justify the price tag.  

But I think the best part about the restaurant was the service.  From the time we stepped in the door to the time we left, the service was impeccable.  All the servers were very nice and very talkative.  No one acted better than you, or snooty.  It was nice to ask a question about a dish, and actually get a straight answer with a nice conversation, rather than get barked at by a snooty waiter with a fake smile plastered.

Overall: Great service, great wine, GREAT Grits...but the rest were more mediocre.  Very willing to pay for the first 3...but the rest, overpriced.
we tried to come here on memorial day and it was closed but we persevered and came back on friday.  the outdoor dining is really quite nice and you can't even tell that you are in the shopping plaza.  the inside is even nicer. it is Huge with many different areas that are quite appealing.

we had a lovely bottle of wine and some tapas. they brought some delicious hummus to start with that was quite appreciated.  I wasn't hungry enough to have a meal but the menu held appeal.  

they also had a peanut butter creme brulee that fred kindly shared with me (i was too full to eat a whole one but i canNot resist a creme brulee...) that was quite tasty.

we will definitely be back.
Teresa's is a fun bistro.  It has an energy to it, maybe its the tight quarters and the college town atmosphere, but it is a fun place for dinner.  The pizza we had was tasty as were the sausage and beef meatballs.  Many of the dishes are organic vegetables or farm raised animals which is something you don't often see at these prices.

There is a long wait on weekends, so be prepared.  However there doesn't seem to ever be a wait at the bar if that is an option.
I came here with my parents and a girl I'm currently dating for what I thought would be a night of wining and dining, with some shoping afterwards at some of the great shops at stanford. Well, we did some shopping afterwards, but the dinner was not what I expected....

We walked in and were seated in a little room off to the side of th emain dining hall, in the corner next to a low partition wall. The restaurant seemed pretty busy, but not overly crowded. They had some background music playing, but not too loud that you couldn't hold a conversation.

We waited for about twenty minutes, after being served some bread and butter, for the waiter to come and take our drink order. I ordered my usual Manhattn, my dad got a glass of bordeaux, and the girls (my mom and the gf), a bottle of zin. Our drinks came about ten minutes later. To my surprise, the Manhattan was awesome. Not that it's a difficult drink to make (it's only three ingredients, or 4, including the cherry). My dad took a sip of his wine, however, and found that it had gone bad. After the waiter took it back, the bar manager brought out a fresh bottle, opened it in front of us, and decanted it. He and my pops tried it and it was good to go.

The food came about another thirty minutes after we got our drinks. It was pretty good. I got the prime rib, which was tender and flavorful. The veggies were good as well. It took a few minutes after we ate for them to clear our table, and about another fifteen to offer a dessert menu.

I guess I'm just dissaponted by this place. I have always heard about Fleming's being a significant rival to Alexander's, Morton's, and Sundance, but it just did not compare, and the reason was clear: sloppy service. Probably won't be giving this place another shot. At least there are other reasons to visit Stanford Shopping Center!
DIAMOND in the rough!!.. (you know the rough of usc.. . GO BRUINS jk ;)

Bacaro is a cute tapas/wine bar w/ spunk! wooden picnic-esque tables w/ chalkboard wine menu walls! & wine bottle covered ceilings

It's $8 per plate or 3 for $21 dollars! (i think the menu online is outdated, unless saturdays have diff menus?) so for two people we got 4 plates PLUS dessert for $5 and i was STUFFED

---Bacaro burger + $1 for fried egg! an open face burger reminiscent of in n out  w/ that thousand island.. nice crispy toast! but not the best burger i've had
---pan-seared scallops take you to FLAVORTOWN in that bold parsnip puree (MY FAV dish!)
---stuffed eggplant w/ lamb! this was a wake up call for the taste buds & in a good way!
---bread pudding w/ vanilla ice cream. honestly up there as ONE OF THE TOP 3 bread puddings i've ever had!!!

great & helpful staff!!

RESERVATIONS: only for parties of 6 or more!! but on a saturday night for 2 we were seated right away since we came early

PARKING: it seems shady but find it in the neighborhood & just be safe and check signs!
I came here with a couple friends for my birthday and it was really very tasty! It's a wine and tapas bar, so small treats and good eats.

It's a small place, so don't bring crowds of your friends unless you have a reservation ...or enjoy waiting for hours at an end... and then still be cramped. It's more of a place for small intimate dinners.

I think happy hour are weekdays 5-7, and on mondays the wine is half priced. Hooray!

I won't name everything we ordered, because it was nearly the entire menu, so I'll just call out the highlights:

We ordered the seared scallops with the carrot puree and (I think?) pickled fennel...I'm unsure. But it was delectable! I adore scallops, and this dish did the shellfish justice! The pickled whateveritis was salty and went well with the sweetness of the carrots. I was sad when my plate was empty.

Cauliflower tossed in chipotle sauce doesn't sound too appealing. But by golly, it's amazing. I don't know how to explain it. Just trust me.

I'm not a huge fan of lamb, the gamy taste usually puts me off. But we ordered the eggplant stuffed with lamb, it was really very good. It was tender, and there was some sort of lemon/tangy/cream sauce. Topped off with fresh scallions.

The lemon chicken with capers and jalepenos and fried risotto was good. I think the chicken might have been a tad bit over done, but the flavors of the capers/jalepenos were surprisingly very well suited. The fried risotto was like a fancy tater tot, I'm all for tater tots.

The Bacaro burger is also good, get it with the fried egg. 

They have a nice selection of cheeses and salamis too. Which are perfect little starters... or enders...

I had to dock a star because of the pizza. They were the only thing I didn't enjoy so much. They weren't bad, just nothing special. And with so many other  good eats on the menu, they were just kind of a downer. We got the white pizza and the margarita (Where's the basil!). Both kind of tasted the same, and both were salty. I'd skip out of these next time.

I will surely be back.
Wine bar and tapas!!! YUMMM...kinda.
The food was yummy but they could've kicked back on the salt. Do they do that on purpose so that you drink more??? WTH.
Cute lil cozy spot, good for a small..I said SMALL!!! (3-5)group of friends or a 2nd date spot. Their bruschetta were yummy, all of them...really oily but eh..drink more wine you'll forget about it.
They took FOREVER for a simple ham panini and their burgers to come out. I though they went out to catch a cow and make it fresh from the back. -_- took THAT long. but it's ok...we drank away. 
Scallop cream corn soup thing...skip it. Salty...but drink more wine and you'll forget about it.  Some type of the goat cheese they recommended really kicked my ass...smelled foot everywhere after I took a lil nibble of it. PHEW!!!!
I arrived at Shay's at the perfect time Friday afternoon. The sun was still high and the patio was full  but was still early enough for the bar to be only half full.  Although I would have liked to have been sitting in the fresh spring air smoking a freshly bought Camel whilst sipping a fresh pour I still have a bit of a winter mentality.  The inside was fine. 

 I got beer whenever I wanted and the bathrooms were pretty much always available.  What else is there really?  "Food," you say?  True, but I didn't eat because I usually forget to when my belly is full of the wash.  Maybe next time...
Happy hour 5-7pm Monday through Thursday! 

Relatively affordable wine and tapas. Low lighting. USC crowd. 

The crostinis are delicious, as is the burger with egg. 

Street parking. Friendly waitstaff. 

This place is cozy, good for dates or just to talk with friends. =)
Impressive decor and atmosphere - if I didn't know I was in Providence, I could be convinced I was in SF or NYC. I'd recommend sitting upstairs and having a view of their open air kitchen.

I know that the food is exceptional based on my experience with their Southern Board which gives you a small flavor of this restaurant's depth as a SALUMERIA/CICCHETTERIA. The Southern Board had a little of everything. My favorites were the Buffalo Mozzarella, Caciocavallo, Castelvetrano Olives, Roasted Peppers Agro-Dolce, and the Roasted Nuts with Honey and Assorted Jams.

We misordered on the entrees - Crispy chicken was eh, but the Pasta Fagioli was perfectly executed and almost made up for the chicken. Our second entree - a simple pasta dish with squid and calimari called Scuie Scuie was very good but not a dish that blew my mind I could recommend. Finally, the molton cake came out lukewarm at best.

Normally, based on the food alone, I would throw this place two stars, but I'd consider going back because I recognize the talent in the menu and the food, I just don't think I had the best they had to offer.
3 stars because our reservation was at 7 and got seated at 9. Didn't make any sense. Food is really good though so there goes the other 2 stars. Came here with my family and relatives after a long day of shopping. Dress code says dressy supposedly, but there was people wearing jeans and a polo or t-shirt.
We recently we to flemmings as a result of a $50 discount we received in the mail. That was a great deal.  We still found a way to spend $125.   Service was great. Food was ok. A distant 2nd to Ruth Chris. I don't know why I bother eating steak anywhere else. No one matches their flavor. Flemmings is a good alternative if you are tired of going to the  same place.
Came out Friday night for our second visit.  The first was over a year ago and besides the cheese board and wine, everything else was "eh" at best.  Glad we gave it a second go-round because the new chef seems to have made some changes for the better.  We were seated quickly and then our waiter stopped by to introduce himself and start us out.  He was excellent with a good sense of the menu as well as ideas for wine pairings.  

The menu could use a few more veg-friendly option but if you're veg you can't go wrong with the spring rolls.  The tofu was cut a little too thick but still okay.  The sauce with it was a much better match for the spring rolls than the soy sauce... which is fine, but boring.  If they would slice the tofu a tad thinner it would cook better... also, maybe freeze it first like they do at plum so that it gets that nice chewy texture underneath the tempura coating.  

The olives, while tempting, are really boring since they take on too uniform of a flavor... it would be nice to have a variety of infused flavor (not just citrus) or just leave them be with a little oil.

The atmosphere is great -- beautiful bar and interior and you can tell everyone there is enjoying themselves, which is always a good thing.  Bathrooms are clean and private and I've heard downstairs is very cool.  All in all, a great dining experience downtown.
I like their fleming salad, steak is tooo large for me(I don't eat a lot though). Wine is good.
When I'm tired of driving, this is my spot to meet peopls. The chicken dish is eh. Not easy to find something to eat here.. But the fries rock. LOL.
I love this place!! Great happy hour! From Monday through Friday they have happy hour from 5-7, with a selection of food and drinks for just $6. Their ahi appetizer is incredible, but the best bang for your buck is their Prime Burger. I think it would normally cost about $15 but you can get it for 6 bucks if you come during their happy hour. Im not much of a burger person, but i must say, their burger here is bomb. Everything about it is perfect down to the bun. It even comes with a couple slices of thick crispy bacon! And their sauce complements the burger perfectly. I've also had their filet mignon here and it was cooked to perfection. Nothing short of amazing. I loved every bite of it! Definetely one of the yummier steakhouses I've been to.
Went here for the first time last Friday at 6pm to try their happy hour. Parking really sucks, you have to walk through the parking garage and through the entire hotel and then across the street to the restaurant. I sat in the bar, they were really busy, which is understandable for a Friday happy hour. But I still think it took way too long to get acknowledged and then once I finally ordered my drink it took forever to get it. The bartender said it was because they didnt have clean glasses. Strange for such an upscale restaurant, but okayyy. 20 mins later I ordered my second drink, to which she says they still dont have clean glasses, so it will take awhile. Well, 20 mins later, still hadn't gotten my drink, so I left. I honestly think she had just forgotten at that point because I saw other drinks getting made. I dont think I will be back.
My boyfriend and I visited this place for appetizers and drinks on a Friday night. I liked the decor and the communal tables they had in this tight space. We ordered the tomato and basil bruschetta, along with the petite filet. They were both incredible and complemented each other so well. 

The only miss was our drinks. We ordered a carafe of sangria and was very disappointed with the absence of fruit. This was also very diluted...fail! I looked at the wine list and it looked decent. Perhaps, a glass of wine would have made this visit more enjoyable.
Classy place for being in the USC 'hood. 4.5 stars!

FOOD:
Small plates. Order 2-3 plates per person. Love the Bacaro burger! This is a must get! Nutella panino for dessert is lovely too. 
Nice selection of wines by the glass including Italian, French. For the non-winos, they have good beer too. 

ATMOSPHERE:
Dimly lit, cozy atmosphere. Small place, small tables. Can get noisy. Seating has always been an issue here since this is a popular place, but they added a side room for seating!  I have been here 4 times and the last time was on a Tuesday summer night. There were a few tables available, but still was pretty busy.

SERVICE:
Not quite 5 stars since the service can be hit or miss. I feel that the servers are given too many tables so they are always rushing around. Other than that, this place is amazing!
Diane and I dropped in here for a bite before going to the movie.  She had the Cobb salad, and I had the Caesar salad with salmon.  Both good, sort of standard but nice, abundant lettuce.

But what stopped both of us in our tracks was the bread and olive oil dip!  The bread was focaccia in thin, toasted little slices, sort of a good white bread with a smattering of parmesan on the top.  But the dip the dip the dip.... it must have been marinated for awhile because the flavors were so well mixed.  It was olive oil with LOTS of garlic (but it didn't taste sharp 'cause I think it had been marinating for awhile), little pieces of olives and a fleck or two of hot red pepper.  Mmmm.... really scrumptious.

I will come back here and try out one of their dinners.  But for a quick salad lunch, it was very nice.
HAPPY HOUR: $5 PLATES (FROM $8), 50% OFF WINE BY GLASS
TIME: 5-7PM

Breadbar Baguette w/ Olive Oil
Bacaro Burger
Pan-seared Scallops
Deconstructed BLT
"Noa's" Cauliflower
Margherita Pizza
Stuffed Eggplant

Bacaro gets packed really quickly.  Maybe it was because I came on a holiday, but I was one of the first to come in when they opened at 5 and when I left at 6, the restaurant was full and it looked like about three parties were waiting to be seated.  

On to the food, the olive oil for the baguette was garlic infused and it just gives it the perfect extra kick.  I really enjoyed that even though it was just olive oil.  The Bacaro Burger and Pan-seared scallops were just fine.  The bacon for the deconstructed BLT was over-cooked and it just tasted like charcoal so it wasn't too appetizing.  Probably the worst dish of the night, followed by the Margherita Pizza which is basically just CHEESE pizza.  There's no basil!  My mind doesn't comprehend.......haha.  Best dish of the night, the Cauliflower followed by the stuffed eggplant, recommended!

Overall I really enjoyed Bacaro.  I'd definitely come back again.
THE CHEESE FLIGHT. JUST DO IT.

Other thoughts:
- A bit pricey, but good portion size. Our party of 3 ordered 1 entree each (intending to share) plus an appetizer, and we ended up stuffing ourselves to finish.
- Scallop dish was excellent.
- Boyfriend enjoyed the wine flight. Good amount, good variety, distinct flavors.
- Nice ambiance.
- Great server.
closed??? anyone know??
I had a pint of what Brendan Behan called "me mudder's milk" some onion soup and chicken wings. It wasn't crowded. I liked the vibe the food was decent. 

Lame review I know many others said it better:

-------------
Greg F
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:GgNMhDYFWP0Kt5DF2NTuhA
"They never did anything but I still remember it." The "deets" on "Rick" and Greg's Aunt from London

Kirs P
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:j5fG1qV5liB0T63_wwPjsw
"I actually prefer Shay's in the winter months." sitting outside is way over rated.

Bill H 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:WGA0piq4pUI1nonDaoLXdA
Cautions it's not safe for "tallies".

Scott B
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:LedVDcnSyQsIOpyhdorvHQ
"For refund, insert baby here ----" Likes the bathroom graffiti and the PBR

Tyler B
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:XRyyL9l6RQJY0sgGyXjzaA
Likes written directions to bathroom (it's not the kitchen) and the wine.

Kerri O
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:ApEmfSa_1ngxq3CjQW-B_w
"It's that sort of place."

Peter A
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:JUI2y68y3L-LHfDYvmw9gw
"The only bar in Harvard Square that matters"

Greg M
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shays-pub-and-wine-bar-cambridge#hrid:HvJCOVn2fWK-E8dx9EUJ5w
"True story: I saw a lady piss herself at Shay's."

----------
Ok I had two pints.
My daughter and I go here all the time. She loves the white clam sauce and I love the pizza. I have had the lasagna too and loved it.The service is always great too.
tapas? happy hour mondays were all wine is 1/2 off? happy hour were al the dishes are only $5? ... SIGN ME UP!

what i ate:
- bacaro burger w/fried egg: whoa. i think i made the mistake of having this last. it was way too rich. the burger meat itself had this delicious crispy edge from the griddle. the sauce strangely enough reminded me of in n out special sauce. the perfectly fried egg just oozed over the entire thing. this was heart attach on a tiny plate, but classier. while it was good, i think it was too rich.
- scallops: two perfectly seared scallops lovingly nestled in a bed of sweet corn and cherry tomatoes. the cherry tomatoes gave it that nice acidic zing. i wish i could have this for dinner every night.
- roasted garlic pizza: roasted garlic, i love you. as a korean i am unashamed of my intense love for anything garlic. bacaro did it right topping thin crispy pizza with just the right about of cheese/sauce, and lovingly studded with roasted garlic jewels. ... okay, so not a first date kind of dish, but hey, if he was really into you, he wouldnt care, right? :P
- burrata cheese (cold app): simple. cold burrata cheese, fresh cracked black pepper, a seductive splash of olive oil. oh lord, im salivating as i write this. scooping dollops on perfectly crusty bread? a marriage made in heaven. what is bread except a vehicle for cheese? i think though this could have been stepped up a notch if the bread had a rub of garlic. 
- mac n cheese w/bacon: oh cheesy heaven. oh, cheesy cheesy heaven. the shells were perfect, the penko bread crumbs a nice contrast. add bacon for a $1 more?! yes please! perfect amount.
- bread pudding w/ice cream: though tasty, this was nothing to write home about. okay, okay, maybe it was the fact that i was STUFFED that i couldnt appreciate the awesome deliciousness of the bread pudding. but it was good! and we were able to eat half. 
- house sangria: not the best sangria in the world, but pretty darned good. though, i wish i had a straw (yea, cause im classy like that). the sangria was iced, and there was more ice in my cup. it deterred me from swigging that sangria like i meant it. 

pros:
- food: PERFECTLY portioned. i loved the sizing. it wasnt too much, it wasnt too little. i mean, if it was too little, you didnt feel that guilty about just ordering another dish. and everything we ate was amazingly delicious. the type of food i LOVE eating while drinking, or just while eating too
- wine: though i got the sangria, the wine list was pretty decent. everything was reasonably priced and there was definitely something for everyone.
- service: it was a bit of a fumble early on because we came in at the start of happy hour to a very empty bacaro, but i appreciated that they were willing to change a neighboring table's wine when the neighbor stated she didnt like the glass of wine she ordered. 
- price: $5 tapas plates during happy hour? amazing! even the glasses of wine werent expensive at all! definitely affordable. monday happy hour: 1/2 price wine. happy hour mon-thur all plates are $5! ... and on sunday they have AYCE + drink beefsteak night for $30? wuhht? im curious! ... regardless my friend and i ordered 6 dishes and sangria and it only came out to ~$20/person! 

cons:
- SMALL: space is TIGHT. oh so european of them i think. the neighboring tables were a mere hands-breathe away. talk about awkward when you try to squeeze your fat ass out from between the tables, cause youre left with the question, ass or crotch? one wall was lined with two tops, while the other wall had about 5-6 tables for four tops. though, i think the two top tables would easily combine to make larger tables. not really the place to bring a group of 20. unless you want to rent the entire place out. 
- sorry to bash on whoever writes out the wine list on the chalkboard wall, but help a sister out and make it more legible! i had to squint and tilt my head in the romantic lighting to see what was on the wall. 
- location: ghetto. 


would i go again? YES! i think more visits would bump this place up to 5/5 stars. hoping to go again sooooooon!
Life is an adventure, meant to be lived to the fullest, everyday at 100% full throttle. I learned this lesson young when my best friend was killed two days after her wedding when we were 19 years old. I went on to live my life like there was no tomorrow, taking obscene chances, sometimes winning, and often failing. Either way, I had won. I had learned a lesson and I had grown as a person. Sometimes people need to be reminded that life is the journey, other times it hits us so squarely in the face, and we can't help but grin. Thus was my reaction to a Bistro in San Luis Obispo, a place so full of promise, creativity, and passion that even though their life at this location maybe limited due to earthquake retrofit rules, I had to share. The Granada Bistro on Morro Avenue is a slice of big city charm, small quarters intimacy and all around cool. This tiny nugget of a restaurant has only four tables, two bar stools, and a bench outside for the patient. What it lacks in space, it makes up for in personality and outstanding food.

The brainchild of Kimberly Walker (who also had other successful ventures while at Cal Poly) feels like you have stepped into a San Francisco or Paris neighborhood for a locals delight. The front is an open window with flapping curtains gazing out onto the passersby. The lighting is romantic, focusing on candles and some Christmas lights. The couches and chairs are vintage and comfortable. The menus are copied onto a 3 x 5 paper and glued into the page of poetry and vintage books. The first few pages are the wine list and menu and then you can read the rest of the prose, a very cool touch. The wait staff is as unique as the setting, focusing on the personality of the food, wine and fare and not so much speed. This is a place where you come to relish, your company, the wine, and the provisions. 

My first visit was with my best friend at lunch, a decidedly French influenced lady who spent many years abroad and oozes taste. We ordered the Cubano and Mushroom Panini and two glasses of champagne, which was served in vintage stemware. The Cubano boasted 3 day simmered pork, jalapenos, peppercini, and cheese and was perfection. The mushroom was decidedly vegetarian and bursting with flavor. We chatted as we brought each other up to speed on our lives. The Granada Bistro begs you to slow down, enjoy each bite, and have an amazing cupcake after. We shared the merlot chocolate, baked by Amy Bakes Cupcakes and I brought one back for my husband. He insisted we go back for dinner. 

Back for a feast, I was afraid this was too much of a girl's leisure lunch atmosphere for Gary, but they wooed him with a pumpkin spice cupcake with a cream cheese frosting. He was also enchanted with our waitress Carrie and their eclectic selection of books. 

I started with a cheese plate and a bottle of Spanish Tempornillio that Carrie decanted for us. The cheese plate was served on a vintage cake plate, drizzled in honey and features a Spanish goat cheese; a five year aged Gouda and a French blue. The fresh strawberries and macron almonds accompanied the plate along with Farb's Bakery provincial crustinies.  

We ordered the beet and goat cheese salad, and were told that the beets were not up to standards, so pick something else. I love an honest wait staff! We settled for the Caprese with fresh tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, basil, and balsamic vinegar. It was like being in the Tuscan sun. We waited for our next course while Gary read me poetry from the menu book. 

We shared a Cubano and then had desert again with the baguette, Nutella, and salt sampler with a glass of sauterne. At the end, I would have sworn that I was back in Paris if we would have not passed the Apple store on the way back to the car. Granada Bistro is pure magic.
Way underrated restaurant! 

I blame the random sketch location, though it's perfect as a hidden gem for USC students. For the quality of food they serve here, I could easily see Bacaro LA being successful on Fig, Grand, Larchmont, Wilshire, Santa Monica, any of these popular dining areas. We SC students are very lucky to have it close by! 

TIP: The owner is an SC alum (I believe), which may explain why there are almost always Bacaro deals floating around campus. If you're an SC student, odds are you get some sort of discount with either your ID card, discount cards (that the randos pass out at the beginning of the year), USG cards, or just random fliers in your bike. Keep an eye out!

Food: awesome. A little pricey for tapas-style eating, but worth it because each dish fills you up pretty well. The menu has gone through several changes over the years, and in my opinion, they've taken away some of the best dishes. 
But you must try the:
- Bruschette
- Bacaro Burger (I love the egg on top!! Almost loco moco status!)
- Grilled Chicken Breast (the lemony sauce is heaven)
- Bacon & Brie Pizza (skip the garlic pizza... it was so garlicky that my roommate got heartburn) 
- Nutella Panini (!!! Must-try! Nutella is the patron saint of college students... AND it comes with strawberries or bananas. I'm drooling just thinking about this. Pick this over the bread pudding; the pudding is tasty but gets too rich after 3 bites.) 

Don't know much about wine, but I like the Sparkling Wine selections.

Parking is all parallel/street/meter. I usually like to park across the street where the janky theater is, to avoid having to do super tight parallel parking maneuvers, then just cross the street to Bacaro.

*RECENTLY EXPANDED! My only complaint with Bacaro is that it is so packed, all the time. Thankfully, they've recently blown out the wall and bought and added on the space next door, so the restaurant is much bigger now. Even so, you'll still have to wait most of the time.

Decor is great. Dim lighting, trendy low tables, chalkboard walls that look like JGL's room in 500 Days. It's so cute that you almost forget you're not in the Art District and that you're really still sitting next door to a ghetto supermarket with a graffiti mural in the middle of Hoover.
Second time Ive been here. It's a pleasant place for lunch or dinner. This time I had a special: venison sausage pasta. It was pretty nice. Simple, not too rich and tasty. My Wife had a panini which was very cold when served. She sent it back and by the time she got a replacement my pasta dish was pretty much done. I dont know why people find it so difficult to make a panini hot. We took our 9 month baby and I'd say it is an OK place for kids. We were well accommodated.
From the street, Toast! has a modest, unassuming exterior. But inside, awaits friendly waitstaff, a wonderful ambience, and delicious food. The menu changes daily, but on this night, I ordered a cheese platter, the mixed green salad with pumpkin seeds in a molasses vinaigrette, New York steak with brussel sprouts and sweet potato pure, and an ice cream sandwich for dessert. The wine recommendations complimented our selections perfectly. A wonderful meal this holiday season!
This is a restaurant for people that like places that appear nice, with decent food that is very overpriced and hip.  
There are so many way better options to eat at in Houston, especially many much better tapas and wine bars, that I will be surprised that this place will make it; but it will for the hipsters.  I find it absolutely amazing that a wine bar does not have a real wine menu -- they have one page of wines listed by the taste 2oz or glass 6 oz, they do not have any bottles listed for sale.  The glasses are over priced ranging from $8-20 a glass.  The tastings are another gimic for people that want to look fun and fancy and pay a large price $17-19 for 6 ozs  poured in three diff glasses (one glass).  The food is similar appears cute and hiply prepared.  It is ok to good, but not great.  The presentation is the coolest part.
The service is haughty.  Both times I have been there they are "out" of the $8 dollar a glass wines but will offer the same type of grape for $15.  Also we were rushed out w our food coming right after we got our appetizers and cheese plate as the waitress said she had a party of 8 coming in next -- at 9:30 on a Sat eve.  I think this misses the point of being a tapas bar.
Bottom line - there are many better places in Houston.  This place may survive as there are many suggestionable people that think glitz and a high price tag are synonomous w good food and wine.  That just means less crowds at the real gems.
Today June 17th I was at your restaurant enjoying a lovely dinner with my family on fathers day and after all our plates were finished, one of your bussers came and collected our dishes, as he was removing our dishes i smelled a strong oder of alcohol coming from the busser. The food was great and the server was great, but the strong smell of alcohol coming from your busser turned me off a bit.
Simple review..

SOUS-VIDE FOIE GRAS TORCHON BRULE, MUTSU APPLE PUREE, VANILLA PUFFED RICE 17
suggested wine:  2005 Laurent Chatenay, Montlouis, "La Vallee," Chenin Blanc, Loire 11.8  
This was very good.  Wine Pairing was a very good choice but served a little to cold for my liking.  

WHITE BEAN SOUP, FENNEL SALAMI-ARUGULA SALAD - 8
Very good soup but difficult to eat.  The arugula was to big for a spoon.  It kept slopping off to the side.  Micro arugula would have worked so much better.

PERSIMMON SALAD, PROSCIUTTO, ARUGULA, MARCONA ALMONDS 11
Very good salad.  The persimmon was fabulous however had to dig through the arugula to get to it. Seemed more like an arugula salad than the persimmon salad as described.

Wine list is FANTASTIC by the bottle be was not presented by the glass list which seemed a little strange at a bar table.  

Overall had a great time.  Saw 4 chefs and former chefs I use to work with there so may be a good sign of things to come.  

Cost
Cocktails $21
Wine $22
Food  $45
Total $95.04
Gratuity $19.00
Total$114
$57 per person
I love this place. I can't wait to move to H Sq so I can frequent it. 

This, to me, despite the fact that it's sometimes a complete show in the summertime, is a neighborhood bar thru and thru. I immediately feel comfortable there, and both times I've been there it's been alone, so that's important (more on this later). I love that it's not only a dive bar, but one with a decent wine list (my bev of choice) and yummy nosh. 

So I am here waiting for the bf last weekend, alone with my thoughts, a glass of prosecco, and some hummus. The place fills up over time, and I'm fine, just chilling, when all of a sudden this chic sits down across from me. I'm like 'eh'? She proceeds to inform me the guys she is with think I am cute and they were all wondering what I was doing alone with some bubbly. I laughed and thanked them, and we chatted for the next 15 min or so, during which our Small Small World was revealed once again after we found out we all went to Michigan. Funny! It felt nice to chat with strangers, and this is definitely the kind of place that it's not out of the ordinary at all.

The bf arrived and we order food, the star of that adventure being the potato wedges that came w/his burger...unique and delish! It's no Cellar Rosemary Fries, but still notable. 

One final note I feel is necessary is the service. I am so impressed at how spot on the waitress was, refilling stuff, coming over and asking how things were going, catching us for another round just in time, and doing this same thing with what seemed like everrry single table in the place. The icing on the cake... while I'm not sure how often I'll eat here, I can say for certain my Shays Days have just begun...
3.5 stars. 

the service was good, great dim ambiance for a nice meal with friends or a romantic date. 

the TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO was absolutely fabulous. a must get! 
the LOBSTER MAC and CHEESE Was also very tasty 
the Cream Spinach was alright, but i've never been a fan of this
the Flemings Potatoes was also decent, scalloped potatoes type dish with Cream cheese and jalapenos, but i never tasted the heat. 

we got the Porterhouse steak, split amongst 3 people. we asked for Medium Rare, but my portion (the filet) was med-well. because of the over-done-ness of my steak, I had to knock it down half a star. I'm too much a fan of juicy steaks. 

we also tried the Lamb chop, again ordered Med-rare - but was also med-well. 

Note: you can go to costco and get $100 GC for 80 bucks. :)
So I'm not sure if it was the full bottle of wine my date and I finished, the fact that steak and mashed potatoes is my favorite meal ever or that the hostess complimented my outfit off of the bat... but Flemmings was an incredible experience for a meal.  Even from when my date needed to go to the "bathroom" (aka went to the bar to check the score of the game) someone came up and chatted it up with me. And i usually hate awkward small talk.. but he was actually pretty entertaining.

The food was outstanding, the service was top notch and how can you not love a steak dinner when you have a buzz going from the huge wine selection?  And you don't have to go looking for your car after you (or your date more preferably) get exactly a .07 blood alcohol level since they have valet with another good looking guy that if your date sucks you can try to pick up too.  Enough said?  I thought so.. take your boyfriend or girlfriend there.  They'll appreciate you ;)
If you want a chill happy hour, you like small but delicious appetizers and a great selection of drinks this is the place for you. I recommend coming here if you don't feel like the crowded Palomino's down the street. This place is across from Acapulco restaurant. Parking is hard to get in westwood, but you can park in the restaurant building for $7 bucks.
Flemings was fine - verging on just "okay."  
I took the wife for our anniversary. We originally booked at Wakuriya but switched b/c Flemings is closer: now I have wicked diner's remorse.   
Appetizers: caesar salad was fine, and the portobello fries were okay, but the cone of shoe string potatoes looked great (wish we had ordered that).
Main: We both got rib-eyes. My wife's cowboy was great, but my boneless was lacking flavor and mealy at points. The Flemings potatoes (au gratin w/ jalapenos added) were average, and the baked potato w/ the works was slightly dry. 
Dessert: The chocolate lava cake was only fine - not great b/c not so lava-like (try the lava cake at Gambardhella's down the street in Menlo Park instead).   
Other: The service was good (bonus points for comping us dessert b/c it was our anniversary) although the support staff was clearly new.   The decor/ambiance was fine (transl: you'd never know you were at a mall).  
Total: Let's just say we'll book at Alexander's and maybe even Sundance before dining here again.
Yum! This is definitely one of the classier joints in town, and you sort of manage to forget that you are still in Ithaca (it's like a mini two-hour vacation!). We had been meaning to come here for ages, and we finally made it in for a good ol' fashioned Friday date night. Mercato did not disappoint and now I'm hoping that we have another chance to go back before Alex graduates and we leave town (though it is a wee bit pricey for something other than a special occasion). 

Our waitress was very friendly without being overbearing, and she gladly gave her educated opinion between the two bottles of wine that we were debating. It ended up being a great choice. We shared the watercress salad and the soup of the day (I can't for the life of me remember what it was, but it was good) and then for dinner had the asparagus, ricotta, and goat cheese agnolotti and the pan-seared sea scallops. The agnolotti was bland, in my opinion, but my husband enjoyed it, and that's what really mattered. My sea scallops were cooked perfectly and the celeriac puree around the plate was really interesting. The flavor of celery usually isn't one of my favorite things, but this was quite unique and enjoyable, especially in contrast to the shoestring potatoes.

My only complaint, and it isn't really a complaint at all, is the menu selection. I totally understand the appeal of wanting to have a smaller menu and do those things on the menu really well, but in my opinion, eight entrees--only ONE of which is meatless--is a little skimpy. Regardless, we'll hopefully be back, just without any vegetarian friends!
After a 4 month hiatus from Westwood, I have returned and had the pleasure of trying out Napa Valley Grille for the first time. We came in and sat down at a table near the bar. It is definitely a classy establishment by Westwood standards and a great place to go if you're trying to avoid the rowdy undergrads. Our waiter was extremely polite and helpful, knew the background and source of each dish and told us what was popular. Plenty of organic, local farm produced entrees, if you care about that kind of thing.

Here's a rundown of what we had (sorry I don't remember all the fancy details of each dish) --
flatbread // $14 for a small appetizer seems a little ludicrous, but mmmm was it delicious. I was disappointed by the size when it came out; however, after splitting half of it with my friend, I was already feeling pretty satisfied. 

scallops, 1/2 order // Again, tiny to the eyes, filling for the tummy! Two scallops on a bed of mushrooms, greens, and Italian bacon-like thing I can't name. Buttery soft. Juicy. Glorious. 

turkey bolognese, 1/2 order // You should have seen the look on my dinner buddy's face when he took the first bite. Pure pleasure. Need I say more?

Good food is one thing, but what really pushed me to put that 5th star up there was the service. Let me quote it back to you --
Me: Just water will be fine, thank you.
Waiter: Would you like a lemon with that?
Me: Yes, please.
[waiter comes back with water, sans lemon]
Waiter: I forgot, did you want lemon with your water?
Me: Oh, it doesn't really matter. I'll take it as is.
Waiter: No, your happiness is of the utmost importance. It is no trouble to me to get you a lemon. My first priority is that you are happy.

Maybe I'm being a sappy pushover, but when my waiter says that, he can have another $5 on tip. And my phone number. 

It is pricey, but well worth it for the atmosphere, service, and food. Excellent experience.
We had dinner here for a bachelorette's party and it was absolutely fabulous!!!  And I'm not even a big meat/steak type of gal, but man oh man, this place is truly the place to be if you are a steak lover!  

Tried their Summer Prix Fixe Menu - 3 courses for $35.95
appetizer (choice of 1): spinach salad or chilled potato leek soup w/ rosemary crostini
entree (choice of 1): peppercorn crusted filet mignon or roasted sesame chicken or broiled sea scallops
side (choice of 1): sauteed mushrooms or green beans with toasted almonds
dessert: caramelized banana crme brule with chantilly crme

Normally starchy potato soup can be overly filling even before your entree arrives, but NOT the case for this chilled potato leek soup.  Creamy puree texture, perfectly chilled, loved the crispy crostini that comes with it as well.  Perfect starter course before the meal that's light enough to be hungry for the entree.  

My medium rare filet mignon cooked just right!  The meat tasted like butter that melts into my mouth...very hard to do for any cut of meat!  So bravo to you Fleming's!  Finally a steakhouse that can live up to its name!  Entree served with yukon gold potato croquettes & truffle infused pan infused juices with creme - all delicious with the filet.  

Finally dessert!!!  There's always room for dessert right?  haha, ok so even though I thought I was going to burst out of my dress by then (mind you, i didn't even finish my filet mignon or any of the sides...) but yes I still wanted my crme brule and boy am i glad that i did!  The sugar crust was perfectly browned, not too burnt, so nicely done! Bananas tasted amazing with the crme brule as well.  

Service was also impeccable!  My glass of water was never once empty, dishes took away promptly and they packaged your left-over nicely as well.

Oh I can't forget, so they know that we're here for a bachelorette party so they gave a box of truffles to the bride-to-be courtesy of Fleming's!!! Way to score some extra points!!!
on 11/18/11, I brought my colleague to dine there. WE had a very unpleasant episode when the food we ate cause severe poisoning. for the whole night my colleague vomited and had to go the the bathroom. She had a flight back to Europe the very next day. 
We tried to contact the steakhouse, but their response was not poor. According to my colleague, the forms she tried to fill in to complain was so cumbersome that she gave up.

I did tried to contact them but rather unsuccessful. So I decided to write it on Yelp to alert you guys...that even brand-name expensive restaurant can have junk/poisonous food. 

I will contact San Diego Dept of Health to record our episode.

cheers
They messed up the orders both times I was here.
Once they forgot to put in any of the food, and the kitchen closed, so we walked away hungry.

Second time they simply ran out of a dish.

The food is good though, just wish the service was better.
I have to admit, Fleming's was my last choice for dinner last night.  After making a short shopping trip at Stanford I had a few places I wanted to check out but when I called it was an extremely long wait and no reservations until 8 or 9.  After my stomach felt like it had gone past starvation I was craving a big fat steak and there was no better place in the area for steak's then Fleming's.  

I made a quick call and they told me there was no wait or reservations needed.  

I ordered:

Sweet Chile Calamari for an appetizer - lightly breaded and tossed with sweet chile sauce.  Probably the best calamari dish I had in an "American" restaurant.  It also comes cooked with some sweet chili peppers (make sure to eat the peppers with your calamari!).  

Prime Ribeye: Probably the best darn steak I have EVER had (blows Alexander's away!) Slightly overcooked but it was still tender, juicy, and extremely flavorful - two thumbs up!!!  The cut was pretty large but it was so good I "gobbled" it all up.  

You have to order your side separately = family style:
Sauteed Mushrooms - a perfect side dish with your steak. Fresh button and portobello shroom's sauted in butter with whole garlic.  Extremeley tasty!

Grilled High Country Asparagus - Asparagus Seasoned with olive oil, salt and pepper.  Nothing too special but it goes great with your steak.  

All the above food with a glass of 2009 Canyon Road Chard = Fantastic Dinner (it also helped that I was starving when I got here).  

Probably the best steakhouse I've had outside of SF!  If you haven't already - gotta try it!
False advertising on their add for "Spring Break Special".  French onion soup is not an option unless you want to pay a la carte.  

 

 

 

 

 
Use this special reservations link and get a generous "break" on a classic double-entre dinner. Specially priced at all Fleming's locations, March 15th through April 7th only.
 

 
APPETIZER
The Wedge Salad or French Onion Soup
 

 
ENTRE
Filet Mignon and North Atlantic Lobster Tail
 

 
SIDE DISH
French Green Beans or Fleming's Mashed Potatoes
5 for $6 before 7.

5 items on the happy hour menu for $6 until 7pm. When I was actually there, I had a real hard time figuring this out. Probably too hungry and grumpy. 

For the happy hour, you can seat yourself in the bar area or the patio area outside. I went with a group of 6 and had no problem finding ourselves a table (It did get a little more crowded later on). Our boring group of 6 basically all ordered the same thing - Fleming's Prime Burger. One of us got the sweet chile calamari and someone else got the roasted mushroom ravioli. From the looks of it, they weren't worth the $6. The ravioli plate had 3 dinky little raviolis, and there wasn't all that much calamari either. HOWEVER, those burgers were great. If I were you, a hungry you, I would just order two of those flemings prime burgers because they're pretty damn good. 

Parking is a little far because you have to park in the parking structure under the Hyatt hotel and walk all the way over to Fleming's. Okay, it's not that bad... I'm just lazy. 

Anyhow, I will definitely be coming back for more of those burgers!
I was at this place last night because I like the Idea of a late happy hour however the drinks are weak and there isn't anything original in the drink menu.  I can't say anything about the food since I didn't have any.  The atmosphere is decent though background music, not too loud which is good.
I think I'm in love.  No, really!  I think I'm officially in love.  My dining experience at Bacaro was nothing short of exquisite.  I was dining with a very large party (about 30 people) and the restaurant was able to accommodate us, which was fantastic.  My table ordered a bunch of Italian tapas to share.  I tried the following:

Stuffed "Mortadella alla Griglia" - Grilled purses of mortadella stuffed with talleggio cheese and served with Mostarda Fruits: Incredibly good, perfect combination of salty and sweet with a spicy fig jam.  It was remarkable how well the flavors worked together.

New World Bruschetta Buffalo Mozzarella, Roasted Red Peppers Agro Dolce & Wild Rocket: Really good, flavors went great together, bread was crisp and toppings were just the right amount.

Grilled Figs drizzled with Local Wildflower Honey: So amazing!  They were warm and delicious and just melted in your mouth.  A burst of fresh flavors... absolute perfection.

Gratin of Scallops and Pancetta: We should have ordered more of this.  We only had one and I probably monopolized it!  The scallops were chopped up with the pancetta and then covered in the herby bread crumb mixture.  Really delicious!  It was a novel take on Scallops with Bacon!

Wood-Grilled "Piadina" - Grilled flat bread with chickpea puree, Jerusalem artichoke chips, smoked capsicum, lemon, crispy parsley & virgin olive oil: Such a great vegetarian option.  Sounds like a lot of ingredients, but it all worked well together.  The Jerusalem artichoke chips were great!  My first time trying that!

Fried Olives: Again, something I had never tried, but it was surprisingly good!  The olives were still hot!

Crostini with Salt-Cured Foie Gras and Homemade Sweet Blackberry Jam: My first experience with Foie Gras and I really did enjoy it!  It was sliced thin, so it wasn't overwhelming in any way, and the blackberry jam was the perfect accent!

Next it was time for dinner... shockingly I still had room in my belly to polish it off!!!  I had the Wood-Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Wild Mushrooms and Fresh Rosemary, homemade apple sauce, mashed potatoes.  I usually shy away from ordering pork at restaurants.  I never feel compelled to.  I stick with chicken, beef or seafood, but I'm SO glad I chose the pork because it was honestly the best pork I've ever had.  The tenderloin was so juicy!  The applesauce and mushrooms were a perfect accompaniment to the meat.  It was a little bit of heaven!  I also tasted a friend's Wood-Grilled Steak "Pizzaiolo" -bistro steak topped with roasted San Marzano tomatoes and sweet garlic with roasted potatoes, which was also divine!

Finally, dessert.  Wow.  Seriously.  Wow.  I had the sweet potato and pumpkin crostada which was soooo good.  It wasn't overly sweetened or seasoned.  Just very fresh flavors in a delicious crust, swimming in a pool of happiness aka creme anglaise.  The lavender panna cotta was amazing!  So creamy... just absolutely incredible.

Soooooo, there's the long version.  Short version is, this place has incredible food!  It's not cheap in any regard.  But now that I've had a taste, I don't think I can stay away!  Raman Noodles 6 nights a week... I'm saving up for another visit here.
My wife and I ate at the La Jolla Flemings on Saturday night.  The host was extremely ditzy.  We arrived at 6:15PM. The Hostess asked if we had reservations I responded no.  She said no problem and took us to a room in the backroom where we were the only people in the room.  My wife asked about the seven empty tables we passed as we walked through the main dining area.  The host said, oh, you could have one of those tables.  My wife looked at me, I looked at her, and we were re-routed to the table in the main dining area.  I frequently dine at Morton's, Donovan's, and occasionally Flemings Downtown San Diego and have never experienced such a poor initial presentation...  My Wife and I will not return.
I went here a while ago... but it was such a memorable dinner so I think that means 5 stars

We went and luckily got to try a variety of things on the menu because we had a decent sized group.

Lobster tempura was awesome and I still remember those few bites.

I got the porterhouse (mmmm best of both worlds type of steak!) and it was prepared exactly like I wanted and expected

The clam chowder was unreal too

Last but not least, they have the lava cake and when that is the last thing you eat and it tastes that good, you know your meal was great.
Pros:  The 8 oz Petite Filet Mignon was cooked to perfection.  I ordered it rare and it was wonderful but a little pricey at $34.  The Fleming's salad was also wonderful.

Cons:  The Service was questionable.  My friends ordered drinks at the bar before I arrived.  Once we got to our table, they wanted to order a bottle of the same glass of wine they ordered.   The waitress said they didn't have that bottle.  The bartender came to our table and explained he had given my friends the wrong glass of wine at the bar.   He was very nice about the mix-up.  But, when you are paying this much for a glass of wine, it seems like they should have done more than just say sorry.  Maybe offer a free glass of wine or dessert?? 

The waitress wasn't that friendly, she wasn't rude but she wasn't thrilled that we were complaining about getting the wrong wine at the bar.   

Next, we had an issue with the bill.  We provided part cash and asked the waitress to put the rest on a credit card.  When we received the bill back, the cash we had given was $20 short of what we had given. And, the overall bill was larger than the first one we saw.   When we asked the waitress about it, she said that bill wasn't right, and got us a new one.  The whole experience left me uneasy.  

I would NOT go back even though the streak was great....for this amount of money..... it's not worth it if the service isn't good.  

If you want a Great Steak and Great Service go to SUNDANCE!
judging by the ambiance, you were to think this place has really good food....but its really hit or miss. the bread and olive dip was really good, the ahi tuna salad was gross. some of the briased short rib dishes were good, some were dry. my salmon was tasty, but it was a really small portion $25 ... i'm like...is the rest coming? i dont get it! just... overpriced...and yes, it's westwood... but still! 
not coming back...
The food was very good but the music was too loud and we didn't care for the type of music.  When we first arrived they were playing oldies, which was good but then it went to jazz and blues.  It was so loud that we couldn't  hear what the waitress was saying to us and we couldn't talk across the table in a normal voice. Guess since it is so small of a space we thought it should have been so you could have had a more intimate conversation instead of talking loudly.  Service is good and so are the prices.
Came here for happy hour.... Tried some nibblings from the menu.  The ribeye was tasty..prices were what you expect from a high end steakhouse.. Their 5-4-6 menu is great. The only "meat" that the patrons appear to enjoy more was each other....what a hook up spot....pick a spot and watch 50+ yr old guys trying to land a 20 something gal...that alone is worth coming here....
My experience was nothing like the two previous ones. 

Wait staff was really good. We didn't wait long for our food, and the suggestions for food were spot on. I loved the potato appetizer (don't remember the name of it now, but more than one wait staff said we made the right choice). I was more than pleased with the main dish I got, soft-shell crab, cheesy polenta and asparagus. Yum!
We got dessert too,  cheese cake with a strawberry sauce. Pretty standard, but lighter than most that I've had in the past. We also got ice cream with it (and an extra scope from our server). The wine is good too! The list isn't as long as I've seen in other restaurants/wine bars, but that's understandable for a place that just opened about 3 weeks ago.
THE VENUE: 
located in a random neighborhood near USC, seems sketchy but you'll be fine. This place is a super small but cozy lil wine bar and great for all different types of groups (but keep the groups kinda small!)

THE FOOD: 
Pan seared scallops: OMG my fav...this was soo dang good! 

Mac n Cheese: Yum...this one's a crowd pleaser :)

Burrata di Stefano: tasty, not my fav but its def it's worth a try

Prosciutto di Parma: I lub me some Prosciutto; just give me more bread with it!

Oven roasted bone marrow: my friends really enjoyed this one

Zucchini fries/onion rings with chili aioli: it was ok, but the aioli was the star. This has a Kick!

Bruschette (with white bean): nice texture on the beans and good flavor
Bruschette (with roasted red pepper): also yummy, tasted like tomato

Poached shrimp: Also a fav...the citrus chili was a nice touch

Margherita: this was good, but it wasn't THAT special...

Breadpudding: ratio of ice cream to pudding needs adjusting. flavor and texture was just okkkkk........

THE SERVICE: 
Everyone was very friendly and gave good suggestions on food

OVERALL: 
I will def frequent this place cause there are several things I still need to try. Just come and make an adventure of it, I promise you'll like!
The prices are steeper as noted, but personally I am good with smaller portions (and so is my American-sized gut that needs to chill out).   The menu variety and intense flavor of the items makes this a regular "special night" out for us.    I like the interior decor a good bit (when we can get a booth, even better); cool, dark materials, good design elements.

Side note : Also love the seasonal mixed drinks
I was very disappointed with the food here, it was unimaginative and bland.  The wine was awful.  My wife turned her red lacrima back for a beer (An IPA, which tasted dang good!).  The hamburger sits on toast and is covered in a strange gooey gravy.  The artisan cured meat plate was more like chorizo, some inferior prosciutto and tons of small pickles (cornichons).  Artichokes were drenched in cheese and tasted pretty good after the horrible red and mediocre white wine the waiter recommended.  This place was filled with high-falutin' USC students so I can't blame them for serving up crap to unwitting youth on endless bank accounts.    How can I get in on this business?!?

The Yelp 'questions' following my review look more suited towards a bar/club than a restaurant.   Live DJ, best nights to go?  Odd restaurant with a cool ceiling.  I actually hit a parked car leaving this place and just took off.  Hey it's a tough neighborhood!
Wow. Just...wow. We did 3 (yes, 3) rounds of their 3 for $21 special and every dish was better than the last. The pizzas were azmazing...the bone marrow w/ baguette was devine and the chicken AND burgers are drool-worthy. As many times as I said, "I'll try something else next time", I'm having one of those 2 dishes again. Oh, and dessert? Fuhggetaboutit- bread pudding and pecan pie were perfectly sweet punctuation to the savory- not excessive in the sweet department, but just enough to feel 'done'.
"Be a man.  Be aggressive."

You'd never expect to get dating advice from a higher end place like this.  But sure enough, my friend and I - both in need of some serious drinks and venting about "pursuit" (for me) or lack there of (for her) - got some pretty good advice from the bartender at Happy Hour - himself a 40-something (divorcee, I think) recently engaged to a former coworker.  I'm sure he found our relatively young frustrations amusing.

One drink each is all we needed - great venting buzz to go with the good conversation.  The burger was great, cooked to order and generous in size, perfect for sharing.   Seared ahi tuna, tenderloin carpaccio, and calamari (with a hint of "je ne sais quoi") are definitely high class happy hour eats.

The biggest question is what to pick from the happy hour menu - to which the bartender would probably reply, "Be a man.  Be aggressive."
Yum tum!  We went on Sunday for the prime rib special. Everything was full sized.  Sometimes when restaurants offer specials the portions are downsized, not here. The prime rib and creamed spinach were to die for. Dessert was great the lava cake and crime brle. We were so full we only ate a few bites. We will be back
If you are ever in Ann Arbor, enjoying the Kerrytown Market, you must go to Vinology.  We so enjoyed our visit, that we're planning our next Detroit trip.  The atmosphere was (we were there early in the evening) relaxing after an afternoon of unseasonably warm weather.   While we enjoyed our wine flights and appetizers (no time for dinner) we couldn't help but be impressed by the thoughtfulness put into the decor/ambiance of the entire restaurant.  The wall of booths are separated by sheer curtains, adding a sense of intimacy without feeling claustrophobic.  

For our appetizers we enjoyed the Sliders and Duck Wings.  *Takes deep breath* The best sliders I've ever had in my entire life.  EVER.  You would think making a slider is easy, no? a baby burger, simple.  Apparently not.  What makes these sliders transcendent (yep) are the perfect balance of sear (crunch) and moist perfectly cooked meat.  And not just any meat, but a combination of three different cuts, house ground.  Topped with caramelized onions and cheese, there are four per serving.  Which is perfect, because you don't have to be polite about wanting another one! 

The Duck Wings were also amazing, I love the contrast of the crispy/cool of the salad combined with the salty/sweet/richness of the duck wing.  I honestly couldn't have asked for more.

My Honey and I each had a wine flight,  for him. the more macho Spanish reds, me, the girly Fruity flight.  I enjoyed my pinot noir so much, we purchased a bottle to bring home and enjoy at one of our local byo restaurants.

Hope against hope that the space downstairs isn't filled for an event, so you can see the beautifully appointed party rooms, the bubble room would be absolutely perfect for that classy intimate event you have coming up.
Amazing food, great experience last night except for one major caveat... ordered the chef''s special (bone in filet mignon with lobster and bernaise sauce)... if an entree costs $70.00 would be nice if the waiter would be kind enough to mention it... instead of being presented with sticker shock when the bill arrives.  The sad part is while the filet was off the charts awesome, the lobster was tough and rubbery.
Went with three others, ordered 9 plates off the sushi style salumeria menu, and two entrees to share around. Started with some cocktails which were nice. 

Some highlights foodwise were the warm figs with honey, the scallop was perfectly seared (altho 7 bucks for one scallop is a lil silly, Rusticy bruschetta, marinated mushrooms were lovely, fried stuffed squash blossom. The other options we got included fried meatballs, which were good. Arancini which were surprisingly a lil bland and in need of sauce, and not as creamy as other arancini i've had. Marinated olives and artichokes were standard. There was also a little grilled cheese thing, that the runner never told us what it was, but it was also just ok. 

Two entrees were a parradelle with sweet corn and mushrooms, that was a favorite, liked how you could tell the corn was cut right from the cob, gives credibility to their local food usage. The other was a baked shells and cheese "in the pink" dish. Which was ok, but needed seasoning, and was a little soupy. 

For dessert we got the chocolate platter, and beignet-like things with a blueberry compote. 

Service was really good, very personable and helpful. Went over how things worked, as we'd never been there. Was entertaining, and seemed knowledegable despite having only worked there 1.5 months. He had good suggestions, and kept water filled! There was a lil snafu where a 2nd server came over to take drink orders from us after our first server had taken then. We were thankful she wasn't our server through the rest of the night, cause she seemed kinda cranky...she also dropped one of the hot plates without telling us what it was, which was confusing. 

Really nice ambiance, sat overlooking the good ole' prov river. Would definitely go back to try some more things from their small plate menu.
came here two days in a row. it's a great place to meet up with a friend, especially after meals or for a long chitchat. I really liked their sheep milk cheese (just the right amount of "goat cheesey taste" and soft almost like brie. Try to ask the waiter/waitress to help with wine pairing, as they did a great job both times. will def go again.
It was hard for me to believe that there was a decent restaurant in downtown Troy.
Daisy Baker's is a nice place for a romantic dinner. Also, it is affordable.
I had lunch at Teresa's on a weekday in 3/05.  It's a light-filled and charming restaurant and it seemed very popular.  The food was delicious, the service was excellent and the prices were moderate.
I have been to several Fleming's steak houses in San Diego, Newport Beach and of course here in Palo Alto in the Standford Shopping Center.  This place has a nice ambiance and the people are always very friendly.  I do highly recommend you get a reservation especially during the weekends because it can get packed.   

As usual, I get my rib eye fix...this time it was a 22oz prime bone in rib eye aged to perfection with a awesome amount of smoky or wood fired flavor.  For appetizer I shared a tempura lobster with my wife and boy...that was a meal by itself.  Good dipping sauce!  In other occasion I tried their seafood platter but compared to other places I've been to, it was ok.  The service is always great!  Every time i'm out of town and I pass by a Fleming's...I get this urge to just stop by and eat steak!!  I don't know why?
Lovely place.  I didn't dine here but instead had a few drinks with friends after a lecture at the Hammer museum.  The bar area in the front takes up a generous amount of space, with seats at the bar, plus plenty of tables.  Our server, whose name I never got, was fantastic.  Two of my friends were here before the lecture for cocktails, and several hours later when we came back, she asked them if they wanted the same drinks.  The place looks like it gets a good amount of business, so the fact that she remembered what my friends ordered was a really great, personal touch.

While my friends ordered cocktails, my boyfriend and I each ordered a red wine flight.  I was very pleased with mine - the Meritage flight, which came with 2 ounce pours of 3 different wines.

I wish the bar menu had a few more items on it that are suitable for sharing.  We ended up not ordering anything off it because most of the items on there didn't seem to be made for sharing, and after having already eaten dinner, I didn't want to get another entree.  That's pretty much the only thing I wasn't 100% happy with here.  Otherwise, I had a fantastic experience and look forward to coming here again for drinks!
Your perception of this place is likely to depend on your income and your patience. The waits are long, long, long. While the prices are not terrible for Princeton, if you are a graduate student like myself, you might wonder why a simple, well-executed pasta dish with local ingredients should cost $16.

Don't get me wrong, it's good food. It also fills a huge gap in the Princeton dining scene: as a presentable restaurant with a broad menu, tasty food and semi-reasonable prices, it's a major go-to option for family dinners, department lunches, date nights, and so on.

That being said, with all of the amazing farmers markets we have around here, it wouldn't be so hard for you to replicate many of these dishes at a fraction of the price. And it might even be quicker to cook your own meal than wait for a table on the weekends.
Bacaro is truly a hidden gem. The quirky community surrounding bacaro only adds to the eccentric nature of this wine bar. I just ate here last week and fell in absolute love with the new menu detailing several additional types of bruschetta as well as the specials for that evening. My boyfriend and I shared the jalapeno and brie pizza (omitted the bacon since I'm vegetarian) that was absolutely divine. The spices from the fresh slices of jalapeno added a nice pop to the creamy smooth taste of brie paired with a nice glass of hoopla. And my oh my..the bread pudding served a la mode with vanilla bean gelato was seriously... incredulous!! As soon as my boyfriend and I put one bite into our mouths... we looked at each other with bulging eyes as we couldn't believe just how amazing this bread pudding could possibly be. Everything about bacaro is wonderful, the excellent variety in distinct wines..the ever-so friendly and wise service ... and the ambience is cozy and intimate enough to lack intimidation while being chic enough for that la crowd. I LOVE YOU BACARO!!!
We came in last night for an early happy hour snack before another event.  There was plenty of seating in the bar when we arrived at 6PM.  After several minutes, a waitress came to take our drink orders.  One of us had a beer, but I was driving and not drinking, so I ordered water.  That evidently left a bad taste in our waitress' mouth who was quite short for the rest of the evening.

After our drinks arrived, we asked to order food - a kale salad, a salami pizzette and the soft shell crab that she had so highly recommended.

The kale salad was definitely 5 stars.  For $4, this was a screaming deal, and it was so delicious.  The chiffonade of kale was gently massaged with a lemon vinaigrette and tossed with sliced almonds, golden raisins and bit of black quinoa.  So much flavor!  I could have eaten two of these.

The salami pizzette was 3.5 stars.  For a $7 HH special, it was on the small side, but the crust was crisp, the marinara was fresh, the salami was lean and the basil was verdant.  Very tasty.

The soft shelled crab MUST have been recommended by our waitress because it was the most expensive thing on the HH menu at $12.  Even worse, they actually charged $13 for it on the bill.  It was mostly breaded shell with barely any meat.  Despite having been craving soft shelled crab of late, I wish that I had not ordered this dish.  A restaurant of this supposed caliber should take the crab off the menu if it is going to be of such a poor quality.  I wish that we had instead ordered the fish tacos.

If everyone in your party is ordering alcohol and your are VERY selective about your appetizer selections, you can put together a decent happy hour here.  I don't think that it is worth going out of your way here, particularly considering the spotty service.

Side note: fun place to people watch...guy in orange fedora with shiny orange shoes hugging all of the staff was AWESOME.
Absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food, wine, and service are all phenomenal. Also, happy hour or not, the prices are affordable. Best addition to the USC area in a long while.
Very decent place, we had dinner in the bar with the full menu. Great food, great wine. The calamari would have been better with the sauce on the side. I think that the calamari would have been better if they were crispy and came with the Cajun sauce the Shrimps came with.
Bacaro has become a USC institution over the past few years.  The food is solid, the service is great.

Bacaro is really worth it for happy hour.  Also, Mondays are half off all wines by the glass!

Favorites:
Roasted Garlic Pizza (SOOOO good, for all you garlic lovers out there)
Lamb Stuffed Eggplant
Poached Shrimp
Seared Scallops
Cauliflower (it's topped with this great chipotle aioli)
Mac n Cheese (get it with bacon!)

Definitely don't miss the BROWN BUTTER COOKIE DOUGH for dessert.  I don't even like cookie dough... :)

 Also lookout for groupons and living social deals, as they have had quite a few in the past.

Beware, Friday and Saturday nights are crazy crowded, although they have recently expanded to offer more seating. And Greek has basically taken over this place...
This is a nice quaint Princeton eatery.  The food is great and the location is perfect.  Great place to bring your wife (and if kids are with you, it still works out well.)  The Pasta Fagioli is great.  The thin pizza is great.  The bread is great.
We had their special Mother's day brunch here today. While service here is always excellent, food was another story. I really expected something better being famous Fleming's. Everything was cold and tasteless. Only thing I liked was green beans! Never again for brunch.
I had the conchiglie balsalmico. I thought it was excellent. Not a great value at $16, but worth it for a special occasion.
After living in Princeton for almost 3 years and trying several Italian places in town, this is my favorite Italian place HANDS DOWN.  It is the less expensive restauant of the Terramomo restaurant group and in my opinion the best.  You can't go wrong with ANY of their menu items. The problem is that this place has also become so popular that it is ALWAYS packed and usually some kind of wait.  I don't think they take reservations either.  

Now that I live in Boston, my mouth still waters when I think of the conchiglie balsamico, shelled pasta with pieces of chicken, asparagus, and this creamy balsamic sauce.  J'adore their antipasta dishes too--it changes depending on what is in season but all so excellent.  Definitely go check it out.
Chill environment to grab a beer, cider or wine.  The ambience keeps me coming back since it is a relaxed spot to just hang out for a while either on the outside patio or inside.  Once I found this place I've kept going back whenever I'm in the area.  It is funny that people who have lived in Harvard Square for a while still haven't heard about it.  Also, the hummus plate is great and my friend was blown away by the hot brie plate (my lactardness held me back).  Not expensive either!
It was my lucky day, I received a $50 coupon from AmEx good at Flemings. 

So we had bone in prime rib steak cooked medium rare and side dishes of grilled asparagus and Flemings potatoes.  

All of it was very yummy. A couple of nits though -  steaks were over salted, and our waiter dropped a utensil on my pants when he was clearing the table.

Next time, I'm asking for a moderate amount of salt rather than the default.

The steak portion is very large and we each could only eat less than half of it. We will enjoy the rest another day.
I've been dying to visit this place and am so glad I finally did.  This is a great walk-down bar with a patio (good luck getting a seat outside) with a nice chill vibe.  Good bar food and great beer and wine selection.  The bathrooms were definitely gross, but I wasn't surprised.  My only gripe is that there was only one server on during a busy Friday night.  Maybe one of these days I'll be lucky enough to grab a patio seat.
I absolutely love this place. Great wine selection and perfect atmosphere.

It's best to go with a few friends and order a bunch of things like crostinis, bread with artisan cheeses, almonds, cornichons and cured meats. 

all of it is so delicious! make sure to order the pizzas- they are to die for! I usually finish one by myself so keep the portion size in mind. The burger is my favorite for the main courses- i'd skip the scallops. 

BREAD PUDDING!!!! RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME.

fin.
Simply delicious fare.  Small plates are a great opportunity to try a lot at once. We were hungry and shared the pork belly skewers, spicy cauliflower, beef tenderloin, lamb stuffed eggplant, mac and cheese and a pizza. The pizza was not as remarkable as the rest of the meal but everything else was phenomenal. 

Prices are on the high side, especially because they come out quickly and its a relatively quick dining experience ( also because they're quite busy), but well worth it. 

Monday nights are great, the wine is half off each glass!
I always enjoy myself the times I come here. I love the breads, and the small modest beer tap selection. The have some awesome wines, though I still have not checked them out. 

I think the daily specials are really good. They make some amazing pastas and pizzas. The lasagna is one of my favorite comfort food staples.
This completed my triple crown of Tria establishments... My girlfriend and I went here after a movie at the Ritz and a bike ride on Kelly Dr. and we couldn't have ended our day any better.

As usual Tria had their excellent wines, and great recommendations.  My only disappointment is that the Red I really like was almost gone. The friendly waitress let me finish the bottle for free.

Additionally they had great small plates, which are pretty affordable.  I love going to places that don't fill you up to the point of feeling stuffed but satisfy the appetite nonetheless. 

The decor, as I've found in all three locations, is subtle and relaxing... Of three this place is more of a wine bar/small plate location.  

**Don't expect full meals; however, do expect excellent service and quality food and drink**
The food really redeemed this place for me.
Mostly my problem with Bacaro was the service. 
The server seemed inexperienced or frazzled or maybe he just had an off night.  Whatever was going on with him, the result was that he did several things badly. Most notable, he was simply inattentive. We had to flag him down to get anything done - order, get more water, get our food, get plates cleared. This is basic basic stuff that he just dropped the ball on. I don't really think that the issue was the amount of customers either as this place is tiny! He forgot to tell us about specials and handed us our bread after we'd finally asked for it after 20 minutes of waiting, along with all the main courses. Pacing is definitely an issue here.
Perhaps, the chefs had a hand in this too as we often waited a loooooong time for our food only to have multiple dishes come at once which just complicated things like table placement. 
However, the food is good. very good. though a tad salty. and even though you may think, especially as you're waiting and getting hungrier and hungrier, that the portions are not going to be large enough, it will turn out that the amount of food is just right. 
I went with 2 friends and we ordered about 8 dishes which ended up being 1 dish too many. While there were some dishes, I wish I'd gotten one bite more of, I did leave feeling very satisfied and after the final dish, an eggplant pizza,  left feeling stuffed. 
We had a group which saved us about $20 on the bill. Recommend the hangar steak, the burger and the pizzas. 
Bacaro is a very nice place with good food. but there are better places where I don't have to wait so long and can be treated better.
Random outing to Palo Alto brought us to Flemings. 

Think, decor from the Cheesecake Factory meets fancy steakhouse, with large flat screen tv's showing ESPN at the bar.  Interesting combination, don't you think?

We were hungry and this just so happened to be attached to the Stanford Shopping Mall.  We didn't have reservations but got a table promptly.  Our waiter was interesting to say the least - I am sure we were judged, especially me, since I was not wearing the appropriate attire for the restaurant's typical patrons. 

The steak was just okay, I've definitely had better at Harris'.  When did medium become the new well done?  The sides were mediocre at best but the dessert was well worth it, the lava cake. 

I guess you can only expect so much from a steakhouse connected to the mall...
Romantic date spot? Yes.  Impenetrable fortress?  Nope.  

Even so, one of the better laid-back spots in Harvard Square to grab a drink.  When other bars in the area are too crowded, too pricey or full of clienteles too douchey, Shay's is usually just right.

Getting a table outside can be difficult during peak hours, but if you have the liberty of stopping for a mid-afternoon beer, Shay's patio is a great place to enjoy that hefeweisen or beer of your choice.

The beer selection isn't huge, but the beers on it are well-selected with a great variety of styles, origins and prices.
Peppercorn steak - great cut but I wish I'd gotten something not encrusted with pepper. It was tender and juicy though.
 
French Onion Soup - really nice soup. Would definitely recommend.

Carpaccio - never had carpaccio before so I have nothing to compare it to. Pretty tasty though.

Seared Ahi Tuna - smoky flavor with spicy mustard sauce. Pretty awesome though.

Drinks were way too pricey. Even for happy hour, 6 dollars for one cocktail is just crazy. Especially knowing how watered down they are.

Overall feeling was that the food was really nice, drinks were bad but the service was amazing. If you feel like spending about 50 bucks for a good steak, it's a great place to go. The servers are really awesome. Wish I could give this place 4.5 stars.
Good food, friendly staff, and dark atmosplere.  Their prime rib is great!  I prefer Ruth's Chris over Fleming's, but Fleming's far above Donnovan's.  Be sure to go on a Sunday evenings for their $30 Prime Rib special that includes a salad, side, and dessert!  It's good for sharing if you order an appetizer with it.  (I've actually only been there for this deal.)

Parking on the street is kind of a pain, but there's usually some to be found in the evenings since the restaurant is located in a 9-5 workday business area.
The grilled chicken appetizers and deserts were superb as was the service and the private party room we occupied. Highly recommend.
I've been wanting to check it out since Matt C. has told me it was the BEST STEAK he's ever had, and for my birthday, Melly Mel took me here for dinner.  Here's what we ordered:

Sweet Chile Calamari - Delicious!  The sauce they used was phenomenal!

Jumbo Crab Cakes - Not bad.  But I've had better....

Fleming's Potatoes - Very cheesy Potatoes Au Gratin!

Chipotle Cheddar Mac & Cheese - This was very good as well!  

Prime Ribeye and Prime New York Strip - Both steaks were way overcooked (since we ordered medium rare).  We spoke to our server, and she apologized and took them back to the kitchen.  The manager then came over and apologized again, and told us the steaks will be on the house, PLUS they were going to remake our sides since they would've been cold after they remade our steaks.  Fifteen minutes later, the Sous Chef came out of the kitchen and served our steaks personally and apologized!  Wow.

All in all, the food was really good.  Not the BEST steak I've had, but definitely top 3!  

Thanks Melly Mel!!!!!
We went to Flemmings for a birthday dinner. I've been here before however it had been a while. I usually order the filet mignon 
, however they were offering a 3 course  summer special that sounded delightful. Summer salad, NY steak and dessert. So I decided to get it. Well first off, my small salad (consisted of mixed greens, blue cheese and strawberries) was soggy-completely drenched in dressing and was missing the candied walnuts that the waitress had mentioned but I was too hungry to say anything because we had a already been there an hour. So I ate it. Then the steak came. I ordered it medium + and let me tell you it was chewy! Not a good quality steak at all plus it had this wacky seasoning all over it. Chewy steak for 40+ bucks?! Not cool. We also ordered the half and half (shoe string fries and onion rings). Onion rings were great fries not so much. They weren't fresh nor good. 
Husband ordered filet mignon and Flemmings potatoes. Birthday boy has to send his steak back and they actually gave him a 25.00 gift card. So that was accommodating. When we got in the car he said his steak was "ok." Then everyone else started talking about how their steak was "fatty" or "chewy".....Again a steakhouse should never just be "ok." 
I will say the dessert -chocolate lava cake and the bread tasted phenomenal.  I probably will not be returning to flemings unless it's a forced social situation. I LOVE Ruth's Chris  and have never left disappointed. Flemings Is 100% overrated. The end.
Bread: belch. 

Winter squash tortillini: the filling was sweet and creamy but the pasta was really bad. The edges of the pasta was like crunchy????  :( I had high hopes for this place.
So you're in Westwood and want to be somewhere for grownups and not UCLA kids. You want to eat well, drink well and enjoy good service. There are some pluses and minuses. 

The Pluses

1. The decor and environment are great. The location is awesome. 

2. Great scones at the valet stand when you leave.

3. Great salads.


The Minuses

1.  The food isn't as good as it seems. Presentation is great. Food is sort of so-so. 
-- pork chop completely raw on the inside
-- spaghetti squash was freakishly oily (like 1/3 cup) poured over the top. It was garlic overload to. Both were a total turnoff.
- bread was never served to me but to others

2. The service was awful
-- bartender called me "Babe" 
-- no table setting at the bar -- no napkin down, no place setting etc.)
-- gossip fodor between bartender and waiters about the restaurant and guests

3. The parking is lame
-- No street parking
-- Valet costs $4-$7
I just realized that my only other reviews on here are critical, so as not to appear a total cynic, I thought I had ought to actually write something complimentary about a restaurant I like.  Thus: my Bacaro LA review!

Bacaro LA (or as I like to refer to it, Bac-a-ro-lah) is a tiny hole-in-the-wall wine & tapas place that YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT!  First off, the food here is sublime.  Seriously, they only serve delicious food here.  Hold the menu in your hand.  Close your eyes.  Point to something.  Order it.  I promise you, it will be excellent.  If you insist on me recommending something so you are not just ordering blindly, try the Bacaro burger with fried egg (over easy).  Heaven!

Second, they have an excellent (and ever-changing) wine list.  The sommelier is a wine expert, and he brings in small-production wines from CA, Tuscany, France...  The prices are average (though the pours are admittedly a little short), but it's worth it to get to taste a wine you aren't going to find anywhere else.  They also have a solid selection of bottled (and a couple draft) beers, for the beer drinkers among us. 

The ambiance is cool.  It's got little rustic tables and a wine bar you can stand at to eat and drink when the place gets packed (i.e. most of the time); the complete wine list is written in chalk on the south wall (which is an enormous chalk board); and the ceiling lights are hidden behind a wall of wine bottles, which has a really cool effect.  Also, the place is always full of well-dressed coeds & young professionals, so it's got a great vibe.

In summary: great food, great wine list, great ambiance, great people.  What's not to love?  Five stars!
Unless you are getting a steak, I have found that the food tends to just be "okay." I ordered the wedge salad to start and found the dressing to be too sweet. Also, its called blue cheese dressing for a reason...put some blue cheese in it! 

For my main dish I tried one of the relatively new small plates, the seared ahi with a fresh vegetable salad. The fish was fresh but just you standard seared ahi. The sauce they served it with had a good dose of wasabi, so it added some nice flavor.

My dad always goes crazy with the side dishes and this time we had the roasted mushrooms, Felming's potatoes, mac and cheese, creamed spinach and asparagus. The mushrooms were really oily and the potatoes were a bit burned.

Now I NEVER skip dessert but I've noticed the past several times I've been that the desserts are just not very good! The turtle pie is dry, everyone does a molten cake, and a piece of cheesecake is just a piece of cheesecake in my book unless you put something delicious on the top. There seems to be no originality or anything really worth the calorie splurge. That being said, go get your over-priced, unseared piece of steak then make you way next door to Trulucks for a REAL dessert (I'm talking to you, two pound piece of carrot cake heaven!)
OM NOM NOM my oh my delicious!!!

Boyfriend and I, accompanied by a lovely Groupon that only helped the experience, just spent 2 hours at Bacaro, the first part of which found us standing, nonetheless drinking and eating. Small space yes, but hey if they're not greedy about wanting to serve more people, who am I to judge?  We had the following: 

- Bruschette with Tuscan White Bean - - big hunka bread with beans piled on top, lemony, refreshing
- Bruschette with Roasted Garlic - - sweet & garlicky
- Crostini with mascarpone, sun-dried tomato tapenade - - these are obviously smaller, delicious and also very aesthetically pleasing
- Crostini with dill, garlic, ricotta, anchovy filet - - tastes exactly as it sounds
- Crostini with fresh ricotta with silan syrup - - - sweet and fluffy
- The Bacaro Burger - open-faced with a cute fried egg on top. yom
- Grilled Hanger Steak - - cooked perfectly medium rare, an explosion of flavor with just the right amount of sea salt and option of squeezing a slice of fresh lemon on the slices. 

I had two glasses of Moscato D'asti, can't really go wrong there, and BF enjoyed a glass of white, mas neuf or something or other, he couldn't really pronounce it ;) 

NO complaints and simply had a great time and great food from start to finish.  I'm usually more critical but when someone does it right... it's just right.  Will be back for sure!
Went here because they were having the $100 steak and lobster deal.  Was very exciting reading all these raving reviews about this place.  We had the crab cakes for appetizer, which were excellent.  The salad was a big disappointment, as it was plain and just plain nasty.  Also, the lobster that came with this meal was WAYYY bigger than I had imagined.  The lobster was soft and juicy and cook to perfection.  But the steak left something to be desired.  The steak was overcooked (ordered medium, came out medium wellish) wasn't tender at all and tasted like nothing.  I'm a steak lover and know what good steak is... and this wasn't it!!! All in all the total experience wasn't all that bad as the atmosphere was great and the service was phenomenal.   But don't go here to expect a GREAT steak.
GlasshalFull is very a classy upscale place with bottles of vino for sale on one side with rather high prices.  The menu is limited to a few starters and a few items of seafood, a few under meat and some under vegetables.  GlassHalFull tries to be a tapas bar.  Ordered the fried Brussels sprouts and scallops entree.  I liked the brussels sprouts very much.  The scallops were cooked nicely on top of sweet potato puree.  Waitress was nice and accommodating and gave us plenty of time to decide what to order.  

Food A
Staff B
Decor C
Location C
Health Inspection Grade 96.0
since it opened this has been one of my favorite places but I'm dropping it off my list after my last visit. The food was ok, the service was terrible, and the ambiance was dreary. We were in a little room upstairs which at first we thought of as 'cosy', but then realized it was just dreary, like having dinner in a large closet. The waiter was loud and too full of himself, and made several mistakes, bringing the wrong appetizer and then the wrong bill. So many better places to go these days.
Just wanted to put a disclaimer here that this review is solely based on their Tuesday Steak Night. 

Stephen Y and I haven't been to any restaurants that offer "Steak Night", so we decided to check out Cova after hearing some good reviews. Every Tuesday night, they offer a steak and shrimp (surf and turf) dinner for $14.99/person. They grill up a 10oz. New York Strip, a couple grilled shrimps, and herbed potatoes. 

The ordered my steak medium rare, and I thought the steak was just okay - nothing special. I can make a better steak, but it's cheap so I understand. The shrimp had a garlic, pesto sauce on them which was pretty good. Overall, I thought the herbed potatoes were the best part of the meal. 

I know this place is a wine bar and that is their specialty, but I really wanted a coke that day to go with my steak, but they told me they didn't serve coke! What restaurant doesn't serve soft drinks? 

I probably would not come back again for their steak night. However, I would come back to enjoy a bottle or glass of wine for a low-key night.
A winner, one of my new favorite restaurants. Can eat healthy but tasty (or not so healthy if you feel like it). Great atmosphere, extremely friendly and knowledgeable service. Interesting menu. Very very flavorful.
I was a little nervous about taking my boyfriend here for his birthday since I had never been, but I needn't have worried. It was fantastic.

We went for Beefsteak Sunday, which is the first Sunday of every month when for $25 per person you get all you can eat steak, potatoes, beer, and wine. They won major points with me because they were willing to bring me a cheese plate instead, since I'm a vegetarian. 

The cheese was awesome, and my boyfriend was very happy with the steak. This vegetarian was tempted to try it because it looked so good. They brought us a basket of just potatoes since I kept eating his. The meat and potatoes keep coming until you ask them to stop or until you fall off your stool, whichever happens first.

The wine was phenomenal, and they took the time to talk about it at each table. I wish I could remember what it was - the white was a Torrontes from Argentina in a cardboard eco-friendly "bottle'" and it was AMAZING. They brought us our own bottles of red and white, as well as beer. I was a happy and tipsy girl.

My only complaint is that we got seated a little late because the 5:30 crew was slow to finish and leave. When I do Beefsteak Sunday again, I'll go at 5:30 instead of 8. 

Great place, love the atmosphere, and the staff were fantastic. I think the two guys there were the owners, but I'm not sure. 

I can't wait to go back and try their regular menu. Highly recommend Beefsteak Sunday - grab some friends and go! It's family style, so don't be surprised if you're seated with other folks if there are just one or two of you.
I love Daisys. It's my favorite local watering hole, and one with class at that. It's the kind of place that looks stellar while offering a super laid back atmosphere. 

* Outdoor seating in nice weather is where you want to be.
* A glass of wine on their comfy leather couches or at a dark wood hightop are like a welcoming hug in the cold months.
* Recently hired a new chef, and his new menu is and good mix of small and dinner plates.
* Burgers are some of the best in the area, IMHO. I've had the regular and kobe. They both come with homemade french fries that are thin, crispy and salty.
* Bar service can be slow (depending on the crowd and waiter), but it's never bothered me as the atmosphere is one that makes you want to sit back and take a moment. And even still, 8 times out of 10 the service is not slow.
* New owner has done a bang up job of giving the place new life; new menu, new seating, and new drink specials! The crowd of regulars continues to grow.
* Happy hour specials every day, and Tuesdays is half price drinks all evening, which you cannot beat.
* Great crowd, between Daisys and Bacchus below.
* The waitstaff is awesome.
For all that's holy in this world, someone open something like Vinology somewhere closer than 600 miles from my home.

I have nothing negative to say about Vinology and lest you think I don't get out often and maybe I was just happy to not be eating a frozen entree pulled from a freezer, oh no. You couldn't be, uh, well, wronger. Food-wise, and drink-wise, I get around. in fact, I'm kinda a food whore, yeah, I said it. 

In the course of less than two hours, I checked off my mental grade card of Vinology:
- Genuinely friendly service
- A great wine selection, from which we all chose the same organic pinot (and then another round of the same)
- Two vegan appetizers
- One unique entree of Winter Tamales

For the sake of full disclosure and to prove I'm capable of critical thinking, the tamales were a little drier than I thought they should be. But! I ate them and enjoyed them none-the-less.

Can not wait to get back to Ann Arbor and Vinology.
I've been here a number of times and tried to call a day before for a large party (of seven people) for dinner. The receptionist said that she could not take reservations more than a day in advance. I explained to her that tomorrow is exactly one day in advance. She didn't understand this concept and rudely blew me off, telling me that my party would have to come in there and then wait for a table. I'm not going to deal with that for a business meeting for seven people.
*HAPPY HOUR REVIEW

I hate bad service. Not only is this have the slowest service known to man kind but the food isn't that great either. They have mediocre food and no sauce to dip there fries in except ketchup & hot mustard. No ranch? What.. come on. As for the drinks, they are fairly priced for happy hour. You can get a Margarita pitcher for about $12, I think (which can serve up to 3.5 people). Wine is about $7 same for sangria, I think.

Still, that doesn't make up for their crappy slow service.

Warning - the Calamari is NOT good here. Taste fishy (which is probably means its old) and weird. 

If you do decide to dine here, the kobe burgers are good as well as their mac and cheese. Pretty tasty.
First time there and felt like home. Laid back athmosphere, we weren't given the stink "smells-like-poors" eye you can get at some grand caca places. We had a bottle of moscato wine, the humboldt fog, camembert and other cheeses with figs and bread service. About $47 for 2. Good musical taste some of the milder stones and led zepplin stuff and some newer indie folks. If Bacaro was a person, I'd have goose bumps and good nights.
CROWD FAVORITE and I can see why! 

I really connected with this cool hole in the wall and the happy hour menu that came with. 

This place is dressed in all dark features: floor to ceiling chalkboard walls plastered with big writing listing out different wines, beers and other beverages. 

A key interior feature is of course the wine bottle ceiling. You'll also quickly notice the other creative wine bottle lighting and furnishings around. There are lots of small wooden panel tables for two that can be pieced together like a puzzle, which means this place has the flexibility for larger parties (also larger table seating in the adjacent area). 

M-TH 5-7PM: 5$ tapas and housemade Sangria specials!

FOOD to share:
* Cauliflower with Chipotle Aioli: smoky, spicy, slightly tangy...take note, this will make you like your veggies / cauliflower! 
* Fried Egg Pizza: thin, potentially flaky crisp crust, super soft, barely set egg on cheese and something green. 
* Poached Shrimp with lots of basil and Sweet Chili Sauce: good shrimp swimming in lots of sweeter-than-spicy (or tangy) chili sauce; slightly reminiscent of something Asian, and the basil...win!
* Eggplant stuffed Lamb with Lemon Garlic Emulsion: such a memorable concoction! there's a slice of fried lemon that totally adds to the cheese-topped eggplant lamb. The lemon and garlic emulsion is the perfect component to this. Enough said. 

* dessert / Panini with Bicycle Honey Wheat Bread, Nutella and Banana: sweet sandwich grilled? yes. not too sweet and the best part, they use bicycle bread! love that co. 

Seats are pretty comfy but if you sit along the central small tables and long booth area, you'll be cozy close to your neighbors...in which case, makes for the proper time and place to stare and point, ooo and ahh about what other people are ordering.
WOW! I LOVE their food!
I have never had a bad meal here.  If you like steakhouses you HAVE to try this place, it's by far my favorite in SD.  The meat is tender, flavorful and simply prepared.  My favorite thing to order is the tenderloin medallions with sea scallops.  This plate of heaven is usually a "special" but every time I've been they've had it so I don't know why it's considered a "special"!?  It doesn't matter, as long as they keep serving it, I'll keep ordering it!  The sides are AWESOME-try the chipoltle mac and cheese or the shoe-string potato fries-both are to die for!
I had eaten at the original Fleming's in Newport Beach when I lived down there but this was my first visit to their Palo Alto location.

The interior of the restaurant is beautiful with subdued lighting and warm wood tones. I especially liked the over-sized glass light fixtures above the dining room.

Their house bread is like a seeded baguette, served warm with herbed feta cheese and sundried tomato spreads. Both were OK but I prefer plain butter which they were happy to bring to the table.

I started with the French onion soup which had both gruyere and parmesan baked on top. It was in a square bowl which was unusual but the soup itself was almost perfect in flavor, consistency and temperature. 

My friend had their caesar which was spot on. I'm getting that next time.

For entrees we both ordered the bone-in filet which I had never seen on any menu but was absolutely one of THE best filets I've ever had. I ordered mine medium and it was cooked to perfection. The bone definitely imparted more flavor that I'm used to with a filet (I usually order a rib-eye) and I ate every bit of it.

You have your choice of sauces and we went with the madeira and their F-17. The madeira was good but I loved the F-17. It was a sweet and tangy, slighty spicy but the perfect complement to the steak. They also have bernaise and chimichurri but we didn't try those.

For sides we had the Fleming's potatoes which were creamier and less spicy than I remember from Newport Beach. It is flavored with jalapenos but there were thankfully mild in this batch. We also had the "half and half" which was comprised of their double-cut shoestring fries and signature onion rings. Not sure what "double-cut" refers to but the fries were delicious and so were the onion rings.

No room left for dessert but maybe next time.

This place isn't cheap (~$200 for the two of us and that only included two cocktails) but definitely worth the price. The service was also excellent. I will post a few of the pictures I got as soon as I post this.
Amazing food + 1/2 off wine on Monday = win!
We need more of the unexpected in the USC University Park Neighborhood - and this was definitely different. Moderately priced wine and beer in a understated but hip and somehow elegant atmosphere. Tapas and more tapas to sample. The owners and chefs coming right to your table to disagree with you about which wine you're drinking is the best. And after a leisurely two and a half hour lunch, you realize you'll never be able to go there on your lunch break again but you loved the pace anyway.
I just love this place!  They do it all right.  I always get the Butternut Squash Tortelloni when I go and their bread pudding is to die for!!! Brunch is also great...you MUST try the Lemon Curd Griddle Toast if you know what's good for you.  The best time to go is for Happy Hour which happens twice a day Mon - Sat.  I don't go for the drinks, I go for the food...$4.00 Kobe Corn Dogs anyone?  It's best to go with friends, order a lot (or one of everything...) and share.  You won't regret it.  Above all, I love the service here.  They are professional and put the cherry on top of this dining experience.  Brynn is my favorite waitress, she always delivers impeccable service with a smile...ask for her next time you go.  She'll show you why this is such a great place to dine....
Shay's is a fabulous little bar.  Nothing pretentious.  Nothing fancy.  And they have cider, a non beer drinker's best friend.  Shay's is one of those places I always forget about until I see the line outside Grendel's- it will be completely empty at that point, while people are trying to cram into the Den.  I can sit down, have a pint, and have a great time with the group of folks I came with.  

Although it does have the fabulous outside seating, I actually prefer Shay's in the winter months.  Less people and it's quite cozy and comfortable inside.  The only thing that would make Shay's better is if it were just a little further off Harvard Square so as to not attract 1) Tourists and 2) Morons.
WOW! 
Brought my father-in-law here for his 85th Birthday.Amazing steak and lobster special. Stuffed to the max, and I can't rave enough about the awesome service. Manager, Tyler and server, Danielle took excellent care of us. They even gave dad a special little dessert to take home in a gold box.  It takes a lot to impress dad, and they did it.

Started with cocktails: Apple blueberry tini, and rum/cokes. slurping good
Appetizers - oysters, calamari, ravioli, and some kind of paper thin beef
Steak - cooked to perfection, melt-in-your-mouth beef
lobster - juicy with just the right amount of butter
Desserts - OMG: key lime pie, creme bruelle, chocolate caramel, ice cream

Wonderful atmosphere.  Thank you for making Dad's 85th memorable!
I happen to dine here hours before heading to Napa Valley and I must say the name deserves the title unlike most places. An extensive wine list and a very Northern California winery vibe leads you to forget your in the middle of West Los Angeles. 

The appetizers are tasty and a steal at happy hour (half price) along with a nice wine list like I said. The kobe beef  corn dogs are delicious and the appetizer that really sticks out. 

Service here was so/so, it took us forever to get anything including the check and we were their when the place was hardly busy so no excuses could really be made. This forced me to remove a star from their rating. 

My other problem is parking in Westwood, forget about it! Unless your looking to dine on a weekday at 10pm you won't have an easy time parking. Shoot for Happy Hour attendance only as I couldn't imagine paying double the price for the food we ordered.
Went here on Monday night for the hapy hour.  For Monday happy hour, the food is $5 and wine is half off.  Service can be slow and the wine is allright.  However, the food is excellent and can't be beat for the price. They also have a good selection of beers and the bread pudding dessert is awesome.
This is a Happy Hour Review Only:

I have been here a couple of times for the Happy Hour.  If I just want to sit and enjoy a drink with some friends and am in no rush then I don't mind poor service; which is what they have here.  They also have pretty good food and drinks for reasonable prices as long as you stay on the Happy Hour Menu.  Veer off and you're paying 2 or 3 times that amount.

I gave it two stars because when I was there on Friday night the service was extra poor.  The waitress wasn't helpful and had kind of an attitude.  Even when we ordered a whole bottle of Champagne she didn't seem to care.  Then when we were the last ones in the place, instead of simply asking us to leave which we were expecting, the guy behind the bar started singing a song about people leaving.  I suppose that was his way of hinting that we should excuse ourselves, but why not just ask?  When I was leaving I gave him a stare and he said "oh thanks for coming" pretending like he wasn't just a complete a$$h*le.

Anyway, if you're looking for no lines, no crowds and just a place to chill with your friends with bad service, this is the place!
Service at La Jolla restaurants is always hit or miss. You can tell when the staff hasn't been given the empowerment they need to serve the customers. You can also tell when they have not gotten the proper screening or training. When that happens, I always head to Flemings where you're always guaranteed stellar personal service along with fantastically prepared and presented foods. They have an interesting wine list, too, and sometimes I'll settle for a comfortable meal at the bar with friends.
i love this place. it's like a dream come true and it's so close to school. we waited next door at the ragazzi room until they opened at 5pm and we were the first ones there, just chilling out and enjoying happy hour. the crostini's were delicious and they had chimay, my fave. i also took home a panini for my bro, who devoured it in 10 seconds flat. crostini, two beers, a panini for around $20 something dollars. yum!
OH MY FLIPPIN HELL!!!  THIS PLACE IS OFF THE CHAINS!!!  

Walking into Flemings (for me) is like walking into a Four Seasons Hotel....all the hosts/hostess' greeted our troop immediatly and quickly sat us down.   The servers (tonight ours was Ruby and she was definitly patient, funny and attentive) tag teamed to ensure our table was comfortable and quite frequently checked to see if we needed anything else (whether it was more information on the wines, description of the foods, or just water)....To prove my point of how attentive, and efficient  they are:  one of our guests stepped away to the restroom, upon her return she found her water refilled and her napkin nicely folded on the table.  I was amazed because she was sitting right next to me;  I cant believe I didnt notice when the waiter did that (also proves how NON-disruptive they are to guests as they chat and dine)... I'm still trippin...That was smooth.

Anyways, after my friend had returned to the table, she mentioned how beautiful and clean the restroom was except for the first stall where (no offense to the guys) she said, "the first stall looks like a guy with bad aim visited the ladies room".   One of the managers who was passing by heard this comment and immediatly sought out someone to fix the problem...boy they work quick around here!

The ambiance of the restaurant is so romantic, sexy, warm, inviting...loved how the lights were slightly dimmed- played off the warm reds and ambers of the wall really well....

Loved how the kitchen is open for all to see and especially loved that the chefs (well 2 of the  sous chefs) came by to see how our  food was...they even indulged us with brief conversation on various subjects (mostly re: flemings menu).  

The menu...we had a delicious wine i forget the name but i do remember it was a 285 bottle...one of the mgrs, sean, picked it out for us...yummm....he even gave me a proper lesson as to how to properly pour wine for guests (learn something new everyday...bet some of some ya'll, like me, didnt know there was a proper way).... the sweet chili calamari..no joke..the best calamari i've had in my life!!! and i love calamari and have it everywhere!! its a must have..., the spinach portabello salad was to die for, the vinagrette was amazing and the goat cheese was a great accent (a great tid bit learned from the staff??  the cheese sits in a brine for 3 days to create the wonderful taste/texture before it is fried)  really this salad is a must try....i was in heaven...we had the flemings potatoes which was good, not my cup of tea but when i brought home the leftovers to my bro, he was floored and gobbled it up...i guess its a matter of personal preference... we also had the best sugar snap peas ever!!!!! soy chili glaze on perfectly cooked(crisp) snap peas....delicious!!!  do try!  next we enjoyed the in-bone new york steak...melted in my mouth!  and such a generous portion, i could only eat about 1/4 of my steak, on recommendation we ordered the trio of sauces (bearnaise, medeira, and peppercorn)-i found the steak to be best w/out any of the sauces but if i had to recommend a sauce it would be peppercorn because it plays well with natural spices they cook on the meat.....And then to top it all off, we ordered the dessert sampler, where a little bit of everything they offer on the dessert menu are beautfully placed.... Again..heaven...yum!!!  

Overall my whole experience was awesome!  The food was fabulous and I would definitly go back, perhaps take my mother out for a nice dinner...

Loved the service, excellent food, and friendly/knowledgeably/courteous staff... 5 stars baby!!!
Love the happy hour - half off all wines by the glass and 5 dollar dishes but honestly food was just OK. everything was pretty buttery and heavy, even drinking 5 glasses of super dry reds didn't help to wash down the fat. wish they used the proper wine glasses for red, white and dessert.. i'm very big on presentation, drinking red wine out of a tiny white wine glass just doesn't do it...
Let me say that this is probably the best piece of steak I've ever had. Way better then the steak i had at Harris Steak House in San Francisco. I ordered the Prime In bone NY Steak strip, and had it ordered rare. The steak was rare( not more, not less..it was perfect), it was really tender, had great flavor to it. The bread was probably the second best thing i had there.. bread and butter.. it was omg.. i can't even explain it. The sauteed  mushrooms was delightful as well as the broccoli with hollandaise sauce (but i wish they would cut the broccoli smaller, and not in one clump). The service was excellent, but i was our waitress, was easier to be seen so i could get some help, seem like she was disappear for a little bit.

I would come back here any time.. wish they had one in nor cal .
After four visits, Cova on Kirby is turning into one of my favorite Houston haunts. 

As a wine bar/retail wine shop, Cova boasts a great selection of wine, and since you can be pretty assured that you won't run into anything sub par, you feel comfortable experimenting with unknown vineyards, regions, and varieties. The wines by the glass change every week, so there's always something new, and the wine flights are a great deal (the prices may look a little high, but you get three generous 2-3 oz pours). The best part is that, when I find a wine I really like, I can buy a bottle to take home and have it added to my dinner/bar bill. You can order any bottle to drink on-site for a $10 corking fee, which is a much lower mark-up per bottle than you'd get most other places.

Equally important, the food is FANTASTIC. I've tried about half the menu so far, and the grilled shrimp with avocado panna cotta and the scallops with spinach and corn butter are both out of this world. I love that you can order the tapas size so you don't need to commit to a full plate. My boyfriend has also said that the pork loin is delicious. 

I guess I can see how people would find the food pretentious, but I completely disagree. I think if you are used to higher-end restaurants, you'll find the food sophisticated, but not affected or over-the-top.

The cheese plate was the only food item I wasn't particularly impressed with--the selection is ok, but the portions are very small. We got four cheeses for $15, and with two of us, we barely got a taste of each cheese. 

Some people seem to have found the service "snooty," but I've had great experiences every time--friendly, attentive, pleasant, not-overbearing service. We once had a glass of red wine broken on our table during dinner (did not get on our clothes), but that incident was handled very well (both the server and manager offered effusive and genuine apologies, we were moved to a different table, new replacement entrees came out of the kitchen quickly, and our food was free). I don't know what more you can ask for when that type of honest fumble happens.
We just got back from a Restaurant Week dinner here.  Food--excellent, ambience--pleasant, service--great.

For our $25 prix fixe menu, I got the thai spring rolls, salmon roulade, and candy bar.  The spring rolls were so tasty, and beautifully presented. You get two smallish rolls in a large peanut and cabbage salad with dressing.  It felt like a big portion, and every bite was delicious.  The salmon roulade initially struck me as strange (it looked like a portion of lobster!), but it was yummy and came with lots of little extras--crispy sushi rice, a corn and edamame salad, and some drizzly goodness.  Each bite had layers.  Finally, the candy bar.  Holy shit.  Can I say that here?  I mean, seriously.  It was incredible.  It's not a regular menu item (I asked), and as far as I know the owner doesn't have plans to sell it in stores (If you're reading this, Mr/Ms Owner, seriously, right now, start selling this.  It puts Zang bars to shame.).  It's just... damn.  Cinammony, maybe nutmegy?  A nougat covered in dark chocolate, some pistachio mash, some fresh whipped cream with homemade potato chips.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  I may need to change my shirt.  This dessert, alone, is worth the $25 dinner.  I mean, not really, but you know what I mean?

It's hard to follow that, I know, but my boyfriend also really enjoyed his meal.  He got the same spring rolls, but then got the chicken entree.  It was like a juicy fried chicken.  For the dessert, cheesecake.  A small portion, but tasty, with a nice fresh caramel drizzle on the plate.

So, lovely.

Why not 5 stars?  It's expensive, and I withhold my 5s for really breathtaking meals. The candy bar here was 5-star level, the spring rolls were pretty close, but the other pieces were happy 4s.
I've been a fan of Fleming's for years, and usually eat there 6-7 times per year.  The last couple times, however, I've been disappointed.  My recent visit sealed it for me and I will not dine there again, unless someone else (i.e Vendor) is paying.  My filet was not tender and had tendon-like fat within the filet.  We ordered a side dish of asparagus, and the portion was pathetic.  In the past, they've always been generous.  When we asked, they stated they were decreasing most portions to prepare for the requirement to state calories for each dish.  Hmmm...well...that's OK, as long as they decrease the price as well.  And the wedge salad was also smaller that recent experiences and the dish was not optically pleasing.   I hope that this location, serving a discriminating customer base (Palo Alto) will not follow the corporate direction.
This is my second time back here and it is my favorite place in the area. Being a student at USC, this is the perfect place for me to kick back with my friends, have wine and great food at great prices. Quality of food, service, ambience is superb. 
-Ambience is great
-Fabulous wines
-small plates so you can order a lot to try and share with your friends
I had:
-bacaro burger: good meat, I like it with the fried egg on top
-pork belly skewers: unreal, but I love pork belly so its hard to go wrong for me. Some of the skewers were a little overcooked
-beets
-cauliflower: this was my FAVORITE! A must try! Their house sauce is to DIE for!! They bottle it up now and sell it there, Im going home with a ton of it!!
- didn't try any deserts because we were so full, but the desert menu looked amazing as well.
Review #300!
Great service and delicious food. Just glad I wasn't paying! Looking at ~$100 per person. As with all steaks, I must compare to Peter Luger's in NYC. My T-bone hit the spot, but it was no Luger porterhouse. The wine from Justin Vineyards was a big hit at our table. Will definitely return for a special occasion or when someone else is paying.
I went here twice. Once with the kids and once with out. I dont think I will go back. Too expensive for what you get and the food was just ok. Just my opinion, the place is always packed.
This is exactly what I would have opened had the gumption to open a lounge. Intimate, amazing beer, food, BEST cupcakes in town and an atmosphere that transports me to a European cafe (minus the cigarette smoke)  You have to try try their Menage Tray! Not sure if I am spelling it right, but it is a tray of Nutella, Goat Cheese, Sea Salt and Toasted Baguette! The best thing EVER! A+++ for the Granada!
It's time for Ann Arbor to rediscover this place. 

Vinology has improved dramatically in the past two years. This is Ann Arbor's best dining experience with an extensive wine list, a seasonal menu, and locally-sourced foods (when possible).

Tonight's meal started with a generous portion of the White Salad, prepared with frise, jicama, pear, lychee, mushroom, and fennel. It was topped with a delicious champagne vinaigrette. Seriously, the portions of the salads were huge. I would be tempted to come here for an appetizer or two and then indulge in the salads.

The main entree was the Roasted Venison Loin with quark spaetzle, brussels sprouts, bacon, huckleberries, braised cabbage, and topped with a white peppercorn sauce. The sweetness of the huckleberries with the earthiness of the brussels sprouts made for a surprisingly good combination. 

What I love about Vinology is that you can order half-plates and full plates for each entree. Personally, the half plates are perfect for enjoying a full course meal that includes an appetizer, a salad, an entree, and dessert at the end. I wish more restaurants would do this so that you are not wasting food.

Finally, the meal ended with an Aztec Pave, this gourmet s'more-like morsel of yumminess inspired by the Yucatan. This spicy chocolate mousse-like dessert that included a guajillo chile marshmallow. It was truly the highlight of my meal and nearly moved me to tears.

To top it off, the service was impeccable tonight. I've complained about service in the past, but it has changed. For a last meal as an Ann Arbor resident, I couldn't have asked for a better experience. 

When I return home, I plan to return to Vinology. When others ask about where to eat in Ann Arbor, Vinology will top the list.
Ok, not as good as Morton's. I have gone here twice, and both times were screwy! First time was for a wedding reception and they totally ignored us. The second time I went with my husband for our 4 year wedding anniversary, and it was the worst service. Obviously my rating is geared towards service. Food was great...but still like my steaks from Morton's.
Prime Burger for $6??! That's right, as long as you catch happy hour before 7pm!

Burger comes with bacon, cheese, and onion fries. I definitely recommend the blue cheese. Plus there's nice outdoor seating.
Met my man here late on a weekday night after a show. They were closing the bar at midnight, and the bartender was not that thrilled that I showed up. Still, I was surprised they had $2 PBR (here, really?) and that atmosphere was really nice. Not sure how eager I am to come back, but not a bad experience. 3.5 stars
Stopped here for a bite to eat on my way home from the airport.  I had a very nice dinner at the downstairs bar.  The bartender Beckey was excellent and the food was great.  I am a big fan of Olives and they have quite a varied selection....not seen to often.  Worth a stop.
They started strong but haven't really kept up with the times. Throwing sundried tomatoes on everything doesn't make your food modern, it makes you look like your restaurant is stuck in 1998. Some of the dishes are quite tasty but the menu needs revamping, stat. Also, and I know this is nitpicky, but there are a lot of typos and straight-up errors on the menus, e.g. referring to St. Germain as an elderberry liqueur (it is elderflower).
The nutella pizza (dessert) is wonderful. The cheese & meat plate (it has a fancier name on the menu) always has an amazing selection - I always intend to write them down and remember them for later but I never do.

Whenever I try an unusual pasta dish I'm usually disappointed, but the lasagna is always perfect. I've been here more often for brunch, and it's lovely.
this was my second time to flemings and it still has to be the best. i doubt i will ever find another place that'll replace anytime soon. i already wrote a review about the location in irvine but had to write something here since i was just there. the crackers? omg...the best crackers ever! like i said about the other location...flemings is a MUST for all of my socal trips.
For this past Father's Day, we decided to go to Fleming's Steakhouse near the Stanford Shopping Center.  

I had been to Fleming's on an occasion before and had relatively luke-warm feelings.  Although the ambiance was fine and the food good, the service could be a bit uneven and the value wasn't really there.  Even a promotional menu of filet mignon and frozen lobster tail hadn't impressed.  

Flash forward to this Sunday and we finally found what we believe to be Fleming's sweet spot.  Available only on Sundays, the Prime Rib dinner special was a perfect choice for my family and a great deal to boot.  I don't recall this being available my first visit and am not sure how long they've had this, but it appears they now serve prime rib only on Sunday.

The special consists of a choice of salad, 12 ounce prime rib, 1 side dish, and a dessert for $35.  Given that a salad is ~$9, a side is ~$10, and a dessert is ~9, you are essentially paying $7 for the prime rib.  A spectacular deal!

The flexibility is great as well.  For the salad, you can choose among the Caesar Salad ($8.50), Wedge ($9.50), or the Fleming's Salad ($9.50).  Similar choice exists for the sides, all of which range from $8.50 - $11, and include such choices as sauteed mushrooms, Fleming's potatoes, baked potatoe, Chipotle mac and cheese, creamed corn, creamed spinach, etc.  All sides and salad for this meal were the original size, not babied down versions like at the Sundance early-bird special.  

The prime rib was very good and included three sauces (horseradish, au jus, and another sour brown sauce that I didn't recognize).  Medium rare to perfection, the 12 ounce portion was definitely generous like the humongous sides.  Do this meal special with more than 2 people and you're rocking enough sides to feed everyone and then some.  

The dessert selection consists of the entire dessert menu as well and we opted for several decadent and sweet desserts.  Again, with all the included items, this is a spectacular value and the prime rib holds it's own against the many competitors in the area.  My prime rib go-to list is now:

1) Alexander's Steakhouse (the best prime rib, but pricey)
2) Fleming's Prime Steakhouse (fantastic value, very good prime rib)
3) House of Prime Rib (an institution but no last minute reservations)
3) San Mateo Prime (underrated and consistent)
4) Sundance Steakhouse (the early bird is a steal, but inconsistent)
5) Broadway Prime (seen better days, resting on laurels now)

Again, I highly recommend  the prime rib special at Fleming's and urge you to try while it's available.   It's nice to see Fleming's price things very competitively, both in this economy and to deal with the many steakhouse restaurants out there.  As an added bonus for Father's Day, we got a $25 gift card for our dad compliments of the restaurant.  Nice touch!  

Fleming's Steakhouse happily accepts American Express.
Have to admit - seeing that Fleming's is a chain, I wasn't expecting much.  Ruth's Chris pretty much turned me off of chain steaks, but for a work dinner in the wine room, I figured it couldn't hurt :-)

And......verdict.....great!

The fillet was perfectly cooked, and had just the right amount of fat/meat ratio.  Simply dressed and perfectly tasty.

The scalloped potatoes with jalapenos and a massive amount of cheese are divine!  Creamed corn was boring.

The service was incredibly on the spot, and really made our evening.

Tasted a friend's salmon, and it was perfectly seasoned and grilled.  Too many places mess up salmon, and the natural salmoness was preserved beautifully here.

Very impressed, and am looking forward to another event here!
happy hour is very nice here if you don't mind jockeying for position for open seats.  it's kinda like when people hover in their cars in parking garages waiting for an open spot.  when you do get seated, the drinks are better than average and the prices are very reasonable.  why only 3 stars?  if you order the tasty burger, which comes with fries, and ask for a couple of slices of tomato instead of the fries, you get charged extra!  wtf?  this is the only joint i've ever been to that does this.  anyway, the food and drinks are ok, although there are quite a few better happy hours in the palo alto area that are more relaxed, with as good or better drinks and food.
This place is a gem in ithaca. Professional, nice atmosphere, and most importantly, great food!

It's expensive but I'll take it for homemade pastas. Everything was just as good or better than I expected and that's all I ask for if I'm paying for a fancy dinner. Everyone I ate with finished their plate.
I just visited Granada for the first time and I was very impressed.  The location is small and cozy, with seating for about 12 ppl.  Granada offers imported wines (nothing local), a few select beers (also imports) on tap, and a limited menu.

The ambience is fantastic, with comfortable seating and an excellent soundtrack in the background.  The decorations are retro-, jazz bar.  I especially liked that each guest is served a unique wine glass.

Wine choices range from the very economical to the quite expensive.  I tried 3 wines, and they all were excellent, but the Cotes-du-Rhone was particularly good -- hurry, the owner will frequently rotate her offerings!

I haven't tried the food (I'll update when I have), but the offerings can best be described as light fare.  Choices are limited, but I suspect the menu will evolve.

The biggest advantage is that this is just about the only non-meat-market, non-college-student bar/nightspot in town.  The biggest disadvantage is the very small size (can easily get overcrowded).

So far, so good.  Keep it up, Kim!
Solid wine bar/tapas style that is very intimate yet hip.  It would be 5-stars but the place is small and there may be times where you wait for a while.  However, they do allow you to hang out at the "bar" and begin your order.  They do not frown on sampling wine as some other places will.  

They were recently on Living Social which was a great deal.  Never mind the "bad" area as it is usually filled with local USC students or folks who have discovered this gem.
bacaro is the kind of place you want in your neighborhood--a casual, unpretentious wine bar with delicious small bites. i sure wish it were in mine. the beauty of italian food is its simplicity, and though the food here is more mediterranean-inspired meets gourmet pub grub, it leaves you with the same comfort food satisfaction.

except for the leeks that came with the seared scallops being overly salted, i'd recommend most of the cicheti that we tasted. they include:

bruschetta w/ roasted red peppers & white beans - you get a choice of two different bruschetta from their selection. classic, tangy vinegar marinated toppings on crispy bread. they were as good as they looked: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bluepupae/3396909460/in/set-72157616007154301/

crostinis: chevre w/ dill, ricotta w/ olive tapenade, & mascarpone w/ sun dried tomato pesto - all were great creamy, soft cheeses paired with a salty and/or sweet spread on slices of crunchy french bread. photo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bluepupae/3396098083/in/set-72157616007154301/

artichokes, parmesan - fresh artichokes topped with parmesan and browned. photo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bluepupae/3396097327/in/set-72157616007154301/

estancia grass-fed beef burger - bacaro's version of a burger. a quality piece of juicy, smoky meat on a thick slice of toast with sweet carmelized onions, heaped with a creamy sauce with a slight kick. thank goodness i could eat it with a fork. photo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bluepupae/3396096455/in/set-72157616007154301/

i will definitely come back to try their vast, ever-changing selection of wines, cicheti and their sunday all you can eat steak special. for the quality of food and drink you get, this place is also a great deal, especially compared to what they charge at other restaurants for similar food. even the wine is reasonable.
Really charming little wine bar. It is authentically Italian in its simplicity and ease of comfort. Anyone can just walk right in this place, not knowing a thing about Italian wine, and enjoy a reasonably priced glass of something great. If one of the two owners are there, they are really knowledgeable about the wines and the waitstaff is pretty friendly and helpful as well.
The ambiance is great. There are a handful of small, hardwood tables that can easily be squished together for larger groups and the menu is cleverly written on their chalkboard wall. Take a look up at the ceiling next time you're there and check out the awesome wine-bottle-light-fixtures. 
Their brunch is banging. The selection is wide from braised beef cheek to a burger or just plain ol' grits. The last two times I went they offered sangria and a blood orange mimosa as the morning libation. Both were outstanding.
Also, be sure to visit the restaurant when they do Beefsteak Sunday. It's an all-you-can-eat-and-drink of wine/beer and steak and potatoes for $25. Does life get any better than that?!
My favorite first date spot. It's the perfect cozy, dimly lit little nook to grab a pint and not have your conversation be overwhelmed by music or a noisy crowd. 

And though I do love my dive bars, I don't consider Shay's to be in that realm. Great for some good beer and friendly conversation, take your date here and they're sure to swoon!
The wine selection focuses on quantity NOT quality. We tasted 8 reds by the glass and each one was either skunked, corked, or simply very stale.  

The food was barely cafeteria quality.  They are on the 3rd chef - we tried the 1st & 3rd.  Both served up really poor food!

The management clearly needs to simply go back to the drawing board.  The facade of a name does not make a wine bar.
This was my favorite spot when I lived in Harvard Square.  Its cozy and the patio is the best spot around on warm days and nights.  Everyone raves about the burgers, but every time I go I get the turkey club on french bread.  When made by the dreadlocked girl (what's her name?) it is heaven on earth. She is a sandwich making goddess.   If someone else is in the kitchen, its almost as tasty.

They are usually understaffed so service is slow, but its the kind of place to chill and take your time, so no big deal.  An added bonus, Stella beer always comes with a Stella glass, which makes it all the more enjoyable.  They must be perpetually stocked.  Which reminds me, people, stop stealing Stella glasses from bars!
I went to Bacaro with my husband this past weekend after seeing a very positive review on the Phantom Gourmet. I'm also a huge tapas fan so the concept of Italian tapas seemed intriguing. We arrived for an 8:00 reservation and were seated promptly upstairs. This is the more desirable seating area as you can see the view of Providence from the large windows which line each wall. There is also an open kitchen which adds to the atmosphere.  The first thing I noticed about the restaurant is how loud it was. My husband and I were shouting to each other sitting just inches apart. The ceilings are very high so the acoustics aren't the best, but minor issue. We received our menus along with slips of paper to select our tapas. I ordered a glass of Prosecco with white peach puree. I'm still thinking about it! What a deliciously light and summery drink. My favorite thing about this restaurant is how inventive the menu is. They were participating in Restaurant Week, but I was so enticed by how large and unique the menu was, I had to bypass the Restaurant Week menu. We decided to order a bruschetta tapa to start which was amazing. It was your traditional crusty bread with buffalo mozzarella, roasted red pepers, a sweet balsamic reduction and wild Rocket (arugula). It doesn't sound like much, but it was delicious. We also ordered a caesar salad which was good, but it's pretty hard to mess that up. I ordered a proscuitto stuffed chicken breast which was served over sauteed beet greens, mashed potatoes and mixed greens. My husband had sea bass served over a sweet corn and tomato salad. Both were delicious. For dessert we ordered the mini ice cream sandwiches which were yummy as well. Although they could have used some type of chocolate drizzle or dollop of homemade whipped cream. In Providence there are a lot of fantastic Italian restaurants. Bacaro is something different. The dining experience is interactive with the tapas concept, while still offering an abudance of full-sized entrees for the more traditional diner. All of the food-the tapas, the cheeses & meat offerings, the appetizers, soups, salads, entrees and desserts are all so unique and different from the same-old Federal Hill style Italian menus. It's a great spot worth trying!
Awesome little wine bar and the tapas are amazing (full roasted garlic cloves on cichetti, need I say more!).  Everything is written up on a chalk board wall but the waiters are very knowledgeable about their wines and can help you pair.  The portions are enough for two and we tried 6 different dishes on the menu, all very good.  

It's a small place (maybe seats 30) so you'll want to make reservations.  I called two hours before hand and they had a free table and put a reserved sign on it for me!  The vibe is just...chill... great food, good wine...nice crowd...never too loud... and you can sit for hours without being hassled.

Highly recommend the downtown gem.
I came here for lunch multiple times. Their paninis are really tasty and original. I love the combo of flavors they put in their food. They give you this cute little salad with the sando and it's based off of what is fresh at the market which is pretty neat. Wine selection is amaaazing. Also came here for a girls night out and split a bottle that was a mix of Granache, Syrah, and Sangiovese...can't remember the name of it though. It was delicious. I have tried 3 other red wines here, all very good. The wood floors were imported from italy or something. The girls that work there are informative and kind, and the wine lounge has a great mellow atmosphere. The dj was spinning some mellow beats and I there's nothing to complain about :) I def recommend this place.
Happy hour $5 plates! I came on a Thursday night around 5:30-6pm, and thank God we did! Snatched the last table, and after us there was a huge crowd of wait at the tiny little bar HAHA sucked for them. 

First, I gotta say that the place is so so cramped. The tables are so close together that I can't leave my seat without worrying about knocking over some other table's drinks. Seriously, so close that I couldn't talk freely for fear of the next table overhearing! The whole setting was extremely uncomfortable and it was soo loud, I could hear the table of girls at the other end of the restaurant. This is the only thing that cost this place a star and that prevents me from going like everyday. Shame, cuz the idea is kind of cool. The ceiling is a bunch of wine bottles, and the beer and wine menu is written in chalk on the walls. 

Crostini
- Gorgonzola, dates, walnuts, orange honey: my favorite of the ones we had! Something about the sweetness and the slight saltiness of the cheese.
- Fresh goat cheese, balsamic endive marmalade: meh. The strong taste of goat cheese PLUS the extra sour from the balsamic was no good for me.
- Mascarpone, sun-dried tomato tapenade: also very good.
- Ricotta with Sicilian syrup: sweet but light! 

Grilled panini
- With pastrami, carmelized onions, and mozzarella. It by no means was a loaded panini, but the flavor was good. A tad greasy, but I would definitely order this again.

The Bacaro Burger
- With the fried egg on top. OMG YUMZ. Must get it with the egg. It's an open faced burger with a huge patty of meat. Ordered medium rare, but honestly, I was a little bit scared of salmonella. The beef was mostly red and squishy, and the egg was runny. But alas, I was fine. This is a must. 

Bacon & Brie pizza
- Whatever. I wouldn't order it again. It is however much bigger than I had imagined it to be when I ordered it. 


So this fed 2 people...and we almost couldn't finish! 
----------------------

UPDATE:

White pizza
- I like! Light flavors with the white sauce, bacon, scallions. 
Bacaro Mac and Cheese
- Really liked this dish too. Very cheesy, though moreso of the liquidy type of cheese.
--------------------------

UPDATE2:

I can't stand the noise anymore. It's soooooo loud in there....gave me a massive headache. Other than that, I have fallen in love with the pan seared scallops. The sauce is made from carrot puree and is absolutely delicious. The scallops are great...but $8 for 2 scallops? I'm practically letting you steal from me! Even at $5 during happy hour....almost couldn't take it. The grilled chicken breast was really really dry, the bed of risotto it came ontop of was fried so it was like McDonald's hashbrowns, and the lemon caper sauce was too sour.
Maybe I'm completely biased because I went here for the Winter Restaurant Week '11 (a three coarse meal for $25), was with a friend I love spending time with and was really excited about the whole thing

BUT everything was absolutely incredible!

First, the atmosphere is what I wish my future apartment will look like. Warm lighting, exposed brick walls and a modern hint greeted me from the bleak winter night. When I wasn't talking or listening, I was just trying to take in the world around me.

Second, the food. It not only tasted great, but was so pretty I almost didn't want to eat it. Key word being ALMOST. Here is what I devoured.

     First Course: prosciutto & Parmesan dumplings. Best dumplings I've ever had! 
     Second Course: tandoori roasted Amish chicken. Which actually came with vegetable biryani, cashew basmati, papadum, and apricot- tamarind chutney as well.
     Third Course: bougatsa/ semolina custard in crispy phyllo, coffee pot de crme, metaxa caramel. The Coffee pot de creme and phyllo didn't taste great by themselves, but putting it together was a killer combination.

Third, the service. Already mentally and sensorially damaged by indulgence, I could not comprehend the three different waiters we had who swiftly filled glasses, brought more food and asks how our experience was going.

My experience is still continuing as I digest and post this review. Vinology, you are wonderful and look forward to my next visit
Great place after work on Fridays for happy hour their menu in this time slot is really reasonable good drinks and food fun atmosphere hard to find seating in bar for happy hour guess that means its a popular place.
Hmmmm, Flemings... It makes my mouth water just thinking about it!! 

We had a fairly large party (8) when dining here. The service was very good and we were very well attended too.  

The atmosphere when you walk in, is very calm and inviting. The large selection of wine bottles that decorate the shelves between the host stand and the bar are beautiful. 

The server explained some of the cuts of beef, and gave explanations of the difference between cuts with the bone in and cuts with no bone, to some of our less experienced guests.  
We started with 2 of the cheese platters, there was a large variety of cheese  and accoutrements and 1 platter would have been plenty. 

I had a beautiful glass of Pinot that went splendidly with my bone in rib-eye... it was one of the best steaks I have ever had!!  I am drooling just thinking about it... 
Dessert was good and it helped having a larger group so we could taste a variety of sweets... the creme brule was rich and creamy with a great crunchy top

The service, food and atmosphere was wonderful, and we had a party of 8.  I am looking forward to seeing what it is like with just 2.

Kudos, for a great overall meal.
I want to really really love this place, but I can't quite get over the top.  

My fiancee and I have been here a couple of times.  The first time, we weren't sure about serving sizes, etc, so we completely over-ordered, with several salumeria selections (olives, a couple of hot plates and a couple of cold plates), a pizza for an appetizer, an entree for each of us, and a dessert ordered at the time we ordered everything else.  Almost everything we ordered was quite tasty, but near the end I was so full that I couldn't really savor the last bites.  And I do have to say that the apple tart that we had to order ahead of time wasn't that great.  Neither of us was impressed or could tell what the big deal was.  It seemed like something that could have been store bought and warmed up.

The last time we went was this past weekend.  Knowing what we knew, we limited ourselves to some more salumeria selections (spiced olives and 3 hot plates), a pizza for my dinner, and a scallops entree for her.  We finished with the assorted selection of chocolate truffles.  Not being stuffed by the end of dinner definitely helped.  We really liked the our salumeria selections, and she loved her scallops (and I enjoyed her leftovers the day after for lunch).  The crispy squid pizza I ordered was just okay, though.  I give them props for being creative, especially since pizza and calamari are two of my favorite foods.  However, the crust wasn't really crispy at all, and that definitely detracted from my enjoyment, as a thin crust pizza should be crispy and not limp in my mind.   I took some home and heated it up in my toaster oven the next day, which crisped up the crust and made it much better.  I didn't want to make a stink about it at the restaurant, because everything else was so good, but the pizza we had the first time had a crispy crust and was great, so maybe the chef was just  bit off on this one.

Anyway, as the other reviewers have said, this place can get quite pricey, especially if you aren't careful with your salumeria choices.  It's very similar to how you can spend a ton of money at a sushi place when your eyes get hungrier than your stomach and you end up putting a mark on half a dozen or more rolls.  The service is good, but not over-the-top great.  I've had better and I've definitely had worse. 

Bacaro is a somewhat unique dining experience and I'm sure it'll become part of our rotation of restaurants we visit 2-3 times per year.
What a cool little place with a quaint little patio.

Managed to snag a table outside and was surprised to see a decent wine selection priced very reasonably. It was very warm and the occasional breeze was more than welcome. A circulating fan might be a good investment, hint, hint.

Ordered the nachos to share and while they weren't the best nachos I've ever had, they were decent. Extra points scored for not skimping on the cilantro!

Service was very good. She was there when we needed her and seemed to have a server spidey sense, knowing exactly what we needed before we had to ask. For example, we were going to order a couple of glasses of water, but before we had a chance to open our mouths she appeared with water in hand. And when our nachos got down to bare chips she was there again with more salsa - kudos to you unknown server.
A-OK is the perfect description.  Was there on a client dinner - got the seafood tower appetizer.  Really good crab, shrimp, lobster, etc.  I typically don't even like shrimp but this was delicious HUGE shrimp.  The bread here is also amazing and comes with this awesome garlic butter and some kind of crazy cream cheese I didn't try - looked good though.

The steak came and was perfectly cooked, medium rare.  We got a bunch of sides that are served family style, the Flemings potatoes easily being the highlight but the sauteed spinach was really good to.  I don't like mushrooms so I tried the other sides we had but overall a good meal.  I can't say it was the best I've ever had but probably deserves 3.5 stars - recommended for sure.  Good wine too!
I hate that Yelp doesn't have the 1/2 star option. I give this place a 3.5 and I feel realllyyy guilty as I'm like one of two people not giving it at least a 4. I came here yesterday with a huge group of friends for dinner (including Janani S. who beat me by yelping this first - you whore!). They have great deals for wine. We got two bottles for about $70...not bad. I am a huge cheese snob and their cheese selection was very limited. :(

Here's what I tasted:
- cured meats plate
- cheese plate (fourme d'ambert, brillo pecorino, brigante)
- caprese salad
- crispy polenta squares with eggplant
- crostini - 3 (ricotta & olive tapenade, gorgonzola & dates, mascarpone & sun dried tomato tapenade) 

The cured meats plate was nothing special. The cheese choices we got were good...really liked the fourme d'ambert (great for stinky cheese lovers). What was strange that they made us pay extra for accompaniments. The cheese plate only came with bread! We paid extra to get figs and apples! The mozzarella in the caprese salad was fresh, I really liked the pesto on the side. The polenta squares were alright - too much acid = killing my tastebuds. The crostini looked really good but some of the ingredients just did not taste right together (ie the dates and mascarpone). The olive tapenade was yummy but the sun dried tomato one was not so tasty. My friends all got the bacaro burger which looked really good! I am for sure trying that next time. 

This place is great for group get-togethers! Make sure to call ahead and reserve a table if you're going with more than four people as seating can be hard to get. I wasn't totally wowed by the food but as far as wine bars go, this place has great prices for what you get. I found out about the all you can eat/drink deal on weekends which is only $25! I would definitely come back to check out that.
I have been to this establishment twice and each time, the food and service were fantastic! The first time around, I had salmon, which was perfectly cooked - not too moist and not too dry, which I think can be a bit difficult to achieve with salmon sometimes. On my second visit, I had the scallops and my husband had steak. Again, both were cooked perfectly - they were seasoned well and the texture was just right. Additionally, the wait staff was friendly and attentive during both visits. All in all, this is a restaurant I would highly recommend and will definitely re-visit.
VEGANS...Chef Jim will make you an all-vegetable dish, a gourmet pizza minus the cheese, a vegan risotto, etc.  He said that he can make nearly any vegetable dish on the menu vegan and that he wants to make you a satisfying meal of whatever you are craving.  He was very thoughtful and accommodating.  Thank you, Chef!
Biba bills itself as Tria's "little cousin", and we popped in for an after-dinner drink last weekend when we were on the other side of the Schuylkill.

You can tell it's part of the Tria family, the menu is organized in the same way, but without the descriptions that are on the Tria menus.  It's a smaller menu too, featuring crostinis instead of bruschettas, and many of the popular Tria items.  No real desserts though, just a selection of chocolates.

Biba keeps all their wines under $10, and it's a thoughtful selection.  Alex behind the bar told me that they're going to try to feature wines distinct from those carried by the two Trias.  

Biba is small, with all its seating at high-tops and at the bar.  There's a lot of concrete too, which can get loud.  It's a cool vibe though, with the glass-walled wine storage the centerpiece of the room.

Good stuff, and they offer a late-night weeknight happy hour where all their wines are $6.
It took us a little while to find the place, as they're doing construction on the road we were directed to take from google.maps. After driving in a few circles in the rain, we found the valet and were warmly welcomed (with umbrella escort from the car). 

We sat down at a booth (as requested when booked on Open Table), but were a bit alarmed that there was a huge group next to us. We requested that we be moved and they said they could accommodate us but it would be a few minutes.  When he returned to check on us, we were quite happy in our seats, as we had realized they were finishing up not starting and we would have our quiet dinner we hoped for.

The three of us each chose a different glass of red wine (with the waiter's help) and each of us liked ours the best. The same thing happened with the food too! I had the Barramundi, Ben got the organic free-range veal (is that possible??) which was so tasty, and grandma had the swordfish.  We began our meal with salads. I can't remember which mine was but it was a bit too bitter for my taste. 

The evening was a success, as there was no room for dessert after dinner. We were able to relax with our eating and didn't feel rushed at all, especially after the Saturday night theater crowd left for the show.
I really want to like this restaurant and, to that end, we've tried it twice.  The first time was 'meh' and, unfortunately, this recent time was only slightly better.  I give it credit for being creative though, creative just for the sake of being "out there" doesn't always translate to dishes that taste good.

I had the hanger steak which, in itself, was cooked fine, if a little bland, which just speaks to the qualify of the meat.  But all the fussy stuff on the plate -- and there was a lot of random disjointed components on there -- didn't mesh with each other.  It was like eating at a potluck buffet.  We were a party of four and tasted each other's plates -- duck wings, short rib steak, grape leaves, one of the fish dishes.... We all had the same reaction.  Exception were the salads, which were all quite good.  

Service was very great; perfect balance of casual and professional.  Wines were interesting and fun.

I'm all for complex tastes and creative dishes but, imo, I think the kitchen at Vinology need to sit down and try their own plates once in a while.  I'm sure they taste each of the components but the combination of them on the plate? Note sure that they have.
I've been a few times in the past couple months and I must say I'm kicking myself a bit for not going there sooner. After all, there it is plain as day across from Open-Eye Cafe and Neal's Deli. With its jealously available parking, those big glass windows, and cool outdoor seating. I finally got over myself and have been going there.

Went there today for lunch and it was great. I wasn't very hungry since I had eaten at Foster's earlier, but had their beet salad. Damn they put a lot of beets in it. The toasted pistachios were money too. The goat cheese was normal, but I loved the salad. 2 kinds of beets!

My wife had the toast sandwich and it seemed small, but was more filling than it appeared. The side of fries was nice too: thin, handcut, fried nicely, good portion size for two.

We finished lunch with a shared berry brulee. That was really good. The cream was a yogurt based one, so it was lactose free and rich. I liked that. It had a wonderful almond sugar crust. A little like frosted flakes, but much classier. I'd have that dessert again in a heartbeat. The fresh berries on it were great too.

Service was great. Erin was polite and attentive.

It's great to have another place to go to in Carrboro.
So, I go to the farmers market in Carrboro back in July. So much beautiful local produce.  I then ended up at Glass Half Full for dinner. On the special sheet was Farmers Market Succotash   It was a wonderful combination of vegetables from the market.  I also ordered the fried brussels sprouts with peanuts. Very fine.

I know this review is for a visit from July but I've been to Glass Half Full several times and it has always been consistently good. I'm certain it still is!
Overall, my experience was good and I will come back to try it again, mainly because there are many other items on the menu I want to try. Our waitress may (or may not) have been new, but she was not well versed in the wines on the list. However, I still managed to choose a wine that I was very pleased with (Tempernillo - Finca Vieja "Crianza", Castilla La Mancha, Spain 2007). I choose the lamb meatloaf at the recommendation of the waitress (because it will only be on the menu for a short while), and it was great. It had the perfect amount of crispiness on the outside without being overcooked on this inside.

The atmosphere is one that is good for many occasions: celebrations, dates, or outings with friends.
Great happy hour from 4-7, lots of cocktails and yummy food.  This would be the only reason to go back. 

As for lunch and dinner, kind of expensive and not the best food for the price.  I had the squash tortellini, which was a bit sweet and very undercooked, the pasta was almost crunchy...not fresh at all.  The squash was good and there was an interesting garnish on top.  Service was fine...accommodating staff and good atmosphere.
Bacaro is a new gem in the slowly-being-forged crown that is the gentrifying West Adams. This small wine bar offers many different hot and cold small plates, and a wide selection of wines and beers by the bottle or glass. Some my wife and I have loved were: bruschette with tuscan white beans (damned good!), polenta squares with roasted eggplant, grilled octopus, the bacaro burger (open-face, with grilled onions and a creamy, delicious sauce), and the roasted artichoke (damned good). The olive plate is good, and the cheese plate option (pick your own) with add-ons like quince paste and sage honey, is also really good. We've had a few different wine selection, but I like the Chupacabra ale, which is cold, creamy, and delicious.
If you do not care for a budget dinner, this is the place to go for good food with wine pairings. My friend and I went early, 6:30 for dinner because we needed to see a play at UCLA.  We made reservations, but it wasn't necessary. We were seated in a nice small booth. Our server was attentive and not over bearing! We started with a Moscow Mule cocktail, which was just OK. I have had better.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HsrBr49livt6XtKbEzuHnQ?select=A7uViq2JxW9B1wIJ9NGikQ

 We split the chopped kale salad which  was heavenly. I love the flavors of the Parmesan cheese, slivered almonds, and dressing.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HsrBr49livt6XtKbEzuHnQ?select=OgcoYC-kr41zyHZ0InXeCw

 We also split the whole Loop Du Mer fish with a side of asparagus. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HsrBr49livt6XtKbEzuHnQ?select=Nl2Y9VeZi-59pz66cTY4mw
They split the salad and the fish and served us with our own portions, which I loved. This small gesture to service reflects the price point. We also shared the chocolate/peanut butter brownie in a strawberry sauce.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HsrBr49livt6XtKbEzuHnQ?select=G4YgU2mnIncqpfEtEY_Rtg
 Would I come back here again? YES! But keep in mind, it's not cheap, but it's not outrageously expensive either. Parking is valet, or if you are lucky.... street parking. Do read the parking signs, you must feed the meter through 8pm. We left the restaurant around 7:45, in perfect time for the 8pm play!
Love this place, very tasty entrees, good salads and an excellent choice of good wines.  The pizza and wine tasting on Mondays is a treat.  Wait staff is well informed and pleasant.
Lunch review

I haven't had the best experience here for lunch the first time, so I kept my visits to happy hour.  I had a spur in my boot for a lunchtime glass of wine and remembered that they now have 1/2 wine starting at 11am.  

Had the salad and half flatbread special and oh was it good! I was so surprised at the changes that were made for the better.  The Thai salad was totally yum, and the lunch was a perfect portion and good price.  Wine price and selection was the best.
Vinology's Black Wine Night (Halloween week) is the kind of event you will love if you want to dress flamboyantly in black for an evening and imagine you are in another place and time, yet still inhabiting your fabulous adult self (and not a smurf, pirate, wench, or stormtrooper).  In this case, the another place was not quite pitch-dark, sensual, social, succulent, and serviceable.  Taking visual presentation away from cuisine is a gamble (and Vinology's presentation is so aesthetically playful).  The little that could be seen by a few dim tea lights on each table was imagineering a la Ichobod Crane: delicious murky glistening sauces, ensembles using squid-ink pasta and rare black rice, espresso-rubbed filet, volcano cake sitting in dark chocolate goo, and other fine darkness.  Wines, which were served in black glasses and individually paired with each course, were wonderful alone, but the pairings were provocative and two were simply knockout.  If you dislike not seeing what you eat, being served by waiters wearing black masks, making friendly conversation with strangers you have been seated with whom you can only dimly see, and having your wine pride tripped up and slightly bruised by the deceptively simple camouflage of black stemware, you'll hate this.  We ordered one of every bottle.  They have good meals every day, don't miss.
was here for a special occasion recently - my first time.  and i loved it!!!

the food and the service were out of this world!  they knew we had a birthday at our table, and delievered a card signed by the entire staff as well as a little box of chocolate covered strawberries.  a very nice touch, especially in today's declining economy.

my filet mingon was perfect.  as were the garlic mashed potatos and the veggies.  and the desert.  uh. well. spectacular!  warm gooey yet fluffy chocolate.  mmmmmmmm.

all in all, a fine fine dining experience that even a head cold couldn't destroy.  yay for paul fleming - again!

beefy.
Worst experience in a long time. We're a bunch of mid to late 20-somethings and we were treated like riff raff. Scoffed at for wanted a bottle that cost less than $50. We were rushed, RUSHED!, to finish our food and drink so they could close the bar. The guy in our group got dirty looks for not paying for all of us. We finished off our stuff and headed out, only to see our waitress catering sweetly to other patrons. 

Over priced. Over puffed. Bourgeois bull crap. No thank you.
It astounds me that so many people think this place is any good.  The food is absolutely mediocre and overpriced, and the service is offputting.  Plus, if you order wine through the adjacent store for pickup, they don't call you when it arrives (this happened both to me and a friend on separate occasions).  The wine tastings are useful and can be fun, but the hors d'ouvres they put out are scant and nasty.  I've been there several times so I really feel like I gave them a chance, but in my opinion there are MUCH better places right nearby in Midtown.
Definitely worth four stars, maybe four-and-a-half.  We came with a dozen people and sat in a side room near the front door.  Only after walking around a bit did I realize how immense this establishment is.  There was at least one other private dinner going on (a large one), and the main dining rooms and bar area were going full tilt.  Even with all the activity, we had perfect, professional service and flawlessly turned out dishes.  (I had the squash soup and the seafood risotto.) 

The wine list is large; it includes a lot of small, relatively unknown wineries,.  Many wineries are represented by only one or two wines.  For example, they had the chenin blanc and one red wine -- maybe pinot noir -- from Foxen, and only the tempranillo from Bokisch, which is a producer of Spanish varietals from Lodi.

Over all, I found the quality to be very high and thought that the prices were generally reasonable.  (The wine prices struck me as a little high, but I understand that rents in Westwood are not the same as in Oakland.)
The only bar in Harvard Square with an outdoor patio area, which makes it extremely popluar in the warmer months; you'll be lucky if you can even get in here during a Summer weekend.  Good beers on tap for reasonable prices and the wine selection is great.  All the bottles are stored on the back wall of the bar.  Cool to look at.  It can be a little cramped on the inside, which is why I only go here on a weeknight or some other time when it's not crowded.  The bartenders can give attitude to those who deserve it, especially the stuffy Harvard kids who congregate here.
after years of harvard square slowly losing its incredible, independent businesses (e.g., Wordsworth, Wursthaus restaurant, Sage's market...) to ubiquitous mall dumps like Uno Pizza and Ann Taylor; happily Shays continues to thrive 
with its temperament more typical of an european pub than american bar, Shays is the place for great conversation and excellent beer selection. 
and during fine weather (even in middle of winter) join the conversation outside on the front patio.
3.5 stars.  I really wanted to absolutely fall in love with Toast.  I really did, but something just didn't click with me; more on that later.

We ended up going with a party of 6 on a Wednesday night; we scoured yelp to find a place to eat and ended up calling in various restaurants to see if they could squeeze us in (Toast had a time slot open at 8 PM).  They have a regular menu, but on Tuesdays and Wednesdays they have a chef's tasting menu for $30 w/ an optional $20 wine pairing, so most of us decided upon that option.

Now the chef's tasting menu at Toast is a four course ordeal where it's a grab bag of what you're going to get as opposed to a standard set menu.  You'll be asked if you have any food allergies or restrictions, and then the chef cooks whatever he likes and it's luck of the draw for what you end up getting served since no two dishes were the same (I told my waiter I was allergic to everything but lobster).  I have a feeling the waiters were the final deciders of who would get what dish.  Because of this, there's no real flow to the meal as the flavors of each course might not work well together.  The progression of courses starts with an appetizer followed by a seafood dish, then a salad of sorts and it ends with a meat dish.

The food was cooked well, but I had issues with the use of "side dishes" by the chef.  Also, none of the food was really memorable; nor did any of the dishes really strike me as particularly inspired.  My seafood dish consisted of a small fish fillet complemented with a few strips of roasted potatoes.  The fish was tender with a perfectly crisped skin; however, I'm not sure roasted potatoes were the best choice to be paired with this fish as it seemed more of an arbitrary "side dish" as opposed to being an actual part of the entree.  My meat dish was roast duck (medium rare) served with black eyed peas.  Like with the fish, the black eyed peas seemed to not really fit in with the dish either.

I guess my main gripe is that the dishes would've been better completely decomposed; the sum was less than that of all its parts.

For the purposes of yelp, my review is rounded up to 4 stars b/c the atmosphere and decor were appropriate and they were extremely accommodating even though we lacked formal reservations.  Also, even though I complained a lot about their dishes, $30 for a four course tasting menu is extremely wallet friendly and definitely a good "deal" for the price.
My wife and I are foodies and eat out  over 150 nights a year.  We were disappointed with Bacaro during our visit on a recent Saturday night.

Good things:  The salumeria selection was great.  The meats, cheeses and jellys were excellent, and I liked the room and general look of the decor.

Bad things:  I believe when the check exceeds $100 for a couple, its not unreasonable to have a higher expectation level.
My wife's pasta dish was served about 5 minutes before my duck dish.  She was 3/4 done by the time my food arrived, and during that time she was uncomfortable--should she eat, should she wait?  The end result was that she didn't enjoy her meal, since she felt badly eating when I had nothing to eat.  When mine arrived, my duck was cold (not warm...cold)--probably left waiting for delivery to the table too long. 
She didn't enjoy eating without me, by the time I got my second meal, out of obligation to her, I had to rush to finish it.  
So we both basically neither one of us enjoyed our meal.
Another point to note was that our server, a very nice woman had WAY too many tables.  She was running around like a maniac and getting her attention wasn't a problem, her finishing delivering another meal or taking another order, and then getting to us was a huge problem.....another person or 2 on the floor would have made a huge difference.

My second duck dish was ok.  Just OK.  Based on the lineage of the chefs, it was a disappointment.  Small amount of blandly flavored duck, lots of greens, should have had more meat on the plate.

Lastly, we were told the desserts needed to be ordered at the beginning of the meal because they are cooked to order....we ordered an apple crisp.  Undercooked apples and lukewarm...the server then told us that this was the way it was served.  I've never been told that FRESHLY baked to order apple crisp is supposed to be cold.  That was insulting.

A TOTAL disappointment based on how it was described by our server and looked in the description.

Lastly, in my opinion, the red wine by the glass list was poor.  I tried 2 of the 4 (maybe 5) selections and again, basic, not great.

I'm sorry to all who all others who reviewed Bacaro and had a great meal, that I had to post a bad review.  What I wrote was truthful---maybe they just had a REALLY bad night....but for $150 (with tip)  for 2 people, I'm not inclined to risk it again.
I went here for lunch the other week, as I was visiting Ann Arbor with my wife while she interviewed at the U of M. 

It was pretty empty for lunch, but that's never a problem with me. The bartender was friendly, and the wine list is good considering the place I work at in Chicago has a damn dictionary of wines. Some misspellings here and there ("alianico" instead of "aglianico" on the chalk board, and the metal plaque next to my bar table had a misspelling that I can't remember now). No biggie, but easily fixed.

I had a great albario and aglianico (an aglianico I'd never had, which was great!), and the pours are on the generous side. The food had high aspirations that it didn't quite pull off. Sweetbreads were decent, but the course was way small and the mustard could be dialed back a bit.

The duck confit was better, but a pretty standard preparation. Good but not outstanding.

The Michigan apple tart was awesome though, as was the service. If we end up moving here, I'll be coming back.
Shay's is the best. Awesome beer selection, great intimate setting, and always awesome music. One of the funner bars in Harvard Sq. Diverse crowd. The patio is awesome during the warmer months. Check it out if you can, during most warm nights it IS packed out there, so keep that in mind. Also if you haven't read on here, this place IS Beer & Wine only. Definitely head over to Shay's if you're in the Harvard Sq. area looking for a cool bar with a laid back atmosphere!
This place was great when it first opened and the wine selection is still fantastic but the food is not what it was when it first opened. I agree with another reviewer who said that being creative with dishes just to be out there doesn't mean that the food tastes good. The "cheese" plate isn't even a cheese plate...it's a bunch of little snacks that may or may not contain cheese.
I would always come back here for the great wine selection if I was craving a nice glass of wine while in Ann Arbor but there are definitely better places for food in Ann Arbor. And the prices put some expensive (better) restaurants in NYC to shame.
By far the best restaurant near USC. No question. Enjoy fantastic hard/soft drinks (they even have ORGANIC wines/beers -- damn!). 

The food is a dream. I love tappas. If you don't, forget about this place. It's all small dishes, meant for sharing -- meant for tasting. They've perfected some of the flavors of the Bruschette and crostinis. I'd HIGHLY recommend the 1. roasted garlic, balsamic, & basil pesto. and the 2. tomato and basil bruschette. 

Bacaro is ridiculously good. It's the only restaurant in the neighborhood that I would come down here just to go to. Nothing else is really worth a visit... 

Also, since it's a wine bar, be prepared for that sort of atmosphere. It's VERY small inside. Although, I think that's definitely part of its charm. Don't expect to have a private conversation -- unless of course you don't really mind who may overhear. 

PS
If you can organize a group of your friends, DEFINITELY do the Beefsteak Sunday. I promise you'll be satisfied (unless you're a vegetarian who doesn't drink.... boo)
Not bad, but not great! Probably wont be back again.
Amazing Chocolate Molton Lava cake!!!  Try the tenderloin carpaccio also, it was so tender.  The calamari was great and of course the filet was the best!
Have I really not reviewed this place before?

lovelovelove.

Brennan B. and I really like food. And wine. And sitting and talking. 

This is a good place for people who like those things.

We've been a few times, most recently for the Bacaro Anniversary Party, which was great.

I love the tapas style food, which means you can try a bunch of different things, and the small plates are really reasonably priced.

Things that are really good:

bread w/olive oil & butter & kosher salt
roasted butternut squash salad
caprese salad
tomato basil bruschetta
roasted garlic basil pesto bruschetta
fresh goat cheese, balsamic endive marmalade crostini
BACARO BURGER with fried egg
margarita pizza
roasted garlic pizza
bacon and brie pizza


These are our favorites, but there are still things we haven't tried, which means we can go back for more! :)
Bacaro is a gem of a low priced wine bar.  The price points appear to be aimed at the grad students and faculty of nearby USC.  With most red wines about $7 or $8, they are pouring wines which probably retail for little more than $10 per bottle.  While not for the more sophisticated palettes, it should more than satisfy the 20 something crowd which no doubt largely makes up it's customer base.    As a point of comparison, nearby Corkbar and Bottlerock commonly feature wines in the $14 to $16 per glass range.  These winebars are pouring better wines but Bacaro certainly has its place in the winebar spectrum.  I tried only one food item, the pan seared polenta with eggplant, and it was surprisingly good.  It also paired nicely with the Monterey County pinot noir.
Oh man. This was my next highly anticipated place to try out on my yelp 'bucket' list. Why you ask? Let me do what i do best...itemize... 

1. Great yelp reviews about their HH (happy hour) 
2. Close to work and there's free self parking 
3. Bought a $100 gift card from Costco for the price of $79.99 
4. They show Monday night football on 2 nice flat screens 
5. Their famous HH burger 

So the ambiance is awesome. Really dark, intimate, and quiet (it was 530p thou). The bar already had a few ppl. We took our seats at the bar and the bartendress was quick to help us. 

They have a "5 For $6 'Til 7" - meaning 5 drinks/wines/apps, all for $6/each, until 7p. 

This is what was offered (as of 11/23/09): 

5 COCKTAILS: 
WHITE COSMO, Ketel One Vodka 
APPLETINI, Grey Goose Vodka 
FLEMING'S CLASSIC, Ketel One Vodka 
MARGATINI, Gran Centenario Anejo Tequila 
TROPICAL MARTINI, Malibu Coconut Rum 

5 WINES BY THE GLASS: 
PINOT GRIGIO, Redbank, Australia 
CHARDONNAY, Glen Carlou, South Africa 
PINOT NOIR, Mark West, California 
PETITE SIRAH, Vinum, California 
CABERNET SAUVIGNON, 14 Hands, Washington 

5 APPETIZERS: 
TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO, Creole Mustard Sauce 
SWEET CHILI CALAMARI 
WICKED CAJUN BARBECUE SHRIMP 
SEARED AHI TUNA, Spicy Mustard Sauce 
JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKES, Red Pepper Sauce 

NEW FLEMING'S PRIME BURGER, Cheese and Bacon 

I had the Flemings Martini. Wow. Strong (like cough-cough strong). Well worth the HH price. 

Tried 2 of their wines. The Petite Syrah was so-so. And then another bartender asked if i wanted to try another and i said yes, pls, from the HH list. He poured me one, not from the HH list, and said he'd hook me up w/ the HH price. But on the final bill, I was charged $8.50 - no biggie. 

We had: 

- Burger: My friend ordered the burger. When it came out, honestly, it looked like something I'd make at home. Nothing special and the presentation was Denny's-like (sorry!). You get your choice of 3 cheeses for the burger i believe. My friend thought the burger tasted fine but not mind-blowing. 

- Carpaccio: was a generous portion. It came w/ a few slices of sliced baguette, nicely toasted w/ cheese. 

- Crab cakes: were ok as well. Nothing spectacular. Nice cream sauce that comes with it. 

- Cajun BBQ shrimp: Shrimp was done just 'ok'. Maybe JUST a bit overdone. But the sauce was amazing. They stick this big honk of bread right in the middle of the dish where the bread can soak up all the yummy, buttery, garlicky spicy sauce. THIS, my friends, was the highlight of my night (which is kinda sad considering how much we ordered up to this pt) 

So, bottom line...if we HAD to pay FULL PRICE for ANY of these items, the night woulda been ruined. Both of us agreed that the price we paid was about 'right' for what we ate. The total bill before tip was about $52.00. So that's pretty darn good (considering the food portions were normal sizes). 

I have one more gift cert to use for this place and I'd only use it for their HH. But after that gift cert is used up, I don't think I'd come back. Again, it's not b/c it's not a good place. Just b/c the regular prices are so high and the food was just so-so for me.
Rating System:
1 star for food
1 star for service
1 star for beer
1 star for menu
1 star for overall ambience.

Food: For an appetizer a friend and I split the Gougeres or "cheesy poofs"  We took a chance on something we didn't really know what it was... it was lame.  Bread balls or something, fried maybe?  I dunno but they were nothing special, thats for sure.  For my entree I had the scallops with the lemon-leek risotto.  That risotto was amazingly delicious! The appetizer was lame but that risotto was good I only wished there had been more. But to tip the scale the scallops themselves were... bland?  boring?  heated more than cooked...?  +.5 star for sure.

Menu: intriguing and there were a lot of things I could have been quite interested in.  Pricing, a bit steep... especially when you factor in their portion size.  +.5 star.

Service: Meh....?  I mean it was fine, but the friend I went with has some food allergies... the server was nice about it but (have worked in the service industry) I could tell he was feeling a bit taxed about the whole process.  The other servers who we clearly has less interaction with however seemed more annoyed by this.  Why!?  There were some funny glances and a couple flat out rude looks.  Fail!  Perhaps the owners of Vineology should staff a few less when they are not so busy (like late afternoon when we were in) Of course by staff a few less I mean not employ the gawkers on their serving staff.  +0 stars.

Beer: Shorts IPA makes me happy.  On-tap!?  even better.  an easy +1 star!

Ambience:  I like the decor and the lighting scheme here is great.  Not too dark.  Not too bright.  Acoustics leave something to be desired though... *shrugs*  +1 star?
We've been wanting to check this place out, so when a friend suggested meeting here for dinner last week, we were happy to do so. 

We were a little early for our reservation, so we sat at the bar and had a drink. The drinks were fabulous, and i like that they even have 99 calorie martinis. 

When we were seated, we were brought bread. The bread was fantastic, as were the spreads that came with it. 

I asked our server for some recommendations, since he talked me out of everything i was thinking about ordering. At the time, i appreciated his honesty. 
Big mistake. 

He raved about the crab cakes, they were fishy and too salty. Although, they weren't greasy, as he promised. In retrospect, i should have sent them back. 

I also ordered the seared ahi on his recommendation. Another miss.... It wasn't the "sashimi" grade he had promised, and actually had a few sinewy pieces in it. I also kind of hated the massive amount of pepper crusted on it. It was too much pepper for me. This is just my opinion, some people love a lot of pepper. 

We cook alot at home, so when i go out i try to get things i wouldn't make at home, or wouldn't make as well. We've made better ahi at home on numerous occasions. So, for me this was kind of a waste of a meal out. 

I think this restaurant is probably much better than my two dishes, as my husband's steak was cooked nicely and had good flavor. 

They do have a great prix fixe deal,and happy hour specials. I would come back for those, or if someone else wanted to have dinner here. I think they would be worth giving another chance. 
Although, with so many awesome restaurants in the area, it's hard to return if you don't have a great experience the first time.
what a great steak! Flemming's has the best steak in San Diego. It's a great location and has great ambiance. Go for the Lobster tempura as an appetizer.. You can never go wrong with that choice. I ordered the Filet cooked medium with some snap peas and mushrooms... WOW... I was blown away... great service.. our waiter was the best! A+ .. what a great birthday dinner.... thank you Flemming's Staff for making me feel at home...My wife and I will be back soon.... Now the leftovers...
I really, really wanted to like this place.  Our interaction began superlatively when we made the reservation for six on Open Table and then had to change it to eight by phone.  They were more than accommodating and pleasant.  Walking in - once we found it, the street is sort of dark and the awning is also dark - we were seated immediately.  Our food was superb.  The appetizers were tasty and sufficient.  And the wine list was great.  They obviously have an awesome chef because the food quality was superb.  Both in presentation and culinary art, each plate was very appetizing, from the wonderful rockfish to the steak plates.  The risotto was also as tender as it could be, deliciously flavored.

The downside came in the service which was at best, passable, at worst, an exercise in a near nervous wrecking ball on the part of the waitress.  We sat close to 20 minutes to be tended to.  And when one of our party remarked to the waitress (after being seated) that the home made bread was subject of outstanding reviews, the waitress looked at us with almost a horrified face and told us that it had been a disastrous day and that it had included a breakdown in the bread machine and blah blah blah.  (Why anyone would greet a full table of eight and set that tone for the rest of the evening is beyond me).  That was our welcome to the service...  Uhhmmmm.....  Then it went downhill from there.  To make a long story short, I'll paraphrase an old military performance review adagio:  Sets low standards for him/herself and fails to achieve them...  That was our service evening.
Attended the BeefSteak Sunday for the first time yesterday...was very glad I did!!!  
    Although, there was a mix up with the reservation, the chef still accommodated us.  The chef and bartender went above and beyond making up for the lost reservation.  As we waited for them to find a table and chairs we were served some delicious champagne.  
    Our table was set-up by the kitchen (a makeshift Chef's Table) and it was all uphill from then on. I don't think that our glasses were ever empty. As a starter we were served onion rings (so good and crunchy!) and some spicy and tangy red bell pepper sauce (it went really well with the onion rings and the steak). Then came the steak...  Its served family style sliced on a baguette slices alongside the potatoes.  The potatoes were ok and were a lil greasy, but we still ate them all. The meat was good quality and served at  varying degrees of done-ness.  Which was good since not everyone at my table likes their steak medium rare or rare. 
    Overall, we left with full bellies and swollen livers.  Very good experience.  The staff was very friendly and just awesome!!! Even though we probably wont be able to be seated at the "Chef's Table" again, I will definitely come back for Beefsteak Sunday and probably back another time just to check out their regular menu.
One of my favorite warm summer night hangouts in Cambridge. For some odd reason I could never remember where this was for the longest time.
To sum it up - A comfortable, laid back neighborhood wine bar with good food.  A little too dark though and chilly inside. 

Peep them: 
Bacaro Burger - an open faced heavy burger with a creamy sauce drizzled all over it on a piece of brick toast. I thoroughly enjoyed this burger.  No cheese on this burger or needed for that matter because it is so flavorful. 

Croque Monsieur - the special for the night. Very salty. Also served atop a slick of brick toast. Fried egg - $1 extra. 

Roasted Eggplant Goat Cheese Pizza - Spicy and dry. I felt like I was eating a dry Celeste pizza with dried up hot sauce over it. I did not enjoy and had to force myself to finish a slice. 

Butternut Squash - there's butter in there alright, but can I taste some squash? It might as well have been called butter soup. That is all. 

Panini - Pastrami, Mushrooms, and Mozzarella. So salty that it made me pucker. It was good but greasy. The bread had a good crunch from the grill. 

Beaujolais - very light and refreshing. 

I really did like the food, but for entirely different reasons, I am debating whether to give this place another chance.  Hmf.

Location - might be hard to find via GPS or mapquest becase it's on Union Ave and 24th street where the street is in the shape of a  triangle.  

Parking - street
Went there for an early dinner with the family.  The hostess was cold and not very welcoming.  The waitress was unpleasant and mainly absent, despite the fact that the restaurant was virtually empty.  And, worse of all, the food was terribly underwhelming.  Both the prime rib and the filet were dry and overcooked.  Overall, not a good experience.
Great little spot right near USC. The area outside might throw some people off but the owners (USC grads) have done an amazing job turning the inside of their establishment into something special. The small wine bar atmosphere is created with menus on chalk boards, dark wooden tables and a cozy environment. Come to munch on sharing plates of finger food and to sip some wine. The place is small and isn't the best bet for big parties, but smaller get-togethers and dates work really well here. The happy hour will give you the best deal but the prices aren't outrageous if you miss out on that window. Although I have never been, I have heard rave reviews about the Beefsteak Sunday and the deal you get. Definitely recommended for anyone in the USC area
There's nothing else quite like this in Harvard Square. There's a decent selection of wine -- and what's more, you're not made to feel like you're crazy for not ordering beer (though they've got plenty of that, too). The burgers are really good, too, if you're hungry!

But what sets this place apart is that it has a bit of character. As Harvard Square slowly devolves into one giant Starbucks, it's the Shay's that keep it what it is. It's atmospheric, almost with a dive bar feel to it.

Oh, and if the weather's nice, it's a great place to sit outside -- if you can get a seat!
So I'm a little late writing this review, but better late than never!

We came here for my bachalorette party back in July, and I still remember how great it was.   We ordered from their special season fixed menus which come with a soup or salad, main course and dessert.
Everything tasted great! 

The fixed menu is a great price and gives you a good sampling of their different menu items.  The service was also top-notch as we were well taken care of :) I even got a box of truffles at the end of the night :)

Well worth the visit and I'm looking forward to coming again :)
Dear Vinology, 
You are not a hot Manhattan night club. 
Please inform your hostess that you are not a hot Manhattan night club and that she should not act as if it is so. 

I will try you again this year after your  full attitude adjustment. 

Reminder, you are a restaurant in the Mid-West that happens to be in the semi-progressive town of Ann Arbor, so don't get too big for yourself.  When you hit Tokyo, London and NY, let me know and I might  bow down. 

Thank you.
After a long day of shopping and several postponements, I found myself here on the day after Thanksgiving at around 3 in the afternoon.  I think two tables were occupied, total.

So, while it didn't make for spectacular people watching, it did mean my friend and I got the entire back patio to ourselves (spectacular! -- It's really pretty and calm when no one else is around, and that was really a highlight of the meal) and that people weren't coming to check on us too often (not so good...).

Overall, the food was...meh.  I got a really big salad with far too many chopped beets, my friend (a vegetarian) got a grilled cheese sandwich and some ravioli.  He said he liked his pear somethingorother martini.  Nothing overly memorable.

The star of the show, however...what I may consider coming back for: mushroom soup.  --In the interests of full disclosure, I LOVE mushrooms.  I will go out of my way to eat food that includes mushrooms, and as long as they're not raw, I will DEVOUR them.--  That being said, this soup was *heavenly*.  It was warm and delicious and just perfect for a brisk fall afternoon.  Offer that as a regular menu item, and you might be seeing me a bit more often...
Overbearing service and underwhelming food.  

We choose Harvest because our family is vegetarian and we like to support sustainable agriculture.  In essence we basically farm by proxy.

The flatbread we ordered was delicious but the rest of the meal went downhill from there.  The trio of edamame's was an interesting concept but in the end only the salty held up to taste.  The spicy edamame's were more salty than spicy and the sweet didn't go over so well and left us with uncomfortably sticky fingers.  The roasted beet salad was very good, the beets were nicely roasted, but the candied pecans were missing.  The $12 entree size plate of mushroom paparadelle was smaller than the appetizers and was barely even warm when served.  The portabello mushroom burgers had no flavor and I'm still not sure it was a whole wheat bun.  The sundried tomato pesto was a small dab in the middle of the bun - it could have used some more.  We ordered one of the portabello burgers with no sliced tomatoes to no avail.  Twice it came out of the kitchen with tomatoes on it.  Needless to say the rest of the family had been finished their meal when the portabello with NO sliced tomatoes finally arrived.  We also ordered a side of seasonal vegetables and a side of garlic mashed potatoes.  The manager decided to offer us a free side of garlic mashed potatoes while waiting for the 3rd attempt at a sandwich without realizing we already had some mashed potatoes. She clearly didn't realize we already had an order but her good intentions went wrong when she removed the first order that weren't finished!  The second order was somehow different from the first one in the way it looked.  Odd.  Additionally, both orders did not taste like "garlic" mashed and were gummy in texture.  They were either over "mashed" or they used the wrong variety of potato to mash.  Hmmmm?

They really, really, really, really tried and tried and tried to offer good service, but there was no balance between letting us eat and checking to see if we needed anything.  Granted, we had a problem, but she asked us so many times if everything was fine and to let her know if we needed anything that it became annoyingly cavalier.   

They did try to make up for the snafu with the one entree by offering us a free dessert.  This was a nice gesture but I would have preferred to have had the entree deleted from the bill.  I don't usually eat dessert.  The "apple cake" was just ok.  

We liked the idea that most items on the menu are under 500 calories, but that does not mean taste free.  We were also sensitive to the fact that the restaurant is one week old. However, putting aside the issues we had with service, vegetarians should beware due to the price and lack of flavor.
My dad was mailed a free $50.00 gift card to Flemings for some odd reason and since my parents don't each much steak I was able to have this wonderful gift. 

We were seated after about a couple minutes of waiting since the hostesses seemed a tad disorganized. We were greeted by our waiter Ian who was very cheerful and a great server the whole entire night. 

We were served warm rosemary bread along with a sundried tomato spread and a cream cheese rosemary spread. Both complimented the bread very well and I couldn't help but eat almost half the loaf. 

Dinner: I got the 3 course lobster and filet special. $50.00 is pretty pricey but hey it's Flemings you are bound to spoil yourself there. It started off with a caesar salad with crab on a toasted baguette slice. The lettuce was fresh and crisp and the crab was sweet and perfectly cooked. 

My bf got the 12 ounce prime rib dinner for 36.95 (only available on Sundays). He got the wedge salad which was covered with blue cheese and accompanied but sweet grape tomotoes. 

My filet and lobster. I asked for my filet medium and it came out well done. The manager of the section came over and replaced it quickly and apologized along with our waiter Ian. Top notch steaks. The lobster tail wasn't rubbery at all and it came with a cool butter holder almost like a candle holder. 

Sides: We were able to chose our sides despite ordered from a pre-fixed menu. I got the sauteed mushrooms that were cooked in butter and garlic. Delicious! The bf got fries and onion rings. The onion rings had a beer batter consistency and were cooked perfectly along with the fries. Came with ketchup and a aioli dipping sauce. 

Dessert: Chocolate lava cake- oooy gooey in the center and came with vanilla ice cream and chopped pistachios, which gave it a great crunch. Frozen lemon gingersnap pie was a refreshing end to the evening and I enjoyed the gingersnap crust. 

Great service and great experience. Great date place. 

Come back again? Probably only for a special occasion but will have to try out the happy hour.
I have been here twice now. Loved it both times. My steak was perfectly cooked, and very tender and tasty. The baked potato with "everything" on top was the best I've ever had. The service is fantastic, and I hope this place is here to stay!
An expansive and interesting wine list, wide range of tapas, and solid service.  I've been here three times, once with a large group, and twice with one other person, & eaten in the dining room and at the raw bar.  Once you get over the fact that it's in a strip shopping center across the lot from a Wal-Mart, this is actually a very good restaurant, with an attention to detail missing in a lot of places in the Capital Region.  Deviled eggs (awfully good!), potato croquettes, lamb tart, tuna tartare, bucket o' fries, seafood tower (and oysters a la carte), filet mignon were all great.  About the only thing I'd complain about is that in both the octopus salad and the artichoke salad the main event was a bit overwhelmed by everything else.  Portions are small & it's pricey for Albany -- but $120 for 7-8 dishes & 5-6 drinks made for a great meal for two.  And -- you can just describe what you're looking for in a glass of wine to the staff & they'll bring out a tasting glass.  A great place to go with an appetite & time to spend on a leisurely meal.
After a gorgeous summer-feeling night with a group of friends on the patio, I'm now a bigger fan of Napa Valley Grille!

Parking was easy at a meter right in front of the back door to the patio, which made my fashionably late entrance the easiest ever. Our table of 8 had awesome service, the drinkers loved their wine and mixed drinks, us non-drinkers loved our sodas and iced teas, and we hung out and blabbed and weren't rushed in the least.  

My friends loved the Fried Pickles and Mac & Cheese - and though I didn't try them, I'd come back to sit on the patio and nibble another time!
This is the perfect small venue for wine and food. The staff is terrific and the place is private and cozy. Intimate and special - recommended to all my friends.
Valentine's Day Dinner.

Reservations were easy, the girl on the phone was friendly and a table was reserved a few days in advance.  They had a special I found online for filet mignon and crab stuffed shrimp entrees with choice of salad for about $100 plus a $25 gift certificate for another time.  It seemed like a great deal, a lovely setting and good food.

We arrived a few minutes before our 8:15pm reservation and within just a few minutes were seated at a table.  The restaurant is simple with dark rich reddish woods, plenty of wine bottles and pictures of wine bottles, dim lighting and simple decor.  I didn't love the sports playing on the big screens at the bar but it was still an upscale find and a nice spot.  This is an older crowd but still scattered with a few handfuls of young people.  The ambiance almost seemed a little old school for men wanting a good steak, whisky and business dinner but still was a great date spot.

The waitress was friendly, pretty attentive and nice.  While she didn't seem super enthusiastic, she did do her job well and made sure we had everything we needed.  The bus boys were great and promptly cleared anything we were finished with and any other needs.  I was impressed with one of the cooks who did offer to keep my boyfriends plate warm while he had to make an important phone call outside.  Good, attentive service.

Our Valentine's Day meal started with freshly in house made bread.  Soft, crunchy and with two great spreads.  One sun dried tomato and the other a bit too rich of a parmasan.  I chose the casear salad which was good but lacking a bit of flavor in the dressing.  The vegetables were crunchy, the breadcrumbs made in house and plenty of it!  It was good but I wanted a little kick to my salad and the yummy anchovy taste.  My boyfriend opted for the Fleming salad and surprised by the great candied walnuts.  Though the salad was a bit drenched in dressing, it was fresh, complex and a good portion.  Our main course was a perfect filet mignon, soft, rich, buttery and oh so good.  Paired with a portabello mushroom cut in half, buttery mashed potatoes, pretty good crab stuffed shrimp - we were happy, stuffed and oh so lovey!

I tired the Bella Tini with peach schnapps, vodka, cava and juices.  Pretty sweet, pink, cute and with an underlying kick of alcohol.  The blending was great and poured at the table for panache.

Good food.
Good service.
Simple but nice upscale decor.

A wonderful time, with a wonderful Valentine.
Great menu, with icons to help you pick a wine well suited for you. But no one would take our order, we asked 4 people to take our drink order (over a 15-20 min span) and everyone refused. If only 1/3 of the tables are full how can everybody be too busy to take an order?
Two words: BEEFSTEAK SUNDAY.

Seriously---all you can eat and drink for $25? Deal. The ambiance is great, and despite the smallish size of the interior, Bacaro is a super awesome place to go with friends. My boyfriend and his friends live across the street, and it's definitely their #1 hangout spot---especially on Beefsteak days.

The food is delicious, and there's an ungodly amount of wine to choose from. I'm a wine junkie, so naturally, when I go to Bacaro I'm in heaven.

The staff is also really amazing.
Each time I've gone here, whether it being with a friend or a bigger group; I always have a good time here.  The happy hour is awesome.  I've been coming back since the early days.  Staff is always friendly and dependable, especially when you're not quite sure what to get.  I've invited many friends to try this place out, because I always leave here content and happy.  And this place kept me calm and sane during grad school.
*REUNITED and it feels soo GOOOOOOOOOD!*

Oh Fleming's... we are reunited once again. Ever since my first taste of your bone-in rib eye in El Segundo http://www.yelp.com/biz/flemings-prime-steakhouse-corp-el-segundo#hrid:P8NQGAWZfBj-muku8q6XHQ, I have longed for another bite. 

I'm a total carnivore. ME LIKE MEAT. I'm the type to order a rack of ribs or a steak on a first date. Forget all that crap about being a dainty lady and ordering a salad! Pffft! 

So for my 24th birthday dinner, my boyfriend took me here to experience another taste of that orgasmic rib eye. I love the simple- yet delicious!- way they prepare it, it's not overwhelmed by too many spices nor masked with fancy-shmancy sounding sauces (ahem, Alexander's) so you can enjoy the pure flavor of the meat. I actually prefer Fleming's over Alexander's. 

It was just as delicious (if not more) as I remembered. OOOwee! Sides were delectable as well. We ordered a Caesar salad, Chipotle Cheddar Mac and Cheese, and the Fleming's Potatoes. The salad was just, well, salad. But I loved their take on macaroni and cheese because they used cavatappi, and the cheese sauce was so rich and creamy w/ a little kick of smoky spice to it. The Fleming's potatoes IS their specialty for a reason. It has both jalapenos and cheese (automatically a winner in my book anytime those two ingredients are combined) and is a great change from your usual mashed potatoes and gravy with your steak dinner.

Service was spotty. We never even met our server, Ruth, until our food came out. Our order was actually taken by someone else- the guy who brought us our waters and my cocktail. He informed us that our server was Ruth and she would be out any minute. I mentioned that we were ready to order and he kindly offered to put the order in for us. Five stars for that dude for not making us wait for this good-for-nothing-waitress of ours. Ruth, however, would get about 1-2 stars. 

My boyfriend was a bit upset when the bill came to our table and no birthday 'surprise' had arrived for me. He told me about how he asked one of the staff if they did anything special for birthday celebrations. A distinguished looking gentleman, who we assumed was a manager of some sort, assured him that he would inform our server. I guess down the line somewhere, someone dropped the ball, and I never got my strawberry surprise. I suppose we always could have ASKED for it again, but how tacky is that? It's okay though, from what my boyfriend described the dish as, I don't feel like I'm missing out on too much. And NOOOO people, it's not sour grapes. I was pretty much content after this meal that nothing bothered me.

So for my 300th review, I give you my last meal on Earth.
I enjoyed a solid meal with delicious drinks at Mercato after a very disappointing experience at John Thomas. Thank you for redeeming my faith in the Ithaca dining scene and for bothering to have a cocktail menu.
I'm not exactly sure how I feel about this place.  The food was wonderful but, it was overpriced, and under-portioned.  My mom and step-dad took us to Vinology when we were in town for homecoming weekend.  The place was crowded, but we had reservations and were seated right away.  Our server was efficient, but didn't provide much more than what he was expected to do (wasn't particularly friendly, and didn't offer any suggestions, but was always there when needed).  We got a round of drinks, then placed orders for apps and entrees.  Then we waited.  And waited.  So we got another round of drinks.  Then waited.  And waited more.  After about an hour, we grabbed the servers attention, and asked where our food was.  He went to check on it, and then it came promptly.  I got the calamari appetizer, and it was damn good.  After appetizers, we waited for our entrees for another hour before grabbing a manager.  We had been there over two hours and weren't making much progress.  She went back and got our food rushed.  My boyfriend got the tuna entree that was $38.  It was 3 pieces of tuna.  Not tuna steaks, but tuna slivers.  Imagine more of sashimi tuna.  3 pieces, $38.  I thought it was a joke.  It had great flavor, but since it was so tiny, it ruined the dish.  I got the short rib steak which was a better portion, but still much less than I would have thought for the cost.  We really enjoyed the castaway dessert.  It was excellent.  If the management hadn't been so responsive to our complaint, I would have given this place one star.  But since they were responsive and accommodating, it made me feel like it was a surprise to them and they normally wouldn't operate in this manner.  Could be great on any other night.  I recommend going with the small plates, since its probably the same portion for half the price!
I have been to Fleming's many times before, and as always, the service and food was exceptional. The bone-in ribeye is nothing short of extraordinary, and the lobster mashed potatoes were devine. Side note - the lobster mashed potatoes are not on the menu, but they will make them up for you, just ask. My husband also had a bone-in ribeye. We also got the Fleming's potatoes. Am I making it too obvious we fell off our diets by carb-loading that night? LOL. We finished off our meal with the lava cake. Amazing!! The service was excellent as ususal. I have been to both the down town location and La Jolla. However, I have to say that the La Jolla location (which is the location I am reviewing here) far exceeds in service. Thanks again!
Thanks for making our experience better.
Had high expectations for Fleming's Easter Brunch but it was awful.  First, though the server was very friendly, the food took forever to get to our table. We were in no hurry of course but after a while it just got to be too much. The fruit salad appetizer consisted entirely of  tasteless melon slices with a sliver of an strawberry on top.  We waited about 45 minutes for the main dish to appear.  I had the sirloin steak eggs benedict and my two friends had the french toast, which was ok.  As for my dish, the english muffins were so tough I had trouble cutting through them with the steak knife.  The steak was soft but had no flavor. The egg was an egg. And the whole dish had barely any hollandaise sauce covering it.  The bread pudding for dessert was nothing out of the ordinary.  Overall a huge and expensive disappointment for Easter.  We don't intend to return.
This place is amazing when you don't have a budget.

Got here around 6:30, one of our party members took an hour to get there but the staff was very friendly and accommodating. Hot & fresh bread and spread was brought and we ordered Fried Calamari and Seared Ahi Tuna as we waited.

Then gluttony overtook us. 
Champagne
Main filet mignon w/ side of lobster & butter
Lobster mash potatoes
Salmon

I ordered my steak medium and it was PERFECTLY cooked and tender. Ask for their inhouse steak-sauce. Its tangy, sweet, and a bit spicy but all around amazing. 

For desert, we blindly ordered whatever special they had.

Swedish cream / vanilla ice cream / and some cake that exploded with hot chocolate fudge.

Service was great and though the bill was large, everyone left amazingly satisfied.
Vinology's bartenders know wine really well, but are casual people who don't make patrons feel compelled to order over budget due to ignorance. This duality is by design. If you get a chance, ask to meet John Jonna, the owner of Vinology. He's there almost all the time, and he's interesting. His personality will tell you a lot about the philosophy of the restaurant and clue the more vicious of you in to the casual class it takes to appreciate a place like Vinology in Arbor. It's a family business from a family with actual up-to-date expertise in wine and fine dining. A true rarity in this part of the world.

If you would like extremely fast service, perhaps go to a restaurant that attracts fewer people. Otherwise, we're talking math problems. If you think $6-12 is above market price for wine, we obviously operate in different markets. I appreciate budget issues; their happy hour is half off wine and a great time to try new things. 

I love Vinology because it's a classroom as much as a restaurant. The staff enjoys teaching as much as serving, and this is evident in the food, the wine selection and the ambience. You can always find more inventive food, duh, but it's not always about relativity. Enjoy the moment and try to comprehend, not just shovel in or guzzle, the food and libations. 

My favorite things about Vinology, to close:

- You can order half entrees that are still substantial enough for a meal
- None of the appetizers are even remotely predictable or boring. Try the calamari. 
- The ambience is relaxed and clean. The bubble room in the basement is sweet
- The Jonna family really cares about and maintains this place well
- The wine selection is really, really, good; it's chosen with love and updated often.
Pricey but taste great. Romantic atmosphere.
Love this place! Always great food and great service. I got the penne arrabbiata the other day and it was delicious. Reasonably priced, convenient, with a wine selection that is good enough for me (and staff who can help you pick something).
Cli- Clic- click- CLICKCLAK.  Sigh...

That was the sound of me trying to get my seat belt on after my recent outing at Flemings Palo Alto.  Such a good meal, I stuffed myself!

The wife and I shared a Fleming's Salad (always my favorite - something about those cranberries they sneak in),  a Prime Rib, a BBQ'd Salmon, Sauteed Corn, and Walnut Turtle Pie.

OK, item by item...

Fleming's Salad - This one really ranks up there among my favorite salad's anywhere.  And to be clear, I am more of a Caesar's salad guy, so it takes a lot for me to order the "house" salad at a steakhouse.  5 Stars.

Prime Rib - I know I may have said this in one of my earlier reviews, but during August, and part of September, they have a 3 course Prime Rib dinner, with side, for $30.  Sunday's only.  This is a CRAZY value.  And it is my all time favorite prime rib, outside of Las Vegas, NV.  They changed their prime rib recipe to the most tender prime rib I have ever had.  They slow cook it overnight on Saturday night.

I asked the wife to sound off on the BBQ'd Salmon - I was surprised she didn't get the Prime Rib, as it is among her favorites.  She said it was outstanding - not too heavy, but very flavorful, a combination of sweet, salty and savory.  She ranked it high on the Umami (I think that is how it is spelled) factor - which is the 5th taste that they have scientifically determined in Japan.

The Sauteed Corn was fine, nothing wrong with it, but candidly I wish I had ordered the creamed corn...  Their creamed corn is so good, and while I felt like ordering the creamed corn, I tried to go the healthy route.  So while I was eating the corn, I was pining away for the creamed corn I have grown to love.  

OK, the walnut turtle pie has what I call the "eye rolling back in your head factor" if you take a good sized bite and close your eyes while breathing deeply.  It just is so very rich, has such wonderful texture, and is just a chocolate and sweet and savory taste monsoon of the mouth.

Service was outstanding, attentive, and discrete.  They could tell we were talking and didn't interrupt with the "how is everything tonight" stuff that you usually get asked right when you are at a critical point in a conversation at dinner at any steakhouse - never fails.  We told our server we were in a rush, so they got us in and out in about 65 minutes, for three courses.  Quite brisk.

So here is the shocker.  For two entrees, one side, and a salad we shared (remember, this is the Prime rib special), and a dessert, the total was like $64 dollars, after tax (pre-tip).  Granted we only had water (again with that healthy thing bringing me down), but hell, that is a very affordable and wonderful dinner, at a terrific value!

Thanks again Fleming's...  WE WILL BE BACK!
The TRU Deli concept allows guests to build custom sandwiches to their specifications from an array of delicious ingredients.
I really liked Toast.  My wife and I went with another couple and we all sampled each others orders, so I think I can make a fair number of broad generalizations.  None of our party eat red meat however, so I can't comment about the lamb, steak, pork etc. 

My appetizer of Lobster Mac and Cheese was very good.  The pasta was al dente (maybe a bit too al dente, but that is a matter of taste).  The white cheese sauce was creamy without being cloying and the lobster was a nice accoutrement.  Others in our group ordered a risotto, which was really really great and looked like it had some wild rice in it in addition to the arborio, we also sampled the shrimp and grits.  My wife thought they were a bit too buttery; personally I think that the term "too buttery" is a metaphysical impossibility.  The shrimp and grits were really outstanding, perfectly spiced.  

We also split a couple of salads.  The vegetarian ceasar was really quite nice.  It was a departure from a traditional ceasar without the anchovy, and yet still seemed to capture some of the feel of a ceasar.  I had the endive (I am mentioning all of these names but the menu changes regularly so...) the endive and beet ad goat cheese salad was really nice and the presentation was lovely.

The entrees were something more of a mixed bag.  I had a very nice Walleye with the skin on (and the skin was quite pleasant and nicely broiled to a crisp).  Others at the table had scallops which were excellent, and halibut, also good.  My wife ordered a vegetarian lasagna with tofu, which was a bit of a disappointment.  It was actually more of a terrine of roasted vegetables with layers of tofu in between than a lasagna.  With the pesto, it wasn't bad, but I think that it may have been so far from what she thought she was getting that it ended up a bit of a disappointment.

THe desserts were nice/ different.  My wife had a very nice bread pudding with caramel icecream.  One person at the table had an apple turnover a la mode, that was also nice but not very different.  One person had a tapioca creme brulee which was really very original, it was tapioca pearls in a "glob" (it looks nicer than that description sounds).  In a creamy sauce, coated with sugar that is then caramelized.  It was a really neat take on a familiar concept.  I had the chocolate sampler.  The chocolates presented an interesting "safari" in the world of chocolate that starts in San Francisco and ends in the Mayan jungle.  By far the most interesting was a dark chocolate with chipotle and pop rocks.  I really liked the concept here, but the presentation could have been better (chocolate pieces on a blue plate--maybe some berries, color accents etc.).

The service was really very good.  Initially we were seated downstairs near the bar, but we asked for a room upstairs and got a room practically by ourselves.  The service was very attentive without being suffocating, and when asking for recommendations we received good and useful information rather than the pat phrases.

The wine selection is fairly extensive with a really great range of options for wines by the glass (hence the name Toast!).
Overall this is a really fantastic new place.  I predict that it will only get better in terms of the menu option as it falls into more of a rhythm.  I like the fact that the chef seems to want to use seasonal produce and meats (there was a soft shell crab on the menu from South Carlina).  

In any case I think that this is a really great dining option for adults for a variety of occasions.  It can be a stand alone evening dinner event, or a pre-cursor to a show down town (the restaurant is seconds from Bigelow Blvd., which can whisk you down town in 5 minutes.  It is also a great option for dinner before a movie in the East End.  

The best part is that the prices are incredibly reasonable for a place of this caliber.  In addition to reasonably priced entrees, appetizers and salads, there is a Tasting menu for $40/prix fixe with 4 courses.  This may be one of the "best values" in Pittsburgh.
My fav place to be outside in the summer in Cambridge.  No attitude, laid back, great beer and food.  I was impressed with the wine list and what they charge, very fair.  Weekends are busy but midweek is nice to chill with a drink.  Food is pub grub but staff is great!
O! Bacaro, what more can I say than, "you are divine!"   We dined here recently for the first time over a business dinner.  Wondering where the narrow wooden staircase was taking me and not sure which was creaking louder--my knees or the stairs themselves--the staircase opened into the open kitchen-exposed brick and beam restaurant and yes, I liked the urban loft feeling.  Noise level was moderate and not a problem to hold a conversation.  That is when we weren't oohing and aahing over our assortment of tapas.   True to other reviews, the tapas portions are smaller than other RI offerings, but perfectly and exquisitely executed.  Who would have thought salt encrusted red skinned potatoes in a puddle of creme fraiche could present such simple delight?  And while the crispy pork belly was tender, sticky, and delicious, it was the cheese with honey and chutney that left me craving more, especially as I write this.  The tomato and mozarella bruchetta was softly char-grilled and toothy.  Thanks to the recommendation of our professional attentive JW graduate waitress from Danbury, CT who had no accent, I now have an all time/all place new favorite pasta dish, the pasta fungi--truffle oil infused poached egg and mushroom yumminess, rich, delicious, and comfort sating--mere words cannot describe--stop by Bacaro and try for yourself!  Leave room for dessert, the molten chocolate cake is truly worthy.
Great experience.  I would give this place 5 stars for the appetizers/small plates, 3 stars for the steak (explained below) and 4 stars for service.

The best part of this place: the seafood.  The lobster tempura is sublime.  Seriously, it is too good to be believed.  If you only order one appetizer, get the lobster tempura.  Delicious, sweet lobster meat in a light, crispy batter, accompanying sauce (sesame/miso?) is delicious.

Chile calamari, cajun shrimp, and crabcakes are very, very good.  So, generally, you really cannot go wrong with the seafood here.  

Also, the complimentary herbed warm bread and accompanying butter / cheese are really tasty, but don't fill up on them!  

As some other reviewers mentioned, for a "steakhouse" their steaks are not that impressive.  Selection is not extensive.  Steaks are decent quality but not extraordinary.  Definitely not up to the standard of Alexanders Steakhouse (SF or Cupertino), which is absolutely the best steakhouse in the Bay Area.  The things that bothered me is that my husband ordered his ribeye "medium well" and it was RARE (I mean, bloody red).  I hate when a steak is not cooked correctly.  Sure, maybe it was an off night, but still. . .

Service could be better; our waitress was fine but seemed to have a bad attitude and we had to ask twice for water.
A pretty chill place at night. I actually prefer this place on off-nighs, as it can get a little crowded on the weekend. Drinks are reasonably priced, and you can usually get a place to sit if need be. The selling point is the music though. Last time I went in there was a funk trio playing, everything from George Clinton to James Brown... which wins me over in my book.
I went here for a hosted dinner in a private room and I really enjoyed myself.  The service we had was great and so was the wine.  We had a wide variety of appetizers (the flat bread pizzas, meats and cheeses were the stand outs.)  I also had a great goat cheese salad and pasta as well.  I left so full I could barely walk.  I would go back here even if I had to pay on my own, which I can't say is true of most places I go for hosted dinners.
I was quite disappointed after reading so many good reviews and recommendations. It could be better. First of all, I have to say the food material is pretty good. Seafood tasted fresh. However, they were so salty and the pizza was indeed mediocre. 
The service were a huge weak point.  First, we have to wait for half an hour to be seated. That would be fine if the food lives up to expectation, which is not true. Since the food was so salty we finished all the bread, the waitress was in such a hurry she didn't even bother to take a look at our table. We just felt not welcomed. Oh well, not gonna eat there again.
I really enjoyed my visit during happy hour one evening (I had no idea they had it).  I read about them in an LA Times article and decided to stop by my old Trojan grounds.  :)

All the food was incredibly inexpensive for happy hour.  I think everything on the regular menu was $5 (it's a tapas-style restaurant).  I don't drink so I can't speak to the wine experience, although they definitely have quite a bit to choose from.  I had a delicious cheese plate.  Extra condiments are $1 each (nuts, sliced apples).  I have to mention that I love their bread!  I can't remember if we started out with some bread (maybe... it's been a few weeks since this visit), but they use it in the bruschetta (yum to the heirloom tomatoes and roasted peppers) and the open-faced burger (wow).  They had a scallop order in a corn and tomato sauce/salad that was amazing.  The scallops were done perfectly.  The grilled hangar steak was delicious.  I could taste the thyme in it.  The chicken palliard was nicely done, too, but I wasn't expecting it to be a salad.  All the food was really excellent, but their salads fell flat.  They use a lettuce mix that is something similar to what I buy from Trader Joe's.  I was expecting something a little more "baby" than what they used.  The salads were way overdressed with a tangy vinaigrette (red wine variety, I think).  I could hardly eat the salads, especially at the bottom of the bowl.  I tried the nutella panini for dessert (seemed like white bread with nutella spread with a small strawberry on the side).  I'd pass on it next time.  The waitress recommended the bread pudding, but since we had eaten so much bread throughout our meal, we thought we'd go with a "lighter" bread product.

I do highly recommend this restaurant.  :)  Note the tables are narrow.  Stagger seating... you'll understand what I mean when you get there.
I really love their happy hour menu. Although I don't know how much I would love it if I didn't love burgers. I tried their carpaccio, mushroom ravioli, and ahi tuna as appetizers and they are definitely not filling enough to be consumed as a sole meal but to complement another dish.

I love the amount of iceberg lettuce that comes with the burger so it acts as a mini-salad to semi-balance out the hearty meatiness of the dish. 

I don't really care for their martinis but their expansive wine menu is more than enough to make me happy. They have a prosecco + liqueur drink that I really love!

Oh, and their chocolate lava cake is the best in town (I actually tried all of their other desserts as well but this one and the frozen gingersnap pie are the best.)

Service is kind of slow but expected because of busy happy hour times.
Good food, cute place right in the middle of Princeton.  I would come back again.  We had the balsalmic shell pasta and it was good.  The lasagna at the table next to us looked pretty good, too.
This magical spot caught my eye as soon as I moved back to San Luis Obispo about 5 months ago. The twinkle lights outside, the beautiful sign & the fun peek-a-boo window allow a glimpse into something really unique. I really enjoy intimate, creative places & Granada Bistro immediately intrigued me. I lived in Europe for about 20 months & always love discovering cozy places for good conversation, new wines & delicious food. My first visit was with two great friends & we sat at the bar & had amazing drinks. I had a chocolate cocktail that was so tasty! We tried a variety of great wines & had a blast. Plus the environment is cozy, with great lighting & pretty vintage furniture. My second visit was really fun too. Ready for number 3! Hope you'll check it out. Perfect for friends, family or dates.
Some friends and I checked out Biba last weekend. I enjoyed 2 glasses of a smooth red wine while G and his beer buddy sampled some of the beers. We noshed on a cheese plate and the carpaccio; we chose the carpaccio only after reading the yelp reviews on how amazing it was. And it was delicious. The prices are reasonable and the people that work there are so friendly and accommodating.  Certainly worth checking out and having a glass or 2 of wine.
Bacaro L.A. is a really cool little place right by USC. I went with a large group before and event and they were very accommodating. The owners are USC grads themselves and do a good job running the place. Sundays are all you can eat and drink for 25 dollars, pretty sweet. And their happy hour kicks butt too.. 5 dollars a plate. Although it would probably be hard to find if I didn't go to USC, I highly recommend checking this place out.
Pretty expensive for ok food. Excellent happy hour promotion. I kinda dig the ambience. It reminds me of Mortons but darker and friendlier. I feel like I am out of town and in a different year when I come here, which is always a plus in my dining experience.
The food was very unique, tasty, and reasonably priced. This is not your typical Applebees menu. They also have a modest selection of draft beers; I had a Bell's Oberon, which I'd never had before, and it was excellent. The wait staff, however, was harried and stretched too thin. We went for lunch, and while they didn't appear to be too busy, we had to get our own menus and spent a lot of time waiting to order. Don't know if that was typical, but it certainly wasn't ideal.
Like many said, Costco sells a gift card for 25% less so I would advise getting that.

The meat was superb.  It was as if someone crawled into my head and made the best bone in prime ribeye.  No sauce, simple and perfectly medium rarrrrrrrr.  Salt and pepper, that's it and that's the way meat should be cooked.  We were offered some sauce but we said, no no, meaty goodness must be pure.  Gosh, the meat was divine.  My Mister got the filet mignon and it was delicious as well. 
 The service was a tadge too attentive but not bad.  The manager came by and checked in which was super nice.

The virgin bloody mary sucked however.  It tasted like tomato juice and while I understand folks will say, what do you expect you got it virgin, I have had dang GOOD virgin bloody mary's at Slanted Door and House of PR.

5 stars for the meat
4 for the creamed spinash
1 for the virgin bloody mary
5 for lighting
3 for weird music selection...john mayer who i love, but at a steakhouse?
5 for parking
3 for price 
caesar salad was ok, not the worst, not the best

Go for a date or anniversary dinner.  This is officially my favorite steakhouse.
Review for HAPPY HOUR ONLY! I haven't head their steak at this location yet but the steaks were awesome at the La Jolla Flemings location.

I love their Happy Hour special here... It's a perfect place to catch up with girlfriends. They offer a 5 for 6 till 7. 5 different appetizers, 5 different drinks all for 6 dollars until 7pm!

Some places offer crappy food on HH but Flemings didn't disappoint... we found seared ahi, large prawns, and their steak house burger! Drinks included fancy martinis.

Come early so you can find seating since the Bar area is a free for all!
Overall, the food is fine, though no dish left a very strong positive impression. There were a few mis-steps, but nothing too terrible either. 

My dinner companion and I both had the tasting menu, which turns out to just be a subset of dishes from tonight's dinner menu. This was somewhat disappointing -- what I liked about ordering a tasting menu is that it gives the chef an opportunity to present a coherent meal to showcase his/her vision/perspective. Instead, at Toast!, each person gets his/her own (seemingly random) sampling of dishes for the tasting menu. The idea sounds intriguing in theory. In practice, unless everyone is willing to share, it leads to some unfair inequalities.

My meal began with a tiny but tasty bit of froie gras; my companion's starter was less luxurious -- he got mac n' cheese w/ a fried egg. My second course was a dorade (small fish) over wild rice (a bit dry); my companion got the short end of the stick again -- an unpleasantly fishy bowl of scallops in their shells. We each had a small, inoffensive plate of salad/veggies as our third course. Finally, my companion's hanger steak (rare and thinly sliced) outshone my cube of suckling pig (a bit too salty).  The tasting menu ($40) does not include dessert, surprisingly. In retrospect, that was probably a hint that we should have stopped there.  At the server's recommendation, I ordered the pot de creme (not bad, but kind of one dimensional, not as decadent as Dinette's); my companion opted for some old fashioned doughnuts (which had a distractingly gritty texture from the undercooked dough). 

I don't disagree with other reviewers that the ambiance was nice and that the service was good. Toast! is not a bad restaurant. It just has not achieved the level of imagination and complexity demanded of the caliber of restaurants that it aspires to be.
This review is for happy hour. Derek was by far the reason for the four star rating. The staff was friendly, unlike Sundance staff down the street. The chocolate lava cake is a must for taste and presentation. All appetizers were good, but on the rich side, which is expected for a steakhouse. 

Would go back and try a burger. The fries looked great! 

Be sure to get seated in Derek's area!!
My best friend brought me to this place because she had a coupon from Groupon. The food was amazing and so was the wine. Their spicy pizza was really good, but spicy. Not for the weak taste buds. Their wine selection is amazing... I specially loved their red wines. This place is cozy, but it can make a perfect first date place. Just make sure you arive early since seating is limited.

I recently attended their "All You Can Eat Beefsteak" event and it was truly amazing.  You get unlimited amounts of beef, bread and condimented potatoes plus all you can drink white or red wine. Although the wines were not the expensive types, they were really good. All of these for only $25.00 per person. They were not skimpy on the food either. They would bring a new dish as soon as you were done with the one in front of you. You didn't even have to ask for it. I would highly recommend it for guys trying to eat good and drink cheap (good wines though).
Meh.  I came here with my fiance because of all the stellar reviews on yelp.  Probably because of our high expectations, we were generally disappointed.  

We made a reservation, which turned out to be a good idea because it was pretty busy on a Friday night.  I ordered a glass of champagne, him red wine, and both of these took a crazy long time to be delivered.  Everything that night took a long time to be delivered/ ordered/ acknowledged.  

We ordered bread and olive oil, beet salad, crostini (ricotta, gorgonzola, mascapone), gruyere panini (basil pesto, carmelized onions), and scallops.  I really wanted to save room for dessert because I love me some bread pudding.  So... I agree with another reviewer that the marscapone crostini does not work, the flavors are kind of odd to me.  Was not a fan.  The other two crostinis were really good.  The panini was whatever, tasted generally ordinary.  The scallops were pretty good, for some reason I really don't remember them at all.  The beet salad was good and tasted fresh, BUT WAS THE TINIEST PORTION EVER.  I mean, seriously, it was hysterically small, the smallest I've ever had.  Like that commercial of the people in the fancy restaurant.

So here's the rub.  I think I am tricked into thinking that the restaurant is moderately priced because of the idea that you get three plates of food for like 20 bucks.  But seperately, the size of the food portions are ridiculous for seven dollars each.  Who pays seven dollars for a grilled cheese sandwhich with no sides?  I guess I pay that much at Artisan Cheese Gallery but its freaking huge there.

I'm the type of person who orders food, eats for a very short amount of time before I get full, and then I complain for an hour about how full I am.  We left satiated, but definitely not full.  I lost interest in ordering dessert since everything took a while in the beginning.  Don't think I will be coming back.
I finally made it to Teresa's. I went on a Sunday night and there was no wait for a table of 2. We started with the mixed salad and Misto di Fagioli e Oliva, which is an olive tapenade and white bean plate, with olives. The mixed salad was standard, served with a sweet dressing which was good but which I couldn't place, and the olives were out of this world. (I think I will attempt to recreate the tapenade this week.) I got the zuccaa pizzette and my date got the linguine vongole. The pizza was great and had a generous portion of mushrooms (which is why I selected this entree.) I tried my boyfriend's pasta and it was delicious and really had quite a few clams. I will be happily eating leftovers for the next few days. Almost ate the pizza cold for breakfast but used my better judgement to save it for lunch, when I'm awake and can enjoy it. Overall I think it's slightly pricey but you will also pay $15 for a burger in Princeton, and it's a nice environment, so well worth it.
Definitely go during Happy Hour. Their fries and Kobe beef burgers are pretty delicious. And the drinks were good too although not too strong. I like their patio seating.
Now that I'm back in Southern California, I'm taking advantage of being able to eat outside year round.  This place has a sizeable patio space and good entrees.  The soup and salad here is great because it's always made fresh.  Lots of selections.  The best part is they're always changing their menu so one wouldn't be bored coming here again and again.
I have fond memories of Teresa's- from meeting up with old friends to going on semi-awkward first dates, this was def the restaurant I frequented most when I lived in Princeton. Their pizza, pasta, and sandwiches are pretty good, and the prices are decent for the area
Happy hour is amazing! Its amazing and cheap since all the food is inexpensive.  It just fun and a way more low key environment than Palomino across the street which is always a mad house after 10.  Also the night happy hour starts at 9 so a little earlier than Palomino if you have other plans that night!
However the dinners are a little too adventurous in their flavors.  I have been here countless times and really liked the food but this last time I went all 6 of us were not thrilled.  The chef goes a little overboard.  Flavors didnt quite mesh. There was a concerted effort there to make thing new and exciting but it didn't go over quite as they had planned.
All in all nice ambiance and the bread is amazing.  But go there for happy hour and/or drinks and appetizers... not dinner
Fine-r dining in Providence with a beautiful view of the canal.  The service was good, the food great, but there was just a piece missing.  Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed this place but a return isn't my first priority.  I should stop whining though, because the food really steals the show here.  We ordered a bunch between four of us and passed the food around quite liberally.  We started with the scallops and truffle mushrooms, a tapas style appetizer, excellently crafted and divine.  The octopus, both on the salad paired with squid, and alone was fantastic.  The pizza was thin, crispy, and delicious, and the roasted vegetables as a side were plentiful and not overdone.  I was also able to sample some pasta, and a fish special which I cannot recall.  There wasn't anything I had which I didn't enjoy.  Save this place for a nice occasion though, I think coming here the night before a big race has my mind somewhere else, as I didn't fully get the true Bacaro experience.
Solid 3 star experience--ok service, ok food, ok ambiance. Nothing spectacular in the least. My new york strip steak was over cooked (asked for medium rare, it came out medium well). I had some crab bruschetta, which was just a pile of crab on a cracker with a little sprouts on top--flavorful but for $16 I should have had an entire crab leg. Dessert was fine. Best part was the vino--had some sea smoke (they had 1 bottle, we wanted 2) and some patz & hall. No surprise the place was empty. They should cut prices by 20% to compete.
Potato-leek soup was great.  Scallops were far from the best I've had.  Accompanying grain was pretty tasteless.   Upstairs room was good for the quiet.
This place is adorable. The chalkboard walls and cute little tables give the place a cozy hipster vibe. 

Came once with my friends for happy hour after class and dragged my bf along. Things I've tried: 

Lamb burger- This was good. Surprisingly filling too for how little it was. The parsley tahini sauce went well with the lamb and radishes

Bacaro burger- the open faced-ness of the burger made it a little hard to share so we just dug in with our knives and forks. the sauce that covered it was super tasty and delicious. 

Roasted fresh tomatoes pizza- oh man this was spicy! we were warned though and it was the perfect amount of spicy for us. we didn't really like how big the pieces of tomato were though. They ended up falling off while we were eating. 

Lamb stuffed eggplant- my favorite! the lamb ended up being green though which we were sorta weirded out by but the flavors went together perfectly. 

This place is definitely on the pricier side but it's decent during happy hour from 5-7 every Monday through Thursday when all places are $5
Bacaro is charming
Bacaro is delicious
Bacaro is awesome.

This wine bar is pretty much down the street from my apartment at USC, and it's an excellent, excellent place to chill at after dinner. They have a good selection of wine which I am just starting to explore. For a small place, their menu is pretty big. For example, they have two different ros wines from different regions...one more fruity, one more dry. You can have whatever you like!

For people that I take here, the cabernet sauvignon is usually a good pick since it's very accessible, and very solid. But really, nothing that I've tried here has disappointed.

I usually come after dinner-time when their kitchen is closed. Danny, one of the owners who is usually around at those hours, is a chill guy that is interesting to talk to and ask questions to. Both of the owners are USC alumni, and I get the feeling that they do this for the love of wine, food, and people. Which is good, because I love those same things!

As far as food goes, their cheese is pretty good. Personally, I think the brie stands out as borderline incredible. One time I ordered their burger to-go and drank a beer while I waited. For $7, I didn't really know what to expect. It came out open-faced and a little on the small side (since it is a small-plates type of place), but once I took a bite all was right with the world. It was so delicious!

Whenever I go, the parking is painless. And of course, the interior looks great. They list their menu on the walls made of chalkboard, and the ceiling is strewn with empty bottles. I like it a lot.

Highly recommended!
Q:  What do you get when you cross a beeyatch and a tray?  
A:  The waitress I had during my first and FINAL visit to the Napa Valley Grille.

I'm very lenient when it comes to servers.  I used to be in food service, so I know that serving food to people with all types of personalities is not an easy task.   In fact, I go out of my way to help a server when I know he/she is really bad.  But this waitress that I had tonight managed to piss me off so bad that I couldn't wait to get home to Yelp about my crappy experience.

First, she treated my table like it didn't exist, but paid plenty of attention to the blue hairs sitting at the next table ordering expensive bottles of wine and lots of food.   Sure, I get that servers should give a lot more attention to your higher paying classy customers.  But at least PRETEND that the smaller group at the next table ordering happy hour food is not the bane of your existence.  And would it hurt to bring out my drink order within 20 minutes?  I don't think I was asking for too much.

Second, she overcharged us an extra drink and 2 orders of food.   And again, I understand that this happens quite often with large groups of people.  While 4 people isn't considered a 'large' in most circles, I guess can cut this waitress some slack because she probably didn't know how to count past two (or maybe one).

Finally, when we told the waitress that she overcharged us, she turned it around as if we were trying to rip her off.  We showed her the drinks we ordered, which were still on our table, and politely told her that we neither ordered nor received the extra dishes that she overcharged.  She tried playing the jedi mind trick on us to convince us that we ordered and received the overcharged items, but she came to her senses after she realized that bitchiness is no substitute for the Force.    

I'm never, ever going back to this place.  It was such a horrible experience.  I should throw up right now.  Napa Valley Grille, you should weed out your sh*tty employees, especially this beeyatch.
Shay's. Bar crawl visit #3. Hands down probably the best place we went to all night. It's sort of sub level and has outdoor seating. Very laid back, no obnoxious music being pumped out of some lousy loudspeakers and it's pretty much your typical Boston's version of an Irish pub. Mostly kind of hipster-scenester doofus kids, but a good mix overall. If it wasn't for the guy who looked like Q-Tip and his friends trying to mack on me & Liz the entire time we were there, it may have been a 5 star venue for me.
Let's get to the important stuff... their food was delicous!!!  We went there last Sunday and everyone at the table had the prime rib dinner.  It comes with a salad (wedge, Fleming's house salad or Caesar), a side and dessert.... all for only $36.

The prime rib was cooked perfectly.  I like mine medium rare and it was spot on.  Overcooked prime rib is a no-no in my book.  It was tender and seasoned just right.  

Everyone at the table shared their sides.... lobster mac and cheese, some type of au gratin potato, green beans, and sauteed mushrooms.  Each side was great... not too rich, not too salty.

The only dish that wasn't so great was the chocolate lava cake.  It was kind of dry.  The cheesecake was REALLY good... and I don't even care for cheesecake.

The service was top-notch.  The servers were attentive without being in your face.  Everyone there knew their roles and it showed.  We never had to ask for anything... water, condiments, cocktails, etc. showed up like clock work.  And each course was timed perfectly.

The hostess staff was friendly and didn't have any problem switching us to a larger table even though the restaurant was very busy and our original table was already set.  I really appreciated that.

I can't wait to go back.

UPDATE:

We went back and were a little disappointed.  The food wasn't horrible, but it was no where near as good as the last time.  Maybe it was just an off night.  We will still eat here.
Some of the best food by USC.  I have been to this place many times but have yet to write a review. The tapas are a great size for sharing and always good.  Their happy hour is 5-7pm mon-thur and tapas are only $5 and on monday wine by the glass is half off all day long (i recommend going on monday).

Their Bacaro Burger is amazing (open faced and the perfect size). Their bruschette and crostini are great appetizer options.  

I would recommend trying it out if you are in the neighborhood.
Silly me!! I had a "D'Oh!" moment and took my vegetarian boyfriend here. The menu online led me to believe that there was some sort of portobello mushroom burger and a bunch of sides that he could enjoy.

There's no burger. Or..if there is, it is strictly a lunch thing.

The waitress was nice and offered to see what the chef could do. She came back promptly and said that he could grill a portobello and season it with salt and pepper. Does that sound appealing to you? Yea, my boyfriend didn't think so either and opted to get a bunch of sides.

I got the petite filet mignon, cooked med well. It was cooked just like I like it and it was delicious! Flavorful meat without the tons of seasoning!

The sides are...above average. The one thing I remember: the ravioli app. Looks good on paper, but in reality= not awesome and not worth $8 for the 3 raviolis.

Overall, nice place. Would probably come back. After winning the lottery or finding a rich carnivore sugar daddy.
If Palamino's wasn't across the street then Napa Valley Grille would be ok, the only thing is their happy hour food isn't better or cheaper than Palamino's so there's really no point in going there. Their sliders are pretty good but aside from that, everything i had at Palamino's was both tastier and cheaper...
So I've been back for the happy hour again a few times...

I've given the $6 burger a few more chances considering how much ppl on yelp seemed to like it. I guess the first time with the over salty burger was a fluke, because man those things are good. Even at well done it is still tasty, although I like to order it at medium. Medium here is very pink in the middle so be warned. The burgers are very meaty and juicy. If you get it with onion rings they give you two large ones and they are made perfectly crispy. If you get fries you get a good amt. 

The calamari is so hit or miss, inconsistent but hey it IS only $6. The portion size is good but last time oi the crusts were so soggy but the calamari itself was fresh and cooked perfectly. So I derno I'd order this depending on your mood.

Tried the shrimp dish (not the cocktail one), it is served with 4 shrimp and a piece of bread in a sauce. The sauce is slightly spicy and the shrimp were cooked perfectly, but portion size wise it was not as worth it as some of the other dishes. Still it was tasty.

I love the beef carpaccio. I did end up giving the seared ahi tuna a shot once, disappointing overall.  

Drinks- I'm weak sauce so all of this tasted alcoholic enuf to me, although one person claimed he tasted none. *shrug* For me they were done perfectly.

the clear cosmo- yum with the lil dried blueberries at the bottom. The other times I had it I never got lemon shavings. Only once...out of 4 times? weird
pomtini- tasted more like grapefruit than pomegranate
tropical something- fruity and coconutty. I enjoyed this one
sidecar- probably the strongest one, limey in taste was all right.
We had the Sunday prime rib dinner and I just want to confirm that this is not the place to have it.  Prime rib was below par. Mac and cheese was runny and don't even try the funky creamed corn. Least to say food is not palatable and the dessert took forever so we opted for a togo box.
I hate harvard square but I'll deal with it if I can come here afterwards. a nice cozy pub with a good beer selection, less annoying crowd than you'd expect for the area, and good eats.
I used to LOVE the outdoor area, especially in the nice weather, but now that I am non smoker, it makes me smell bad when I hang out there because it's where all the smokers go.
Hands down one of my favorite tapas place! I think I'be tried practically everything here already and nothing has disappointed! I always wish I had more stomach room when I come here because I usually want to order the entire menu. Do not go without trying their Bacaro burger with a fried egg! Must try. This place is so also decently priced with $5 a plate during happy hour!
Nice bustling energy on a weekday night. Good - but not exceptional - Italian fare, though the gourmet pizzas are really the way to go. The crust is a revelatory experience, and there are about a thousand intriguing options.
Had a terrific meal here! My friend Christine and I went in with a steak craving, and were not disappointed. Our server, Natalie, was fantastic! I have a fruit allergy, and Natalie made absolutely certain that no fruit hit my plate. 

I had the steak and lobster special. Both my steak and lobster were cooked to perfection. Absolutely delicious; I ate every bite! Christine ordered the petite filet with gorgonzola sauce and asparagus. Let's just say there wasn't a whole lot of conversing during dinner because we were too busy enjoying steak heaven. 

And desert? The chocolate lava cake of course! Oh! My! Gawd!! *Nom nom nom!*

The meal was not cheap, but worth every penny. Will most certainly return!
Nice ambience, although so dark we had to rely on light from the streetlight outside to read the menu and then couldn't really see the food.  Service was a bit slow, considering it was not crowded.  I was expecting a very good meal, but the food just wasn't that great.  Soup was underseasoned, chopped salad was tasty.  Probably looked good, too, but as I said, too dark to tell. I ordered duck breast, which was tough and not very tasty. Came with brussels sprouts which were totally burnt. Yuck. My son had the steak which was ok.  Carrot side dish was kinda tough and not very interesting. I guess this is more a place for happy hour, not the dinner menu
I had my first dinner here this past Saturday and the meal was amazing. We started off with the french onion soup which was delicious. I then had the prime ribeye. I am one of those girls that loves a good piece of meat and I can say first hand that this meat was tender and tasteful. A+. The brulee was to die for. I will definitely come back for more. Smooches.
A few notes:
1. a nice place to couples (or two people) - it's just too small for even three or four.
2. Cash only, although there is an ATM across the street.
3. Wines are all imports. Nice to see someone trying something different, but it does seem odd in the middle of a great wine region.
4. Tapas are pricey - as much as full entrees at restaurants of its class.

Granada is a unique place and I don't mind stopping by once in a while, but overall not impressed.
3.5 / 5

A lot of people here having a drink late at night before closing.  I had the Napa breeze which I thought was very very good!  Refreshing sparkling wine, malibu rum, pineapple juice, grenadine juice.  Again very very good!  

My fiancee had the Tunnel of Elms.  An '07 Cab from Napa Valley which was also a winner!  What can you say, they're a winery.

Drinks go for $4-7.  Nice little spot in Westwood Village.  I'd come back again!
Cute little happy hour spot! I haven't been for dinner...I came after work around 4pm with my buddy  and we had a good time. The patio looks nice for a pretty day with a little fireplace outside..ooh la la.

The happy hour is from 3pm until 7pm which is great. The happy hour drinks were $6 bucks  with about 4 to choose from, wells were $5. The cherry cocktail is soo yummy it really tastes like a cherry coke float! It has whipped cream vodka in it...a new discovery for me to stock my bar with! Also the apple martini was delish as well.

They have a nice little selection of cheeses on happy hour...I absolutely adored the truffle tremor goats milk. We also had the pizzette's and the mini tacos.

If your in the area this is a great little happy hour spot! Check it out!
The four stars is pretty accurate. Went here last night, and had a great experience; just not sure if it was a $50/head great experience. Granted, my friend and I both had the wine flights, so that's quite a bit of wine for around ~$20, and you get to sample a variety, so that's not a bad deal at all. The food was good -- great combinations of flavors, very seasonally appropriate menu too, which I appreciated. I got pumpkin tamale with apple-pumpkin seed salsa, apple-rutabage puree, and a quinoa/cranberry stuffed poblano pepper. It was delicious. I only had the half-sized entree, but that was plenty of food. I just wish they'd warned for the heat of the stuffed pepper, but then, it was a stuffed pepper, so what did I expect? 
Dessert was also basically fall on a plate: apple with strudel on the inside (so a reverse strudel, I suppose), apple cider sorbet, butternut squash lassi, and pumpkin-walnut gateau. Overall, the flavors came together very well, and it was a good mix of textures, though honestly, the dessert components would not have been standouts individually. 

The ambience is great; it's quiet enough to talk, but still energetic and fun. Seems like a great date place, and I will probably be back. Hopefully on a date, and hopefully when I'm prepared for a $50 dinner (I'd been thinking of just a regular $15-20 dinner for last night, which is probably why I was taken aback by the price, not that it's too expensive for what it is).
I like Shay's. They have an alright beer selection but the wine selection is pretty awesome. I love going here and sharing a bottle of vino with a friend. I've never had food here so this review is totally about the beer and wine. This place can get packed in the evenings but I generally go in the afternoons, especially at the weekends. If you go at this time, you'll get a seat, it won't be loud, you'll enjoy your drinks immensely and maybe even meet some cool people to chat with while you sip delicious vino's from around the world.
Need a great place to eat that you can tell your friends you found on your own. Go here. Great food, great everything.
This place is AMAZING. I could eat here every single night without ever getting sick of it. Every single item on this menu is delicious. And then there is the wine. A great selection of wine from vineyards around the world. This is the perfect destination for wine lovers looking for new, off the beaten path, wines to try. Accompany the wine with an absolutely phenomenal menu and you're set for the night. 

The plates are small, so you can try a lot of different things. I suggest starting with a few plates to share, and get one plate for yourself. Also, definitely get a cheese and save room for dessert! My favorites:
the chipotle cauliflower, bruschetta, scallops and the bread pudding for dessert. An absolutely wonderful hidden gem in the USC area. 

Also, take some time to get to know the owners and the chef. They are all wonderful people and will make your experience even better.
I went and had happy hour there. I've been before and had an excellent experience eating cheese and drinking sangria outside on their patio. So I assumed I would have a repeat encounter last night. Fortunately for the Grille their food and drinks, wisely chosen, allows for a great time. 

Service?......I will definitely be back for the food :). 
I enjoyed happy hour inside since the patio was full due to a private party. Sat at one of the booths in the corner. Pretty busy so I had to get someone's attention  to have them come over and take our order. I'm a lot more lenient towards slow service when it's backed by a smile but I had THE most bitter bartender greet us. He was rude and gave me attitude for asking him questions. Once I ordered our drinks he brought them and ran off. My wine was a little too musky and I apologized for changing my Pinot to a Cab and he gave me one of those "too f-n bad" looks and never returned. Had to get up and order from his much nicer and highly more attentive counterpart at the bar.  She was the saving grace of the night, she took over and smooth sailing ensued. 

Note to Mr. bald bartender- turn your frown upside down no one likes a debbie downer. I know your busy but c'mon you're making money! And I'm the one giving it to you! 

The drink points:
$2 pabst beer
$4 house reds and whites 
$6 higher end reds and whites- Had the Robert Mondavi cab, very good.
$6 specialty cocktails- Girlfriend had then spicy piarita made with muddle jalapeo, cilantro, and golden pineapple. Tasty drink with a kick. 

The food points:
Beef slider duo- Awesome flavor. Fluffy buttery bun. Horseradish fondue sauce completes the equation. Only downside, slightly  overcooked. Oh well. Tasted great. 

Braised beef tostada duo- A MUST HAVE. From the braised beef, cojita cheese, and ranchera sauce. Difficult to eat but worth the mouth watering sauce dripping down your hands. Ordered twice. 

Parmesan Fries- DO IT!! Tossed in "rustic" parmesan cheese. Great for sharing. 

Heirloom tomato pizette- Crazy good. Tomatoes were incredibly ripe and delicious. Pizza was thin and crispy. Cheese was gooey and awesome. Also great for sharing.

Mac n cheese with braised beef- The dish came out scolding hot not a bad thing but it didn't allow for flavors to marry. Once cooled from scolding to a hot dish it was ok. Made with a tortellini type pasta, the dish lacked in greatness. Braised beef was clumped together and overcooked. Its a big dish good for sharing not sure if I would order again.

All in all my experience was still great. A few bumps here and there but it won't deter us from returning. Will think twice about sitting at the bar if Mr. Sunshine is the one serving us. Sorry Grille but it's the truth.
We went there for Valentines, had filet mignon and lobster; and overall the food was good. Although the filet could be a bit more flavorful and jucier. The lobster was done just right, not overcooked, served in the tail, not fishy, with a very nice sauce spiced with siracha.

Food presentation was good and service was ok, not outstanding.

The dessert was a red velvet cake layered with strawberry mouse, and the cake was definitely dry.

This restaurant rates as a 3 star steakhouse (average). I've certainly experienced much superior surf & turf at other establishments.
Good stuff! Sit outside, drink a nice glass of wine for $5-6 or a pint of beer for $5, munch on a tasty burger - I went last night with a friend and even on a cool spring night with temperatures in the upper 50s, it was a great place to hang out.

Prices could be dive-bar-ier, I guess, but for the location -- it's a bargain.

Probably cooler if you smoke -- if you're sitting outside, be sure you don't mind being around smokers.
All my experiences at Cova have been positive, ok so it's only been 2 but still! The waitstaff is friendly and attentive. They are knowledgable about the wine sold there, not just whats on the happy hour menu (Mon-Wed 4-7 $5 wine and tapas at bar). I don't generally people watch but the location and spirits make it an interesting place to watch others. In the evenings it gets pretty loud, but not unbearably or obnoxiously so, and the volume is a welcome respite from library-esq wine places. But, I wasn't impressed by the food. I think they should add one or two simplers dishes for those want something more familiar with a nice glass of wine. And there's a $10 corkage fee, but if you don't finish it just take it home!
Really great food, portions were just right. I'n not a big guy, nor a really big eater, but I've been to some nicer restaurants and they serve really small portions. Don't get me wrong, its really good food, but I like being full when I walk out of a restaurant, not having to get a little something more in order to tide me over.

The server was very helpful, knew a ton about all of the options, and didn't just point out the most expensive thing and say it was the best. 

It really comes down to your own tastes and perferences, but you can definitely order the wrong thing as far as wines go. They try their best to give a little bit of an indicator as to the taste, but if you are picky it might be best to try a couple different ones. They have samplers and different ways of letting you get what you want, but I myself ordered two cabs blindly and really enjoyed both of them.

There is also live jazz on thursdays, which I have yet to experience but love the idea of it.

It was really good to me!
Great place. Nice service, delicious Clams Vongole (they make it better than any other place i have been to).  Its great to go for lunch because the prices are a little less and you pretty much get the same amount for dinner.  Out of the places in Princeton, it is consistently good.
Very popular restaurant in Princeton. Reservation is not accepted. Service is not good and not attentive and as the matter of fact, quite slow. Food is decent but it does not justify the cost . I really think it is overrated.
Well, I should start off by saying I almost don't want to write this place up because I don't want it to become a hot spot. All selfishness aside, this is a GREAT place to come for Happy Hour. I originally came here for an anniversary dinner with my boyfriend. It was REALLY expensive. 2 drinks each and more food than we could eat...but $200. Too much. The best way to come here is for there 7 day a week happy hour till 7pm. All of the appetizers we had ($6) were great (the ahi was only good). The best by far was the burger. Man oh man, that was the best $6 I've ever had. Had yummy herb crusted bacon that was to die for. Huge portions for all appetizers. The crab cakes were big and meaty. None of this small bready nonsense. Drinks were strong and yummy. Will definitely be back....just leave me a seat at the bar.
What a find in Blacksburg!  In all honesty, i have only been to the wine bar area but the overall atmosphere is very unique to the area.  The "house" is divided into 3 main area's - main restaurant, wine/beer bar and a regular bar with pool tables/tv's/etc (which is seperated for noise purposes).  They have a piano player that sits in the main dining area that can also be heard in the wine bar.
I have been to the wine bar on 2 different occasions and both have been very good experiences.  Within the wine bar, they have booths, tables as well as a few leather couches/chairs.
The service is very good.  The hostess was very nice and explained their layout and then took me to the requested wine bar area.  Both times i have sat in the leather sofa section.  Not only did the server check on me quite often, the hostess came by on occasion to make sure everything was all right.
For food, i have only had the appitizers.  I have had the spinach artichoke dip and the buffalo chicken flatbread pizza.  Both were really good and seemed very fresh.  I have seen entree's ordered within the wine bar area and they have each looked very good as well.
The wine list has lots of whites and reds to choose from.  The hostess mentioned that they have a few staples but they also rotate the list quite often.  The wines are priced very fair which allows you to venture out and try different styles.
Overall, i rate this a great experience in Blacksburg.  It definitely different from other restaurants in the area and its obvious from their attention to service that they are trying hard to succeed!
so I've passed by time and time again with a mild interest in going but always tempered with the fear that this place will just end up being some upper level CPK/Cheesecake factory restaurant. - it TOTALLY wasn't. More like less pretentious Napa Valley style dinning with great wines. 

The food was a little pricey for a big location like this but still reasonably priced for the portions and quality.  The service was very friendly but exceedingly knowledgeable.  The waiter didn't send over a stuffy somolier but could intelligently discuss the food/wine pairing and the different grapes used in various wine flights we were considering.  He also had a good knowledge of the cheeses we were thinking about, from what cheese maker/family it was made from to the varying combinations of cheese and wine we would like.

I was pleasantly surprised by this place and wouldn't mind coming back at all. There's plenty of room here for a small office event too if ever the need arose.
One of my favorite places you can go to get a ridiculously good steak, or, if you are in the mood, get some really great seafood dishes.  Most steakhouses I have experienced can only do steak well, but Flemings has a killer ahi appetizer and ahi mignon.  Last night they had a black cod (butter fish) in miso sauce that was amazing.  I think it was just a special b/c I don't ever remember seeing black cod on the menu before so if you ever go there and it's an option, forgo the steak.  You won't regret it.

On a side note: If you are a party of 2 or 3, I would recommend sitting at the bar while dining.  The back bar room has a great atmosphere and the bartenders are very attentive.  It adds a nice comfortable feel to the dining experience.  Sitting in the dining room is okay too but it always seems stuffier and service just doesn't compare.
I usually go for happy hour with a friend and we always enjoy ourselves. They have happy hour specials during the week, until 7pm if I'm not mistaken. We get the sliders and fries.. soo good. Happy Hour is only in the bar area however, and there is not much seating unless you sit outside. They do have heat lamps and it is enclosed, but it may not be the best option if it's freezing outside. The service is good too.
Bartender very friendly and just great live jazz with no cover all the times! A must hang!
booze? decent margaritas.  wine?  cheaper at palominos.
calamari? chewy.  i had to chew that calamari for some time before swallowing.  no good.  calamari at palomino's? much much better
good baja fish tacos tho.
service: the lady took our drinks order only...even after we sat around for a while.  what about our food?  we had to flag her down.  that was an issue.

bottomline: palominos for cheaper drinks, better food, and ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR (one caveat tho--napa valley sits you in the restaurant for late night happy hr if the bar area is full; palomino's does not.)
Love this place!! 
I have gone tons of times with friends and family, but it does get crowded easily. We normally walk there from my apt cause 1 glass is NEVER enough! The food is awesome the price is a little much for the quantity but the quality is there.
Wow. Night and Day.  What a difference from our first experience.  At the request of the GM, we were asked to give Fleming's a second try.  

The restaurant was buzzing with lots of diners on this Tuesday night.  
Our server was professional and on top of everything.  Table crumbed multiple times.  Meal paced well.  She made sure our molten lava cake was ready to be delivered immediately after our entrees were cleared.  

Biggest difference:  everything we ordered was available.  Not sure what happened on our previous trip (two wines were out of stock and the prix fix was no longer available after I ordered it). 

The steaks were cooked to perfection.  We had also ordered the lamb chops which were huge compared to the last time and they were nice and juicy.  I ordered the sole and it was very tasty.  

Very pleasant experience.  Makes me have faith that there possibly might be a good meal in suburbia with intelligent service.  Hope you get our server if you come here, she made the difference.
I went to Vinology with friends for dinner last night to take advantage of Restaurant Week. It was my first time there, and just a disclaimer before I begin my review--I only ordered a meal and did not sample the wine.

The restaurant has a nice ambience and halfway through dinner, they switched to mood lighting. It was a bit crowded when we were there but probably because it was a Friday evening and the last day of Restaurant week.  This would probably be a good place to come after after work to sip a few wines and enjoy a few appetizers.

We got there fairly early, around 5pm, but no one came around to refill our water or take our drink orders for at least 40min, even though we were still waiting on a few others to show up. From the sounds of it, it seemed that the waiter showed up to work half an hour late, but surprisingly, no one stepped in to take his place.

The entire menu for the evening was the event menu with three or four options each for the first two courses and dessert.  The price was set at $25 for the three course meal and there was no option of ordering anything not on the event menu for that evening.  I ended up going with the ravioli, orechiette pasta, and shortcake.

The ravioli was mediocre. It was soaked in some sauce and had candied pear toppings. I wasn't particularly impressed, mostly because the ravioli was simultaneously sweet and bland.

The pasta was fine, a little salty towards the end, but decent. There were also absurd amounts of pesto, in giant chunks strewn about in the mix and a few balls of mozzarella.  The first few bites seemed delicious, but it may have been because I was starving by the time course number two came around. We were not served the second course until around 6:40pm, which is a little ridiculous. 

The dessert was fine. There was a syrupy assortment of berry toppings on the shortcake, but it wasn't anything remarkable. I didn't finish all of it because I had to scoot, I had an appointment for 7:30, and it was 7:15 by the time they rush served us our desserts.  We were there for almost two and a half hours!

The manager came over to see how we were doing, and when he found out that we weren't pleased with the pace of the service, he offered to bring us coffee or other non-alcoholic beverages on the house.
First I will explain the 4 star rating I gave.  This place was very good, but I would expect the quality and service based on the price.  It is true that you get what you pay for and since I paid a lot I feel like they met my expectations but did not exceed them.  The service is very good, they pay very good attention to details and the food came out in perfect timing.  My bone-in fillet was a perfectly cooked medium rare.  The sides were plentiful and tasty.  The salad had the perfect amount of dressing and was very good.  The chocolate lava cake was awesome!  I am not normally a desert person and I could not stop eating it.  The only disappointment was having to pay for valet parking after a $250 meal for two.
A quiet place to come for lunch; would make a good study spot. The term "wine bar" is overreaching, I think, since the wine menu is only about a dozen options, but a solid food menu and beer selection make pub appropriate. The Malbec I had ($6) was pretty good. It was slightly past its prime, but it ended up being a perfect compliment to the star of this show: the fries were hunks of delicious potatoes that were some of the most delicious I've ever had.
Had a fabulous dinner with my husband and two teen boys.  We arrived early, so we had cocktails at the bar.  I'm pleasantly surprised to see the 99 cal drinks.  I had the tickled pink which was lovely.  For the meal, I ordered the $39.99 prix fixe, and the boys had the prime rib special.  All the food were fantastic.  The steak/prime rib were cooked to perfection, and all the sides were delicious.  You can not miss dessert.  We ordered the lava cake, creme brulee, and a frozen lime pie.  All were superb.
Hot cider in the winter is highly recommended. Mmm, warm drunky fun.
Steaks cooked to perfection
A wine list to write home about
Sides are great
Salads are great
Service is excellent
and the tequila flows like water

I believe Flemmings is how you say heaven in Gaelic.
I always enjoy coming here. It can get pretty busy during patio season, but the patio is my favorite reason for going. Tightly packed and noisy, it's a great time on warm summer nights. When it's chilly outside, I like to come for a glass of wine and grab a table to talk with friends. Definitely a favorite place of mine in Harvard Square.
nothing too fancy, but good price on a Sunday deal. nothing will make us come back here except for the deal. the portion was sooo small that you can barely find it on the plate..hehehe
Went tonight for the first time. Since it was restaurant week we asked for the restaurant week menu. We noticed that every other table around us was ordering off the regular menu. It's like they have it, but if you don't mention you want it, you won't get it.

Anyway, positives and negatives about my experience:

Positive: Food was good.

Negative: Service was sooo slow. We were seated at 5:45. By 6:25 we still hadn't gotten our first course. It's not like the kitchen is backed up at 6PM. I overheard the people next to us complaining about the slow service as well.

Positive: When the manager came over and checked on us, we explained that we had theater tickets and were in a time crunch. Our server really stepped up the pace after that.

Negative: Award for Most Boring Wine List. Most of the wines are what you can find at any major grocery store (for quadruple the price, of course). No imagination whatsoever. Those boring wines are not worth drinking in a restaurant.

All in all, not a horrible place, but you best not be in a hurry if you go here!
This is one of my favorite places to eat Italian food in RI. Really at the top of Italian food offered in RI. Everything is fresh and well prepared; I have never had a bad experience at Bacaro. 
The salads are extremely fresh and well prepared, the meats aged to perfection, the fish is always fresh and well prepared. I can't recommend it highly enough. Try Bacaro you will NOT be disappointed.
I love coming here for their tasty selection of tapas.  I love it even more because of the deals that they offer:  $21 for 3 tapas plates and $5 each during happy hour!

Bacaro LA is a great place to go if you're livin life, ballin on a budget.
Came for a romantic(al) anniversary dinner. We made reservations online for the memorable meals which consisted of two 6-ounce filets, two Australian lobster tails, two chopped wedge salads, Fleming's potatoes, sugar snap peas, and two chocolate mousse with hazelnut bark all for $99! Nice atmosphere but I was disappointed to see so many people in sweatshirts and jeans. Granted, that's usually my clothing of choice MTWRF but if I'm gonna dress up and pay upwards of $100 for my meal, I expect everyone else to do the same. lol

We were seated right away and because our meals were more or less pre-ordered and we had brought our own wine (corkage is $20), the waiter asked us how we wanted our steaks cooked right away. The salads came quickly and everything else came at a good pace. The salad was OK. It doesn't take much effort to chop a wedge out of lettuce and sprinkle bleu cheese, red onions, grape tomatoes and some dressing on it. 

The filet mignon was cooked to my liking (medium) and the lobster tail was also very good. The potatoes were just scalloped potatoes, nothing to write home about but the snap peas were awesome. I especially enjoyed the sauce it was cooked it. The mousse was good too but I didn't end up eating that much of it because I was so full.

I actually really liked our waiter. He was very friendly and anytime one of us went up to use the bathroom, he folded our napkins back up into a swan which I thought was cute. Actually, I felt bad the first time he did it because it made me feel uncouth for just leaving it on my chair. 

All in all, it was most certainly a memorable meal and I would go again should they have this deal or something similar in the future. The memorable meal deal ends on July 31st. This is the link to make reservations for it: http://www.flemingssteakhouse.com/email/99Email.html
I saw Fleming's Sunday night roast beef special, 12 oz roast beef, a salad, a side and dessert for $30 (as opposed to $38 regularly) and we were sold.  The promo is working, because the place was packed when we arrived for our 6:45 reservation.  Our waiter, i think his name is Cash, is excellent.  He was very attentive, gave us lots of good recommendations, including a nice bottle of cab from B.R. Cohn.  I had the Fleming's salad, and hubby got the Caesar salad.  My baked potato was awesome, but i had to ask for more sour cream, and the REAL bacon bits (or chunks) was awesome.  I barely touched my roast beef because there was so much of it, and we had to save room for dessert.  We got lava cake and cream brulee (both recommendations from the waiter, excellent!), the lava cake was not very lava-y, but that's okay, because it is still chocolate cake.  We enjoyed our sunday dinner so much that i booked a table for a couple of Sundays from now, and we are taking my in laws to dinner here to enjoy the roast beef dinner special!
Since my bad brunch experience I have been here for a number of receptions and a business dinner. Those have been a much better experience, probably a 3.5. 
Their dinner menu has a pretty good selection and their portions are generous. I liked my scallops although they did not wow me. In short,  it is the only option in Westwood for more upscale dining, but I would go elsewhere if willing to drive.
Good, and not particularly overpriced for the area * quality of food.  
4.5 stars...

Been here a couple of times for dinner and once for lunch...

The olive oil with bread basket freebie is usually stellar, though there was one time when I was not pleased with the oil.

On the recent trips, once I had the Penne all' Arrabbiata (w/ chicken), one of my all-time favorite pasta dishes. It is a fairly simple dish, but both the chicken and the pasta were so perfectly cooked I would be amazed if the chef can pull that off every time.  The sauce is very tasty and deliciously spicy.  I was going to opt for meatless, but the server informed me they use organic chicken meat hence I opted in.

At the same caliber was their eggplant rollatini appetizer (of the day), with out of this world taste...

I also recommend their uovo (egg) pizza, which if I remember correctly was a tomato-less spinach and cheese pizza with black truffle and an egg cracked in the middle (after cooking).  Quite interesting and very delicious.

They do have some mediocre items - I did not find their flatbread panini di verdura (vegetarian) as tasty as it sounded.  Reminded me of another bad panini I had in Mediterra (from the same owner)...

They do change up their items quite a bit, which is why it is fun to come to this restaurant at least every season or two.
One of my favorites in Princeton. Reasonably cheap (you'll have to forgive Princeton for having inflated food prices generally) and always tasty with good service. 

I've gotten many different dishes here over the years and nothing failed to be excellent.

Salads, pizzas, pastas, desserts -- every single area is done well by this place. Rich with flavor, never feeling too heavy (except this one peach cake/dessert -- but oh so worth it), fresh. Go here - it's good.
Live yelping from shays right now. This place is extremely cute with great outdoor seating great music and a nice homey vibe. Glad we finally checked it out.
Simple and quick: They have some of the best food on earth.  Order anything, it it is great.  Ask for special requests, they have no issues with them.
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and I really liked the ambiance! We ordered the Prime rib, Carpaccio, Crab cakes, and Creme brulee. The prime rib was a lil dry but everything else was great! 

We also ordered a bottle of the Greg Norman which tasted amazing for the price! Overall I give them 3 stars because for that price the food should have been a little better.
yes, i know i'm updating...AGAIN. but i went with Julianne L. and Letitia W. today. and i just wanted say. Bacaro rocks. and the only thing that rocks harder is Santos. enough said!
Dear Bacaro,
 Oh, Dispenser of acceptable wine and Delicious food, how may I tout your virtues? 
I went for their $25 beefsteak and wine (all you can eat and drink) Sunday venue.  What more can I ask for? The wine was ever flowing, only one type Spanish red..I think, maybe from South America.  It was light and slightly chilled, the way a light red should be.  All you can drink beer too, but Bud light on draught does not do the food justice. The steak?  Sliced thin atop crustini, ranging from medium rare to well, nicely seasoned and tender to the bite.  Good rosemary potato spears accompanied the steak, but really...who comes for the potatoes? For this event, this is what to expect, though you can order other things for extra.  Service: solid, bringing plateful after plateful, glassful after glassful.  Overall a great experience.  Come with friends, get ready to spend some time and a little money, chatting over good food and drink and leave happy.  
As for being close to USC, thank goodness! No need to go downtown for a good atmosphere.
Awesome happy hour menu and cheap drink!!  I would veer away from the pasta dishes on the main menu. They are over priced and not as tasty. 

The fish tacos and Mac n cheese are the two dishes to get.
First, the review for the dining room:  While the steak was tasty and the bearnaise sauce the best I've had, I didn't really feel like we got our money's worth.... even after using a gift card we had!  That being said, the service and everything else was good, but I just wasn't impressed and really had no interest in going back to dine there.  Therefore, going to Fleming's for dinner is more like 3 stars.

However, happy hour is a completely different story, more like 4 stars!  I really like their 99 calorie cocktails (I've had ones at other places, but these take the cake!).  The carpaccio is EXCELLENT and definitely something to crave.  The brie was tasty, but could have used granny smith apples instead and/or some extra brown sugar or something on the crust.  Haven't had the burger yet, but will soon (perhaps even tonight!).

My one problem with happy hour is that the drinks rotate (which is good, in general), but currently they only have fruity "girly" cocktails on the happy hour menu.  Keeping at least one traditional cocktail on there would be better.

Therefore, all in all, I recommend Fleming's for happy hour, not for dinner.
This is specifically for their LUNCH menu plus happy hour specials. My husband has been telling me that their burgers were great so we went yesterday. 

I had FONTINA & BRAISED RED CABBAGE and it was perfect. First, the presentation is very cute. Don't be fooled by the size though... it looks small, but it will fill you up.

 The burger was juicy (get it medium) and had great flavor. The fontina cheese along with slightly sweet and sour red cabbage was a nice combination. It is served with crispy skinny fries (or side salad). The bun is toasted and it doesn't overwhelm the burger. 

If you are looking for a gourmet burger (only $11) that will satisfy your meat craving, you won't regret!
We got a bunch of appetizers and one entree.  The portions were good and the quality was great.  I really enjoyed the lobster tempura!
After checking out Mignon, I decided that I wanted to explore other wine bars in the Los Angeles area and Bocaro seemed like the perfect place to start. As soon as I arrived I noticed that the area surrounding is...let's just say it's not Beverly Hills or anything. We walked in and were promptly seated, ordered our bottle of wine (they didn't have our first one and it took them a while to tell us so we had to switch) and some small tapas styled plates. The food was very good, and the bread was phenomenal. The wine was also excellent--they have a wide variety of wines from all over the world and the wines by the glass are written on a chackboard on the wall (very cool). All in all, the place was okay but not amazing. The subpar decor, shoddy service and bright lighting make it a 2.5 star restaurant.
I went back again for the last wine tasting event of the season. I had gone to the first one and very much enjoyed it. Unfortunately, this one just wasn't as good and dinner afterwards was less than desirable.

To start, the wine tasting was good. Not great. But good. The real fun started when we left the wine tasting for dinner. Although I had made reservations well in advance and was attending the wine tasting, they didn't have a table for us. Because we were hungry, we chose to sat at the bar where the over-worked bartender waited on us. He was in a hurry and in no mood for questions... actually quite rude. Had it just been for the lack of a table and our rude waiter, I wouldn't be dropping my rating to two stars. Unfortunately for us, the food was only okay. In the wise words of Jim Carey in Liar Liar, "I've had better." 

After his smoke break, the bartender came back to see if we wanted dessert (although I had already ordered a chocolate lava cake) and ROLLED HIS EYES when I confirmed my order. Maybe he was smelling himself and almost passing out when his eyes rolled back in his head, but I'm sad to say I think it was because he would have rather been at the bar then helping me.

Sorry, Flemings. My first and third visits were poor. My second visit was great. I can't keep going back to a place that only offers excellent service, food and atmosphere 33% of the time.
A friend of mine loves this place, so I thought I would try it out with her.  The owners pay as much attention to their food as they do to their cleanliness.  This place is more for undergrads who don't know any better and are used to living in muck.

Food:
1) pork belly skewers were burnt to a crisp, not tasty, and dry (dry pork belly?)
2) mac and cheese should be called shells and cheese soup
3) scallops were okay, but gritty
4) bread pudding with ice cream was pretty good
5) garlic bruschetta was my favorite savory item  

Setting:
The bar is small and dirty.  There was a long line of benches to the left of the place when you walk in.  I rested my arm on the top of the benches to find that the entire span was covered in a thick layer of dust.  I thought, "GROSS! My cashmere!".  The shelve behind the benches looked as though a dirty snow had just fallen on it.  It was decorated with rotting sun flowers in green water.  There were what appeared to be blood stains on my seat.  How did that get there? I hope it was wine.  Either way if I can see this much FILTH in their low lighting, then you know this place is hardly ever cleaned, if ever.

Would I  return?  Hell no...
i would prefer to do 4 1/2 stars...but i'll give it 5...

service was exceptional!!!!  my water was never empty and the waiter was friendly but not intrusive. 

this was one of the best steaks I've ever had! (next to a good kobe flatiron)...i had the Porcini rubbed filet, cooked medium.  it was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious. ..perfect amount of flavor and  the serving of sauce was presented beautifully and was a perfect amount again.   the dish included asparagus spears.  mine were perfect...my husbands were a tad larger and were undercooked.  

our appetizer was the carpaccio.  very very very good! wish there were more capers...but yummy! ( i love capers!)

side dish...chipotle mac n chz....this was the weakness.  the texture of the cheese sauce was perfect.  but i didn't taste the chipotle...instead there was a heavy "smoked" flavor.  the dish was made with a smoked cheddar.  i don't think the cheese worked. the cheese really tasted like an american cheese with liquid smoke.  I am sure that is not the case...but it sure tasted like it.    i must give the chef props for doing something different from the trendy gruyere and truffle oil mac n cheese (which i do love)...but it just didn't work. 
the waiter was kind enough to remove it from our bill, which i did not expect but i consider that fair since we didn't even put a dent in it.

i would definitely return.   i am curious to try their sunday dinner specials
THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE HAPPY HOUR:
...which is Monday through Friday from 5-7P. You have to sit on the patio though away from the rich folk...Hah...

I'm a college student on a budget and definitely would not be able to afford going here otherwise. That being said, everything on their happy hour menu (drinks, appetizers and some food) is only $6.

I went with my friends and we shared the brie en croute, which was delicious.  The cheese was gooey and infused with cinnamon and apples. We also tried the fried calamari, which wasn't my favorite--I prefer things to be sauced up.  

My meat eating friends ordered the prime rib burger, which came with a side of shoe-string fries--which is definitely a deal for $6. I can't comment on the taste though but it seems like they enjoyed it?  I had the BBQ canjun shrimp, which was also very good but pretty spicy.
This is place is a lot smaller than I excepted. The tables were small and it you have a party over too people you may be a little cramped. 
Other than that all the food was good. The wine was very good. And the service was on point. Parking is not very convenient .
I wish I could give this Fleming's 3.5 stars, but no such option; therefore, I need to be a little conservative.

The good:

- The Fleming's potatoes were very cheesy and I loved the addition of the jalepenos
- The rib eye was nice and thick and well marbled.  Full flavor.  

The not so good:

- Too loud
- No crust on the steak
- Value.  The steak is about 15% overpriced

The ok:

- The service

All in all, it reminds me of Houston's with better food.
I was here for a special, promotional event, so maybe that changes things up a bit, but I absolutely loved this place. It is a very classy restaurant and the service was outstanding. All of the dishes were beautifully presented and most importantly, they tasted great. I loved their flatbreads and braised beef. Plus, I HAVE to add that their Kale Chopped Salad is probably the best kale salad I've ever had. I was trying to eat a lot of raw food for a while, and was eating a lot of kale, but I never had a kale salad that was this tasty!
GO HERE!!!

This place is beyond amazing!! Rose was our waitress and she was the BEST! Our food was mouth watering. Each bite was better than the last. We had a Gilt City Coupon and we got 2 hrs open bar, 4 plates and a dessert. 

The grilled chicken and polenta cake was so good! The bruschetta blew my mind, mac and cheese was sooooo rich and yummy! The lamb stuffed eggplant was LIFE CHANGING I just didnt want it to end! 

Basically you can't go wrong with anything you get! SO go here to eat and drink, the staff is wonderful and ask for Rose she's a great server!!

Tons of street parking so don't worry about that! 
I LOVE this place :) 
You really need to go here!
Surprisingly good food, but don't go on weekend nights when it turns into a crowded meat market.
I went to this lovely restaurant last Sunday for brunch and had the worst meal I have ever had in a restaurant. I am serious. Our server, without complaint from us, came over and told us that the restaurant would take care of the meal. My guess, at the time, was because we had to wait nearly an hour before getting served. The food was cold. All of it .......cold. I ordered the vegetable benedict. It was cold. I asked for unbuttered toast with butter on the side. The toast was cold, hard and buttered. There was also butter on the side. Our waitress brought us rolls during our wait for any type of food at all. The cinnamon rolls were hard and cold. One was blackened from being over-heated. One of the rolls looked as if the top had been taken off before it got to our table. My 88 year old mother's crab benedict was cold. She asked for some sourdough toast to put under her benedict dish (aren't eggs benedict dishes served on a muffin routinely?). What she got was dry, albeit toasted bread on a dish. It was absolutely hideous. I am not a stranger to fine dining, and I must say I have never experienced ANYTHING like this before. Had I not been with my mother and her elderly friend, I would have left the restaurant. I, honestly, don't even have words for this experience. We were kind, didn't complain and handled the situation with style and sophistication. That is why I will never, ever return to this place again. NEVER have I experienced anything like this before. Napa Valley Grille you should be ashamed!!!!!
My gf is such an avid fan of this place. She works right down the street so she comes here all the time. Anyways, we had a living social deal so we decided to go and meet a friend here. It's a small little intimate place with a nice friendly vibe. The wait staff was very attentive at first, but as the night went on we never really saw them. Maybe because we were in the back corner of the restaurant, but my water never got refilled and we never got asked how we were doing. Kind of sucks because i really wanted to give this place 5 stars. The food was amazing, they're all small plates, but don't let that deceive you because they're all very filling. We ordered about 7 plates for all of us to try. I got the Bacaro burger with a fried egg on top, I'm still not quit sure what's in the burger... but I pretty much licked the plate clean... =/ I also tried the cauliflower with chipotle aioli and that was delicious. Just the right amount of kick. The mac and cheese was really good, but I found the garlic pizza to be a bit too salty. 
Anyways... our bill also got messed up a bit and we got overcharged. NO big deal it got dealt with but I saw the mistake after paying so that was kind of a bust for being overcharged. I would love to try this place again and would definitely come back for that burger.
Great steak, great desserts absolutely terrible service! The waitress was not on top of her game. Our appetizers arrived after a 30 minute wait. One of my friends did not get his steak until later in the evening. They forgot an order of french fries. Too bad such great food is served by such incompetent group of people.
There is a reason why I like yelping new restaurant with Nick H...he is full of surprises and (almost) always find cool places.

So that was my first tapas experience ever and It was yummylicious!!  The place was kinda cool with wine bottles on the ceiling and wine menu on the wall (the wall is a blackboard).  

This place is owned and operated by 2 USC alumni...that explains why most customers were from USC.  You can join the mailing list at bacorolosangeles.com.

Artichoke Hearts with Parmigiano Reggiano: wow wow wow....super delicious.  5 stars!!
Pan Seared Scallops:  I do not like scallops.  The only scallops I like are from Hatfield's.  2 stars.
Poached Shrimps: yummy... 4 stars.
The Bacaro Burger with Fried Egg:  I really like this burger.  4 stars.
Honey Chicken:  not my favorite.  2 stars.
Home Made Ice Cream with Honey:  4 stars...love the honey drizzled on top.
Nutella Sandwich with Strawberries and Banana:  I like nutella sandwich.  3 stars.
Sparkling Orange Drink:  refreshing.  4 stars!!

The prices are reasonable.  $5-7 for Happy Hour.  I will be back!!

4 stars!!

Bacaro is yummylicious!!
Liked the scallops and the Bacaro burger. Wish the place was more roomy but you can say it's part of the experience :)
Everything is horribly overpriced. Calamari was grossly over cooked. Filet was rough, lobster rubbery. Drinks were very expensive and small. For two adults and one kid we spent $175 on a meal. I gave tho place two stars for the service--our waitress was great.
I came here last weekend with my mom and two friends after much anticipation. Assuming it would be comparable to Alexander's in Cupertino, I was looking forward to it. So my mom and I both ordered the petite filet mignon. We asked if anything came with the steak or if it was a la carte, to which the waitress replied "we encourage you to create your own dining experience with side dishes" (yeah each side dish starts at $10). The waitress presented each of us with a huge plate with a small, fatty piece of meat smaller than a small fist. Literally. We audibly laughed. On the center of the plate with nothing 
else at all. Thank God we ordered the overly salty garlic potatoes and creamed spinach. My friends ordered seafood which was apparently much better. But it's a STEAK house- I guess steak isn't their specialty? "Dining experience" my ass.
From 5-7 everyday, all plates are 5 dollars.  Monday is 1/2 price wine by the glass.  You come here at the right two hours on a Monday night and you're entering The Perfect Storm.  

Mark Wahlberg is their fresh-faced 2009 Beaujolais (3.50 for a glass), George Clooney is their delicious gri(zz)lled Hanger Steak (grizzled because he has a beard in that movie; the steak is anything but tough), and John C. Reilly would be the eggplant, I guess, because what other vegetable would John C. Reilly be?   Waiting at home (or at the end of your meal) is Diane Lane, Karen Allen and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio - a delicious crostini trio.  I go with these three, of the six you can choose from: mascarpone and sun-dried tomato tapenade...fresh goat cheese and balsamic endive marmalade...gorgonzola, dates, walnuts and orange honey...in that order.  The gorgonzola is so sweet it qualifies as dessert, but the gem of the bunch is the goat cheese.

Yes, I go there a lot.  Yes, I've had nearly everything on the menu (other standouts are the Bacon and Brie pizza and the Burger).  Yes, I used too many parentheses in this review.  Yes, I spent way too much time researching the cast of the Perfect Storm on imdb. 

Yes, you should eat here.
It was 1999 and I was strolling aimlessly around Harvard Square when I happened upon Shay's Pub.  It was a time when my aunt katie was visiting from London and had taken over my apartment. She is nice, but likes to watch a lot of TV.  We had nice conversations and spent the evenings talking about my friend Rick who she had a crush on. They never did anything but I still remember it.
3.5 stars 

While in town visiting my gf's family, we stopped into Vinology for a late dinner/snack and wine.  I have been to Vinology once before a year or two ago, and remembered enjoying it.  One of the nice things about the wine list and menu is that they various wines that are sold by the glass are classified by the type and style of the wine.  So, if you are looking for something with a "fruit forward" taste and flavor, they are marked for your convenience.    I recall that when I dined here the first time, I knew very little or nothing about wines.  I received a quick lesson though.

Since that time and this past weekends visit, I knew a little more about what I liked, but went with the wine bottle that was chosen, and it was a good choice.  Unfortunately, the first few bottles were 'sold out,' which was a bit disappointing.  

The food was very delicious, just as I remember it.  We ordered a fried squash blossom appetizer to share and I ordered the BBQ Salmon as my main course.  It was very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  There might have been a tad too much sauce, but overall, a successful dish.  The one downside to the meal was probably the service, which was a bit slow, but I was in no hurry.  This is why it gets knocked down a star.  

Overall, this place has a very nice atmosphere and seems to always be crowded.  They would benefit by ensuring that they have some of the more popular wines in stock, but during Homecoming weekend for U of M, I can understand how things would go quickly.
It's a shame this place isn't in West LA, otherwise I'd come here more! I guess the Trojans deserve to have some good eateries nearby :P

First of all, you must come during happy hour (5-7 pm), it makes it even more worth it to try more things! $5 per plate/pizza (Mon-Thur), $5 for half liter/$10 for full liter of sangria, and on Mondays, it's also half off all wine by the glass!

I came to try Bacaro with my fellow Yelp Eliter Karen W. to check out my first wine bar!  There was plenty of street parking in the area, and most signs expired by 6 pm. It's such a nondescript place that it's easy to miss on first glance, but it's that hidden gem you'll be glad you found!

All the decor adds to the charm of this little place. The ceiling is lined with wine bottles and all the lights are crafted from bottles too. The little tables are like little jigsaw pieces that can combine with others to make larger tables. 

Karen went for the poached shrimp and Noa's cauliflower, and I had my eyes on the fried egg pizza and the lamb stuffed eggplant--all of which were delicious. 

The poached shrimp went so well with the citrus chili sauce, topped with basil (and apparently parsley as well? I did not taste that at all). The added crunch of the thinly-shaved radish slices boded well with the shrimp's texture.

The chipotle aioli made the cauliflower dish special. The cauliflower was just the right chewiness, and the mixed greens complemented well. The sauce made all the difference.

The pizza had a slightly runny fried egg oozing over the dish. The mixture of caramelized onions, spinach, and cheese just blended well. I can't believe I'm enjoying it so much without the aid of meat!

My favorite of the night, however, was the lamb-stuffed eggplant. Lamb and eggplant are already two of my favorite ingredients, and Bacaro just adds the finishing touches to blend these marvelous flavors. The lemon garlic emulsion (aka the white goo you'll see) had the perfect saltiness and melded the flavors together. The lemon chip on top added the extra bit of texture that put the dish over the top. 

Of course, we were tempted into a bit of dessert at the end, so we went with the nutella panino. I'd never had a sweet panini, and this little treat of strawberries/bananas and nutella was sprinkled with powdered sugar sure took the cake! 

I'd highly, highly recommend this place as a place to enjoy happy hour after work, catch up with friends, bring a date for a bite and a glass--it's so versatile! 

I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu! And this time, they better have that sample bottle of chipotle aioli the menu promised me!
i come for HH since sis works up the street. their house wine for HH is $6 and not bad at all... their food is really good for HH... but off HH... well you better have a fat wallet or be with someone that does.... Im just sayin...  they have a crab cake with almost no fillers... pure beautiful crab and little else... they have corn dogs, sliders... tons of great stuff... we are mostly served by JP... he is the best ever and did i mention he has to deal with sis's shenanigans once in awhile??? they also have a HH after 930 i think... i have been here over a dozen times... alwasy love it... but again it can get a bit pricey...
Bacaro's been around for a couple of years as a quiet but cool winebar. Perhaps its because I don't enjoy wine, is why I didn't look for it. But lately, I have been more daring and wanting to try more wine, with the films Sideways and Bottleshock.

Bacaro is on the fringes of Downtown LA, just south of the Santa Monica Freeway. You could almost say it's a College Bar, since the close vicinity of USC. Yet, as you walk in, the dark hues and spartan benches and tables give it hipster feel. I like it, as did my friends.

We got there just as the place was filling up with happy hour on its way. So we quickly ordered our tapas - in this case our dinner, with their open face burger with an egg, their white pizza, and one of their cheese plates. Their burger was really good with their almost-like-big-mac-special-sauce with the egg. I could ate it all by my self. Seriously this was a Great Burger with the Texas Toast. Next time, I might ask for the other bun and eat it all by myself. The white pizza was also tasty, yet a bit too salty. I know salty is a common theme when it comes to bar food. I know Miss B and Miss C didn't care too much for the over zestiness. We also had the Pan-Seared Scallops with Charred Brussel Sprouts, Bacon, and Balsamic. I almost forgot to mention the Noa's Cauliflower. This was presented and cooked in a way that I have never seen or tasted. The chipotle spice gives the Cauliflower great personality. Non-veggie guys might like it and can compare the meatiness of the cauliflower to a carnivorous meat. Though the scallops were quite large - they were ho-hum. The Nutella Panino was quite a treat. I didn't think I would like or would want to have dessert, it was quite good. (I am not a big dessert guy). This dessert was like a grilled sandwich, except with nutella and strawberries.

Anyways, this is a nice place to go where the food is good. I like how the menu features names like Noa's, and Dalia's. I wonder who they are. The wine list is something that I'll have to study later.
great happy hour deals!  

i couldn't believe my eyes when the bill came .. we had 4 appetizers (which were a larger size, not small at all), 6 drinks (alcoholic), 3 desserts, 1 coffee and the total came out to be only $84 !!  what a deal! 

i liked the sweet and sour calamari dish and also the beef carpaccio.  my drinks were not bad either .. i had the bikitini and pomtini .. vodka martinis which were a little on the fruity side, but still good.
Shays is a solid pub.  While the seating is extremely cramped, the service is good and friendly.  I've tried the tuna melt here which was quite good - served on toaster dark rye it came to the table before getting soggy (a definite plus).  Only real downside is the patio is favored by heavy smokers, there always seems to be a pall over the entire area.  Quite a shame for the summer (would otherwise be perfect).
I had the fillet mignon and my wife had the prime rib.

The steak me and my wife had was not bad, but from what we could tell, the steak seemed pan fried. Personally, I think the best steaks are cooked over an open flame. While the cut of meat seemed good and the sauce was good as well, I really missed that flame-broiled taste.

While the server was nice, it seemed like half the time, we could not get her to come over. I'm guessing probably because of the dim lighting, it was probably a bit hard to see us waving to her.

I'll probably be coming back, but most likely, it would be for the happy hour -- seems like a pretty good deal.
I always support USC alumns who try to open something innovative and new around the SC area. Barcado was great--- tasted the wine, the british beer, and tried almost everything on the menu. place gets pretty packed during school session. . .  lots of sorority birthdays and events ( Expect a lot of white girls as in from 2  to a  5 million)--- and the regs are def gona be taking up the tables (seen my asshole friends do this-- ordering "coffee" for 5 hours on a busy night) 

service is great, food is delish, and you're awesome and from SC, the boys will hook you up. they sure did for me.
The food is as good as it looks, but served in small quantities; Everything is "tapas" style. The prices are not cheap, but you are paying for the quality of the food. 

The wine is OK, not spectacular but did the trick

The ambiance is quite annoying. Very loud, a lot of drunk college students. 

Be warned -VERY LOUD-

This place was worth trying it once.
Uncomfortable chairs... a little loud... kind of overpriced... but really good food.
July 24, 2012-our family celebrated our Mom's 91st birthday at Fleming's, La Jolla, in one of the private rooms.

Annette Mason set things up for us and Tasha was our waitress. I can't say enough as to how great the evening was and how great the service was!!!

Seriously -- they made the day for my Mom and for the rest of us.

The food was excellent!!!!!

Thanks for a great evening!!!
"It won't be long before everyone knows it: this place is one of the best restaurants in little Ann Arbor. 

An extensive wine list with icon-based flavor descriptions is the first sign that this restaurant takes its communication seriously - the staff is attentive, the food carefully planned, and the environs sultry and sexy, albeit a bit loud. 

I've had the pleasure of eating here twice, and have enjoyed the lamb, carefully grilled with veggies and corn pudding, and the halibut - four large juicy morsels perfectly cooked with a heavily honeyed citrus burre blanc.  The house salad is also good with an honest-to-god European vinagrette (yes, they do exist).  We also sampled the meat and cheese plates, which come with your selection of cheeses, depending on your mood.  Finally, a place in AA that has the selection of Zingerman's without the high prices or hype. 

Also, do not miss the Chocolate Pots de Creme - not a dessert to look over, it won best of AA this past summer and will make you become very territorial about your plate."
I'm a simple man with simple requests.  When it comes to steak, I ask that my meat satisfies the three B's - bloody, buttery, and burning hot.  Some steak houses don't understand the meaning of medium rare, bringing my $40 slab of high blood pressure dry and completely brown in the middle.  If i wanted that, I could've gone to Denny's.  Fleming's cooked my steak (and my family's) exactly the way I ordered it, precisely the way I wanted.  Forgive me if I don't buy into sacrificing the pleasure I take in eating for the 8 pack body that the Spartan army requires, but I love butter, and I love me a buttery steak.  Buyer Beware: if you eat slow, you will see the fat and butter solidify on your plate.  The last B, burning hot, says more about the quality of the restaurant's service and management.  They got the food out timely, still hot, and all at the same time.  All in all, this is a classy restaurant with great service.  The food is superb and in terms of steak, the only place that might be better is Ruth's Chris.  However, the sides and non-steak menu items at Fleming's have the edge.
If you want to take a hard-to-impress sort of gal (like myself) to an impressive looking place (for starters) when you say something like "brunch" - well no one was expecting Napa Valley Grille. It's not crowded at all on a Sunday morning, and you get great outdoor seating, and the service is fabulous (although we were one of only two tables occupied). I recommend the Napa Valley Eggs Benedict - they were amazing!

They play music on loud speakers when you sit outside - soft rock, but hey, you can't have everything your way in Westwood. Definitely recommend it for lavish breakfasts!
One of my favorite places to lunch. :)

This place has a quaint, simple charm.  It works out great to order a pasta and pizza dish and share with one other.  Some of their selections are seasonal so the menu changes from time to time.  I really liked the pizza with the figs but I was disappointed that they no longer had it at this time...must wait until the fall!

If anyone is worried about no reservations, the last times I went for lunch, I waited less than 15 minutes.  And I've found the service is always attentive.  One waiter there is uber cute too.
So it's been a bit over a year since I'd been to Bacaro - I had a Groupon that I needed to use.  We got there around 6:45 on a Saturday and there were still a few tables open, but that changed once the night progressed.  Soon, there were at least 10 people waiting for tables.  They had a large table reserved, so I guess you can make reservations for larger groups.  Food was tasty, but I noticed from looking at my pictures from 2009 that the portions got smaller!  The pizza was definitely smaller than before (it's a very mini pizza) and the bread pudding was also half the size.  Even the scoop of ice cream was smaller! Reminds me of the grocery stores charging the same prices for smaller-sized products.  

Anyways, services was okay - there were only two guys who were kept busy the whole time.  I liked the bread pudding this time much more than the first time - it appears they've changed the recipe?  The burrata was a bit too salty as they sprinkled salt over it.  I also found the chicken to be a bit too sour for my liking as it had really sour lemon/caper sauce.  I really enjoyed the bacon pizza, which had a nice crisp crust.  I heard they opened up another tapas bar called Mignon in downtown, so I'm curious to see how the two will compare.
My wife and I were told about 622 North by a guest of our Bed and Breakfast, The Oaks Victorian Inn, in Christiansburg. We were not aware that it existed but after researching it online I realized that it is owned by the same person of one of our favorite restaurants in Blacksburg, Leftys. We know the food is good at Leftys and knew that the food here would be good as well. We were correct. The restaurant is in a victorian home that has been restored. The atmosphere is bright and tastefully decorated. The food is delicious and nicely presented. :Leftys serves my wifes favorite dressing(lime cilantro) and 622 has the same dressing. the dinner menu changes daily, so we can't wait to go back and try something else. We were so impressed that we asked for one of their menus so we can recommend them to our guests. A great addition to Blacksburg!
Street parking, a nondescript building, and a tagline almost British in its understatement ("kitchen and wine bar") may deceive, but make no mistake: within the walls of Toast! awaits one of the most delightful dining experiences in Pittsburgh. 

Stepping into the restaurant reveals an understated atmosphere and delightful quirkiness. For example, opening the front door occludes the Matre d' stand; even after four visits I was surprised by the affable voice of the host coming from behind me after the door closed! 

As you walk to your table, you will notice the cozy, warm interior that wraps around you like a blanket. Pleasantly dim light illuminates a main dining room with a low ceiling and exposed beams. A red accent wall with interesting art gives a splash of color to the earth tones of wine bottles and wooden slats from wine crates. black leather couches invite group conversations around an open bottle or three.

If you choose an upstairs table, you will enjoy an even more intimate dining experience; a gas-lit fireplace provides the majority of the light in the room, and the boisterousness and cheer of the downstairs gives way to an atmosphere more conducive to hushed conversations and romantic whispers. 

Immediately you will notice the excellent (and constantly rotating) wine list. Of particular note is the multiple-tiered wine pricing structure. Anything from a taste to a full bottle is available, making it easy to adhere to a budget (or a compulsion towards sampling a panoply of vino!). Generous pours increase the value even more. I felt surprised and gratified to note one of the best dessert wine selections that I have encountered in a restaurant. Everything from Muscat to 30-year port makes an appearance in the comprehensive selection.

But we're really here to talk about the food, aren't we? It does not disappoint. On this particular evening (2/23) I chose the four course tasting menu. When traveling for business, why not do it in style? 

The opening salvo from the kitchen consisted of Escargot with angel hair pasta, herbs, Parmesan cream, and a crispy slice of bread. Truly excellent. The Parmesan featured strongly in the flavors, unlike many cream sauces, which tend to emphasize too heavily their namesakes. The escargot were perfectly prepared. All in all, an excellent appetizer.

For a second course, I was the lucky recipient of one of the best fish dishes I have had in recent memory. It was a lightly breaded flounder fillet with a scallion pesto cream sauce and sauted  parsnips. Let me say that I relished every bite of this dish. Flounder is a fairly mild-flavored fish, making a blank canvas for the subtle sweetness of the parsnips and bite of the shallots. 

Number three was a red-and-golden beet salad with goat cheese, arugula, black truffle, radish, and an almost diaphanously light vinaigrette. You will not find a better salad this side of the French Laundry. Out of the four times I have been to toast, I had this salad three, and each time I welcomed it like a long lost relative. The mild pungency of the goat cheese and the earthiness of the truffle offset the sweetness of the beets to perfection, while the satisfying snap of the radishes and crunch of the arugula add vital texture. A perfect salad.

Last but certainly not least the server put in front of me a seared flank steak with sauted snow peas and fingerling potatoes, served along with an absolutely incredible onion cream sauce. Once again the interplay of textures resulted in a wonderful mouth feel; the creaminess of the potatoes, the chewiness of perfectly done flank steak, the satisfying snap of the peas, all bound together by the mortar of the onion sauce. It was absolutely heavenly.

For dessert I enjoyed a glass of port along with the decedent luxury of their french toast with ice cream and apples. A perfect end to a wonderful meal.

All in all Toast!'s attention to detail impressed me most. Their food is not fancy in a haute cuisine way; rather it stands on its own with the natural flavors of each of the ingredients doing the majority of the talking for the dish as a whole. Simple food done superbly. 

In addition the service is excellent without being officious or solicitous. Silverware is replaced between courses. Water glasses seem to mysteriously refill. The kitchen churns out new masterpieces  in response to food allergies or preferences. The spotless bathrooms eschew paper towels for neatly-rolled cloth (like the French Laundry). The list goes on.

Despite my loyalty to Austin, TX, experiencing Toast! Made me long, just a little, for a change in lifestyle venue. People of Pittsburgh, let me live vicariously through you! Go early and often.
Since this was really the only restaurant I visited for dinner in Waterloo, to me, it's as good as it gets!  The atmosphere in the old building is welcoming, airy (but some areas are cozy), warm, and charming.  The little wine bar area is comfortable and has a muted TV showing sports.  They play a variety of music including soft rock and international mixes.  Their menu is creative spins of local and international comfort foods/favorites and their specials are plenty and mouth watering!  What I really wanted to order was a sampler of their specials!  Instead I ordered the pasta and pork medallion special with tomatoes, mushrooms, and squash "salsa".  It was very flavorful!  The staff was very welcoming and accommodating.
Was excited to go here for a year-end dinner, but ended up being a very weak experience:

* Waitressing gone wrong - super aggressive waitress pushing most expensive items on table to the point that we had to cancel items from the order that we never requested

* Bartending gone wrong - i had to return a cocktail because it was so awful.  seriously, does that ever happen?

* Wine gone wrong - after enjoying a wonderful bottle of 2005 Freemark Abbey Cabernet Sauvignon and asking for a second, they brought a 2004 (not as good).  when we pointed it out (before opening!), they tried to pass it off as the same

* Cooking gone wrong - I got the bone-in ribeye, medium rare.  Should be a slam-dunk delicious steak, right?  Nope.  overcooked, and the meat quality was not as high as it should have been

Frankly, there was more, but let me suffice it to say:  No way will I return.
friggin awesome!

this the real deal, italian gourmet, skip the crappy tomato sauce and tasteless mozzarella pizzas. say HELLO to salumi boards, figs and cheese, and more! 

had some raw oysters with cherry vinaigrette topping. fabulous.

the menu is a bit intimidating, yes. there are about 200 hundred things on it. just skip it and ask the waitstaff for reco's. 

fresh. well-thought out. not an everyday place. go when you feel like having the best in local produce and gourmet execution.
Most of these stars come from the desserts I tried - the Mixed Berry Cobbler and the Chocolate Mousse Cake, amazing.

Typical steakhouse ambience - dark. Very dark. 

I ordered a pork osso bucco, and it was so dark that I couldnt really tell where I was supposed to cut it.

Also, I went with a group of my friends, all mid twenties, and felt like we were treated horribly because we hadn't figured out what wine we wanted by the time the waiter asked, so he just took glasses away from the table. He seemed impatient with us based on our age.
My experience at USC was difficult; I'm from New York City and I just couldn't understand all those sun-baked frat and sorority droneheads in red and gold La-La land. So Bacaro was more than a restaurant to me - it was my haven. 

I nursed half-off glasses of wine on Monday nights, sampled beers from all over the world with Santos (the co-owner) and the staff during the week, and nibbled on scallops, crostini, and beets on weekends with friends. 

I just connected with Bacaro's philosophy - good wine, good beer, good food, good times - not because it is anything new, but because it was delivered in such a real, approachable and effortless way. Santos may have a copy of The Wine-Lover's Companion, but there is not an ounce of pretension in this restaurant. And in Los Angeles, even South Los Angeles since the area is brimming with USC kids, that's saying something.
Been here a couple of times with large groups and they were very accommodating..we kept changing the party size..no problem! No waiting either! Service was excellent! Food was a bit pricey for some (expected) so we split some meals..staff divided orders with no attitude. Serving portions were large so everyone was stuffed and happy. Split the bill with several credit cards...no problemo! A bonus was that we could all converse without shouting!! YAY! Food was delicious, especially the kale salad..will definitely be back. Oh..BTW, the fireplace is especially comforting. Only 4 stars for the price.
Street Parking.
Small Place (Banner is hard to miss so keep on the look out)
Cute seating and menu board = wall
Food is delicious but can be small
Totally be worth trying, especially during happy hour!
I've been in the area for YEARS (school and more school) and drive by this place day after day and just never had a chance to try it until last year. I'm not much of a red-meat person, but my boyfriend is, so I decided to take him here for his birthday so we can finally try this place.

I expected this place to be really expensive and have good service/food since it's right next to the Hyatt, but it didn't turn out as nice as I expected. First, it's kind of confusing on how you can get to the restaurant/parking garage - the signs weren't very clear & since we were late for our reservation, we had to settle for valet.

We walked in and told the server we had a reservation. They didn't seem happy/excited and just led us to our table. Our waiter was a little better and was nice but he didn't check up on us that much throughout the whole meal. Granted, the restaurant got busier as the night went on, but it wasn't anything anyone couldn't handle well since there were MANY other waiters. By the time we were done with our meal, I kept seeing other waiters walking around and ours kind of disappeared for at least 20 minutes...dinner break, perhaps? He could have at least told us who is the replacement during that time so we can get some service and pay for our meal??

The food was okay - compared to Donovan's & Ruth's Chris, this place can't even match up. The steaks were done okay - they weren't tender even though I ordered medium rare and it wasn't as hot as I wanted it to be. The veggies on the side were also slightly burnt.

The only thing that made the okay night a little better was that I told the waiter it was my boyfriend's birthday, and he brought over a really pretty, nicely decorated box of chocolate covered strawberries. For a place that is priced similar to other fancy steakhouses, this place is not on the top of my list!
I really hope that my experience at Granada tonight was a one time thing, but honestly, I'm really bummed about the sour service we received. As I said in my earlier review, I have always enjoyed coming here and the service has been usually pretty friendly and helpful. And I don't tend to post a negative review unless I feel really strongly about what I've encountered. 

From the moment we walked in, it was apparent that these two ladies did not want us in there. I understand that my friends and I are younger than the usual crowd, but that doesn't mean we don't want to enjoy a bottle or two amongst the loungy ambiance that Granada offers. It was clear that they were too busy working the middle aged male customers to give us the time of day. I mean there's subtle-rude and just plain blatant-rude--we found the latter. 

This doesn't mean that we won't be back, but let's hope it's not the new tone over there.
a fantastic new find!  thanks niko and jaz!!!

bacaro is a tiny but super quaint little wine and tapas bar in a semi-hoodly area near usc.  as such, the place was packed with students and hipsters galore getting their food and drink on at very reasonable prices.

beers ranged from $4 to $8 a glass, wines from $6 to $8 per glass and averaged $30 a bottle, and tended toward european palates.  i had a white like a sauvignon blanc, a prosecco, and a table red that were all good, if not spectacular, but much better than the pathetic selections at bodega.

the food was suprisingly sophisticated for such an earthy little wine bar, with bold and yet restrained and well balanced flavors.  the kitchen is incredibly well run, because bacaro was packed when we went and the dishes came out well-paced and executed perfectly.  amazing.

tapas were $7 each, or 3 for $19:

roasted rainbow beets with chevre and taragon - nice starter.  the taragon really kicked it up. 

the bacaro burger with fried egg - rich and flavorful.  make sure to get the egg!

margherita pizza - excellent crust and sauce.  very very well executed.

seared scallops with charred brussel sprouts, bacon, and balsamic - again very good flavors.

bacaro has a cozy but cool and energetic vibe with wines and food that blow lesser wine bars in the same price range like 55 degrees, bodega, and vertical away.

parking is in the street, but none of our party of 10 had any issues.  bacaro can get quite busy, so call ahead to reserve tables, especially for groups.  even then, you'll probably have time for a couple glasses of wine from the bar while you wait.

happy hour is 5-7PM, with tapas only $5 per plate.
I really like this place actually.  You wouldn't really expect it to be anything fantastic honestly...but it's cozy, the service is great, and the food isn't bad at all...it's a great "lets have a beer and have a casual chat" place...

I'd say overall, it's definitely worth your time:)
I found Vinology to have an impressive variety of upscale comfort/ethnic food which was well executed. Nice decor, somewhat slow service typical of a wine bar so if you are starving order some small plates right away.

My date and I started with the scallop appetizer which came with 2 large perfectly cooked scallops on pureed potatoes which were very good, but not knock your socks off quality.

Overall, I would summarize the main focus of the entrees as good, but the sides and accompaniments were way too salty and reduced the overall quality of the plate. We split a full order of samosas which were hot, tasty and crispy. The items on the plate were not memorable. We also split the venison loin which I thought would be a 4-6oz (at least) single steak of protein but turned out to be 4 thin slices. The meat was exceptionally tender and cooked to perfection but I could have eaten twice the amount.

For dessert we had the chocolate lava cake which was quite yummy and gooey as a good lava cake should be.
I stumbled across this restaurant when I kept on seeing it on the front page of Yelp. I was reading their website and saw that they have an event for AYCE and AYCD. What more can a Yelper ask for? I figured, that would be a great event for my friends for such a special occasion.

The monthly event for October by this time has already been fully booked. I missed the opportunity. The owners are very courteous and patient with my hundreds of questions. They were really accommodating where if I told them ahead of time with a reservation, I could still have an opportunity for the same event.

Unlimited wine, unlimited beef cooked the way I like it. It's served like hor d'oeuvre on a slice of baquette. With a little bit of sea salt, brings out the flavor nicely. It did seem eventually a little bit salty overall where we did get even more thirsty. The hospitality is astounding. Because we were here celebrating 2 birthdays, they were nice enough to serve us bread pudding with ice cream. Not too sweet and yet it hits the spot nicely.

With almost 20 people, 3 of them children, we had a wonderful time here. We didn't know how big this place is so I kept the invitations to a minimum. What better yet to watch the USC football game while hanging out with good friends. Of course, they win. Just been a little delayed for this review.
I had heard a lot about Toast from a friend and was excited to try it. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. I ordered fish over a bed of rice, and the rice was very dry - not Basmati try but dry to the point of being hard and undercooked. The rest of my food was average, but I think there are better restaurants in Pittsburgh at this price range.

Where Toast shines is as a wine bar. The wine list is excellent and the atmosphere is intimate. Parties are seated close together, and if I were to give Toast another try, it would likely be on a date.
This place is very trendy,cozy, and the atmosphere is unlike any other place I have been to! The Granada is a tiny whole in the wall place serving soups,sandwiches, and the best dessert. My wife and I come here often sometimes just for dessert. Our favorite menu item is, and I know this is spelled incorrectly. It's called the manage trey, crostini bread,goat cheese,nutella, and strawberries ! such an amazing end to a day of shopping or farmers market trip. Stop in and check out the exotic wine list and cozy up to a table for two. Soft candle light and  awesome food will definitely set the mood for a great evening
Great food with plenty of choices and not your typical food combinations.  Cauliflower dish was totally new for us and just one of the several dishes we enjoyed......good wine and drink selections, place fills up fast.  Not a big fan of the seating arrangements especially if you want to sit next to your partner.  Will continue to drop in whenever we're in the area.
Rented the room for a private business event and they did a fantastic job! Had a gal serving us and she did a great job! 
Food was delicious!
Great location, beautiful interior, nice outdoor patio, excellent bar.  Could easily be a five star, but has been wildly uneven since it opened.  Service is on and off.  They are skimpy with bread for reasons unknown.  But the foood these days is very very good.  Go for the Berkshire pork alone.  Almost able to say the best pork I have ever had.  Incredible and well-priced.  So definitely check it out and you might hit a five star night at reasonble prices.
I came back for happy hour and it was SO GOOD (because of the price. I don't think I'd pay full price)! I guess you just have to order the right things... Between me and my friends we had the chicken skewers (good, esp the sauce), mac and cheese (really good), rueben lollipops (weird but not terrible), garlic & herb fries (great and only $3!), soup (okay), meat loaf slider and sangria and some other drinks. They have a better selection of drinks then Palominos and they added couches to their outdoor lounge area, with plenty of heat lamps.
Really cute & cozy spot in LA. Its a bit hard to find yet worth trying out!
A small group of us had a few appetizers & some glasses of Red wine... obviously they specialize in Italian yet had a great French wine.
Great place for a date or significant other ;)
Good food, mostly small plates, but a lot of variety.  I'm not much of a wine guy, so that aspect doesn't really turn my crank, but I like this place, and when I'm in the neighborhood, it's where I suggest if I'm meeting with friends.

Good atmosphere, wine at about $5-7/glass, some beer selections, good food at about $7-9 per plate.  Two plates and you're set; it's a good casual two-hour chat-meal spot.  I'd never go here alone or with people I didn't really know, though.  It's not great for that.  A nice play to go with friends as it gets late, though, and they do tend to have occasional, random, excellent deals.
We had a fantastic experience.

I made reservations on line for our wedding anniversary; I left a simple note on the reservation app that we were celebrating our 31st.  We arrived about ten minutes early and were taken to a table adjacent to the open kitchen.  Visually interesting but a little too noisy (retired military and a bit hard of hearing).  I asked for a different table and within three minutes they had us seated at a quieter part of the dining room with no fuss at all.

Wait staff was very attentive without being cloying.  We were surprised when we opened our menus to find welcome cards congratulating us on our anniversary.

Food and drinks were fantastic.  I had a couple of top shelf vodka Martinis that were well crafted while my wife had two designer cocktails that she enjoyed very much.  For dinner my wife ordered three separate appetizers/small plates.  I had the lump crab cakes and the rib eye.

The appetizers were well-presented and tasty with good portions.  Ordered my steak medium rare and it was perfectly grilled.  Very tender and flavorful.  Massive--brought half of it home and I'm a pretty big eater.

Deserts--carrot cake and cream brulee--were tasty and well proportioned.

We were attended by Michelle and Athena.  Very nice ladies with a good sense of humor.  The manager that evening, Lee Anne, stopped by and we had a pleasant chat.  They even took a photo of us and printed it on the spot.  Bordered on kitschy, but still fun.  And they gave us a departing gift of truffles and a gift card.

Can't say enough about how well we were treated and how good the food was.  We spent an hour and forty minutes there and left without feeling rushed.  The tab, without gratuity ran just under $200.  I was very pleased.
Food is awesome, great wine selection, delicious desserts (cheese cake has Nutella on it ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!), GREAT location.  Only complaint is we always have to wait... but, it's so good we are always WILLING to wait.  Longest wait was 45 minutes.. again totally worth it.  We were not rushed with our meals, and they let us enjoy our wine and desserts with no rush as well.  Great service, and awesome food.  A MUST!!!
KQN may have snagged the "First to Review" slot, but I had the first opportunity to eat at Fleming's last night and everything was F-R-E-E. 

My BF and I have a friend who's a manager here at Fleming's. He called us last night to invite us to a VIP dinner. Their grand opening is actually today (11/08/07) at 5pm. As of last night they have 80 reservations in the book! 

The restaurant is beautifully decorated in warm red and amber tones. This location has a wine bar with a very impressive selection.

The menus for tonight's dinner were preselected so each person in a party had a different selection. Our friend advised us that the lobster tails were only on two menus that night and low and behold I had the golden ticket!!! 

Our choice selections for the evening:

* 2 glasses of Sainte Michelle Pinot Grigio

* 2 bottles of Stella

* Flemings Salad (romaine, cranberries, candied walnuts, onions & white vinaigrette)

* Sweet Chile Calamari w/bell pepper garnish 

* Australian Lobster Tails (2) 

* New York 22 ounce T-Bone

* Chipotle Macaroni & Cheese

* Grilled Asparagus

* Peach Cobbler w/Vanilla Bean Ice cream & Chantilly cream - TO DIE FOR!!!

So, if you were to order everything that we enjoyed last evening, your total would have been $211.63. My BF and I ate like a King and Queen last night and enjoyed every single moment of the experience.

A big thank you to Fleming's! We'll be back.
Came with my mother and tried the tasting menu. Excellent service, good food. The food was generally well-prepared (the pork chop was particularly well-executed) and the wine pairings were well thought out. However, one thing that sort of bothered me was that for the party of two, we each received a different tasting. The idea of getting two tasting meals at a time is certainly admirable (and definitely possible with their portions), but sort of takes away from the more holistic aims that I generally hope to have in a tasting menu. I also thought some of the flavors in the tasting menu didn't quite work great together and did not really seem to build on each other. That said all of the dishes were good on their own, although the mussels were not fantastic.
Dinner - Monday Night

I've had better pizza. The menu is very limited and only after ordering, i found out that I could custom order a pizza. The service was good but overall it was a little over priced.
Bacaro L.A. is simply my favorite restaurant. I have been here 3 times in the past month. Restaurant owner Danny does it all at Bacaro. You'll see him cooking in the kitchen, serving drinks at the bar, or even serving food. The food & wine is delicious, but the exceptional service is what keeps bringing me back. The small atmosphere of the restaurant makes each and every visit a great all around time. The happy hour is a great way to wait out LA traffic and order an extra dish or two. You can't beat a deal like this. The Bacaro Burger is a must, I get it every time. Not only do you want to eat the beef with your hands, but the fresh farmers market tomato with the sauce is simply delicious. My new favorite dish is the stuffed eggplant, and the garlic pizza is always a great way to finish the night off. Can't wait for the winter produce and the return of the butternut squash salad. I'm looking forward to my next visit in a week or two!
So, yeah, I ordered a special.  The salad had endive, riddichio (I don't know how to spell that and I don't care) pears, candied walnuts, and a sherry vinaigrette, AND A SIDE OF BABY BACK RIBS!!!  What?  Such a great idea!  
My friend ordered the pizza special, which was heirloom tomatoes (don't you just LOVE the color of yellow tomatoes?!) with caramelized pears, roasted eggplant, and BURRATA CHEESE!  Oh my god, I LOVE burrata cheese.  I think the only thing that ruined it a little was the fact that the cheese itself is so special because it's made with some cream and not turned into its harder (as hard as mzozarella gets) form and is still super soft and delicate.  It's supposed to be served at room temperature so that diners can ooh and ahh at its texture.  Melting it is almost sinful.  But the pizza was deeeeelicious.  
So, yeah.  Teresa Caffe.  My new favorite lunch place in Princeton.  My favorite Terra Momo restaurant.  Kicks Eno's ass this way and that.
It doesn't seem right that it's possible to enjoy this stately Edwardian dining room at such a modest price. 

We only had lunch, and maybe dinner happens at a slightly higher price point, but I felt like I should be paying more for the privilege of soaring mahogany and stained glass, or eating something more refined than a sandwich under art nouveau naiads frolicking in fresco. 

But this is not to complain. Portions were generous, food was hearty and soul-warming on a freezing day, and the full bar was open at lunchtime so yes I did help myself to a hot boozy coffee, thank you.
This is the place to take someone special. Delicious food and amazing ambience; she won't be able to resist.
We work nearby so this was our fancy lunch/dinner go-to place for client meetings... until I had the lunch trio with soup, salad and the salmon club.  OMG this was unreal!  The salmon club is just unbelievably delicious... it's salmon, bread, fennel, and yumminess all presented on great bread.  Oh I love it!  

Ever since I had the salmon sandwich my whole opinion changed about NVG, and now I convince my colleagues to come with me all the time (even if we don't have clients)!  Yummm!

The only negatives I can report about this place are 1. it's cold inside!  Every single time I go it's freezing.  and 2. the valet guys hog ALL the parking spaces on the street so there's never any parking on Glendon.  It's such a peeve of mine because they clearly have a deal with the garage at the building to park cars.  Someone should report them because it's simply unprofessional and really annoying when you give a valet your car and all he does is park it at a meter for you. Thanks dude, could have done that myself, thanks a lot!

Other than that the staff is always friendly, totally on top of it and they pay extra attention to always keep our water/iced tea cups full.  Gotta love it.

Happy hour is worth mentioning too- it's a great one!  Esp. the sangria, and the dinners are all great.  I've yet to have a bad meal here... thanks Napa!
I may or may not be the first person to declare that Shay's is not a dive bar.  (I'm just to lazy to read through the reviews to see if anyone else agrees with me) Casual, yes; dive, no.  In my opinion, any bar that serves $60 bottles of champagne and has a hummus/veggie platter on the menu isn't a dive, sorry kids. 

It is however a nice *casual* bar; if you're going out with a polarized beer/wine crowd, this is a great bet. They have a decent selection of both, and you don't feel like you're at a wine bar or Sunset. They even have non-bootleg tea. Service was slow, but our waitress was pretty friendly, which fits with my new genre of "casual bar".  Don't be expectin' to eat and run here. 

The patio is definitely packed in nice weather, but hello, show me a bar in this city where that's not the case.  The crowd is laid back, and surprisingly not overrun with Haahvard kids.  Plus one star. 

I'd give it a bottom line of 3.5 stars, but decided to round up for the jasmine tea.
Not the greatest steak place I've been to. I've definitely had better for the same prices and lower. The steaks are definitely overpriced. They're fairly well cooked, but again, nothing special. Appetizers/Sides are pretty good. I had the onion rings. Service is standard and nothing special. 

Not a very unique or memorable place. I wouldn't mind eating here if it wasn't for the existence of cheaper places with the same food.
Fantastic wine selection at very fair prices. Love the choice of small plates, with several wonderful vegetarian choices. The patio is beautiful and the service is excellent. Great for a romantic date or hanging out with friends. The inside decor is really nice as well. This is just a terrific place to go, whether for a lite meal or a full dinner.
This place is pretty neat. I've been a bunch of times so when Living Social had a $40 for $20 deal many months ago, I grabbed it... and then waited until the last possible day to use it. There were three of us. We each chose two dishes (six total) and I think that was just enough to leave us pleasantly full, but not overstuffed.

We had:
baguette with olive oil (not part of our 6 items)
cauliflower with chipotle aioli and mixed greens
pan-seared scallops
artichoke hearts
and three things from the specials menu written on the chalkboard (sorry, I can't remember what they were)

I had a glass of a white blend and a glass of Tintero Moscato (which was, as always, deliciously sweet).

One of the really neat things about this place is that the owners and staff are not pretentious at all about wine. Can't pronounce the name of the wine you want? Who cares? Butcher it. Want to try something before you commit to a glass or a bottle? Go for it! Not sure what to get but know (at least, generally) what you like? Tell your server and have him recommend something.

It's a tiiiiny place, so be prepared to wait if it's busy. If you're not in a rush, I'd say stick it out (even if the line is long).
Really great winebar with excellent food.  The only loss of a star is the location.  It's kind of in the middle of nowhere.  Otherwise, the food is great, the wine even better, and I can't wait to try the Sunday AYCE/D steak and wine.
Flemings is a good steakhouse with a very extensive wine list and the cuts are also good.   I just don't like the very dark ambiance where its hard to even see your food.    I always order the filet mignon - original style and its always cooked perfectly (medium rare - my preference).   The side dishes portion are also very good ..  scallops potatoes and mushrooms .. yummm 

The corkage fee is $20 and if you have a good wine to pair with the meat, then I suggest to bring it to the restaurant.   

The lava cake desserts is also very good and order this in advance since it takes some time.
Bad lasagna today. Dry & almost burnt.  Just not up to their usual standards.  Susan's Penne Arrabiata wasn't as good as usual either, but she was more satisfied than I was with my vastly overcooked lasagna.
4.5 stars.

If Teresa's could talk: the countless number of dates, family gatherings, dinners with friends and business meetings that have occurred between it's walls...

As one of the only (if not THE only) reasonably priced, consistently good, casual but nice Italian restaurants in town, Teresa's is ALWAYS crowded. For years and years, though the menu hasn't changed much, there is always a wait. Their no reservation rule doesn't seem to dissuade anyone from dining here. 

And clearly they're doing something right. One of the highlights is the bread basket. With various breads supplied by Witherspoon Bakery and an amazing olive oil dipping sauce, one could easily fill up before eating the meal. My usual standby is the shells with chicken, asparagus, and mushrooms in a light balsamic cream sauce. Delish delish! My roommate always got the penne with salmon. Pizzas are great. Wine list is decent, you can certainly get something good.

Overall, Teresa's is an old Princeton standby, and is not going anywhere anytime soon. Is it the best Italian I've ever had? Not by any means. But it's a great choice for the neighborhood, if you don't mind waiting...
This is the second time i have been here. The food is good but i always find myself asking for more from it. I think they are too creative for me and i cant get behind paying $10 bucks for a glass of wine. I guess (more like i know) that i am not classy enough to enjoy this place. I had the skirt steak which itself was good but i did not enjoy the grilled orions served with it. The inside out mac and cheese had an overwhelming pumkin taste to it, it wasnt bad but it didn't taste like mac and chesse at all and didnt really compliment the steak.  My girlfriend got the sweet potato samosas and didn't think they were anything special.
Great place for happy hour and it lasts til 7pm! Great martinis and burgers for six bucks with wonderful french fries. (Plus several other food and drink items all for $6.00)  One of the best deals around Palo Alto. This place is always hopping.
So we came back to try the main dining area. First thing I noticed was the menu was slightly different than what was available on the Franks side and the list of drafts had changed. We ate from the Chefs Table menu, which was a choice of appetizer, salad, and entree for a set price. Everything was pretty good, except the main dish. I'd ordered Jerk Pork, and was expecting something with flavor and seasoning, not a very mild almost tasteless clump of meat. The sides were good, the appetizer was good, and the salad fine. My wife didn't have any complaints or compliments on her main entree, a shrimp pasta. I don't know I want to give them a third try, considering the price.
They sponsored WOMP today and can I just say that they have the most delicious roasted vegetable sandwich I have ever had... delectable goat cheese MMMMM and the tabouli salad was out of this world!! Plus they gave us free drinks!!!
So here's my deal. I love the steak at Ruth's Chris (I love a filet mignon, and that's what RC does best...love that sizzling butter), and while nice, the ambience at RC isn't overwhelming...and Mr. Fleming used to own the local RC franchise...so I figured he had it all worked out...Fleming's has awesome ambience. Very clubby, yet just modern enough. Had some great appetizers - crab cakes were stellar. Nice wine list. Great molten chocolate cake...at a table for 6 ALL of the steaks were overcooked (slightly, but overcooked nonetheless) and DRY. Mashed potatos had a funny taste. So go for a beautiful night in a fancy restuarant...but consider several appetizers and a dessert...

So why do I rate it a 4 star when I've basically slammed the steaks at a steakhouse? And I've been pretty hard on other places star-wise...because I can. No, seriously, I liked my evening overall. Dining can be more than just about the food and Flemings has everything else plus MOSTLY good food. Places I've been hard on had none of the above for me...
Dear Bacaro,

I read of all the hype here on Yelp about your Beefsteak sundays, and I quickly made a reservation. After a month of waiting I finally sat down at your establishment and was pumped for the food and booze!

I was a little dissapointed that we weren't really getting a full cut of steak rather slices of steak on top of a baguette and some potatoes on the side.

Regardless, the slices were delicious at times when you cooked it rare (im not usually a rare guy), and so-so when we got some well done pieces (a bit chewy to have on a slice of baguette). The seasoning of your flank? cuts are very Churrascaria'esque so I devoured many plates, I think 10 plates..

You served a decent bottle of Syrah wine and bud light for the beer. Overall for $25, its a great deal.. Best deal in town like many praise? No.

A great social experience if you plan to go drinking with a few friends with some great snacks but if you plan on getting full you're best off eating at this event with only 1 other friend. I'd give you a 3.5 if I could, and a 4 if you served bigger and quicker portions..

Thanks!

Ed
The wine is cheaper here than at Specs! The waiters and bartenders are very helpful to complete you experience at COVA. The Wine Menu Changes every week so you can always expect something different. 

Surf Tuesday with the $14.99 Steak and Shrimp. Yes! This is for real.
This place just doesnt get old!  Had dinner with the BF here last night and it was amazing as usual.  We had the crostini, the baked goat cheese dish, the chicken, the burger with the fried egg and the mac n cheese.  We celebrated our 2 yr anniversary of meeting each other and I don't think we could have gotten a better meal for this occasion elsewhere.  Only thing I noticed that was a bummer was the fact that they added a TV.  I do not like TVs in my eating establishments, but I understand they would probably need to attract crowds for games and such, but in my opinion, TV's cheapen the look of a place.  Either way, it didn't detract from the food's yummy factor.  Keep up the good work!
How much do I love Tria?  I love Tria enough to venture the whole way to other side of the river to try out their new celebration of fermentation at Biba.

I had been awaiting the opening of Biba for months, but it looks like the delays in set-up were worth it based on the beautiful space they have created in the West Bank building.  I got the feeling of industrial warehouse meets rustic farmhouse meets hi-tech wine bar.  Somehow, they pulled these themes into a cohesive blend of glassed-in wine cellar, rustic casks, exposed ductwork, and lots of striking wood.  The attention to detail shines through from the carefully selected light fixtures to the aesthetically pleasing (if horrifyingly dangerous looking) red-enameled meat slicer.  The plans to replace the current front windows with ones that open completely to the sidewalk will really open up the space.  There were plenty of seats available when I arrived at 6:00 on a Tuesday evening, but the place became comfortably full pretty quickly.

The food menu is quite similar to Tria with some overlap in the offerings (selection of cheeses, fig-based morsels, paninis, salads, snacks, etc.).  Obviously the focus for many of the dishes is showcasing spectacular cheeses in thoughtful ways.  I had time for just a quick bite on my way to the theater, and I chose to embrace this new location by trying some of the items least like those I have seen at Tria: the asparagus with hazelnuts and lemon oil, and the beef carpaccio with Pecorino Tartufello that I had been fantasizing about since reading Eva H's review.  Both were stellar.  The carpaccio was some of the best I've had - high quality beef rendered into silk-like sheets that melted instantly on your tongue.  The earthy truffle-goodness of the rich cheese was offset nicely by the peppery arugula and cut through with the piquancy of a light lemon oil drizzle.

The two glasses of wine that I enjoyed with my treat were standbys from Tria.  Most of the list looked familiar, and I agree that adding descriptions to the menu would be helpful.  If space is the issue, they could even be in a tiny font to go with the mini-Tria feel.

While I had an outstanding experience, I am not sure how often I will frequent Biba.  The reasons are primarily geographical since I have to literally walk past either of the Tria locations (and then keep walking for another 13 blocks) to get to there from my home.  The menu similarity to Tria makes it difficult to motivate myself; however, I suspect I will occasionally forge the mighty Schuykill to have more of that carpaccio.
Very impressed with our server Elizabeth as well as our side server McKenzie - they were very attentive, friendly & knowledgeable!

Minus one star for one of the appetizers & the side dishes.

Bread:
Rosemary w/ sides of champagne feta & a sun dried tomato spreads (liked the champagne feta one 'cos the tomato one tastes great at 1st and then it just becomes bland after awhile - guess your taste buds get used to the flavor)

Appetizers:  
Lobster Tempura (waitress warned it's medium heavy - it was odd...it wasn't oily texture and had a very light crispy batter but it "tasted" oily...don't know how to describe it any other way - must be the type of oil they fry it in) - meh, we finished it 'cos it was pricey.

Tomato mozzarella salad - ordered this to counter the oil sitting in our stomach earlier

Main Course:
Both of us got the Bone-In Rib Eye medium rare (cooked to perfection) - didn't even ask for the (3) sauces - just used horse radish - amazing - melt in your mouth steak!

Side Dishes:
Fleming's Potato - mistake...it was like this huge loaf of kinda mashed potatoes encrusted in a hardened shell of cheddar cheese...blah
Sauteed Mushrooms - this was yummy except for the portobello slivers...weird - must've been seasoned separately because it was salty as heck but the button mushrooms were delish.

Wine:
Brought our own 2004 Jarvis Cabernet Franc (we prefer the 2003) from when we visited the winery last Dec09.

Dessert:  
Chocolate Lava Cake - dreamy perfection - we still dream of this.  We didn't think we would ever find one that beat Roy's Restaurant's version but this one just kicked it's ass hands down!

At the end of the night, Elizabeth brought us a personalized signed card from manager & staff as well as (4) home made truffles made fresh daily as we were there to celebrate our 2nd anniversary.  Two candles on top - how sweet was that?

Medium noise level - more of an older crowd (you gotta have some dough to go here) - darker lighting to be more romantic.  Next time, we want to try being seated in the Fireplace room - it looked real cozy.
Love love love. love. love. 

I've been here twice and it has been consistently Yum. 

I've only been here during happy hour, so my review may be clouded by happy hour deals and steals. 
During happy hour... 

a 1/2 liter of Sangria is $5 and a liter is $10
$5 for every dish on their menu

My top 3: 
- Pork belly skewers. Delicious. You get 6 cubes of perfectly cooked pork belly. Not to 
jiggly and not to chewy. 

- Mac and Cheese YEEEEUM. Helloooo truffle oil! 

- Bone marrow. Delicious. It is half a bone, not huge but enough, accompanied by three pieces of toasted slices of bread. The marrow has a light seasoned breadcrumb topping and sea salt. Rich...you betcha. 

It is a MUST TRY! Street Parking here can be difficult, but if you get there right when they open you won't have to wait for parking OR a table. The employeees are super nice and welcoming. I can't find a fault in this place other than the food needs to come out and into my face faster.
Giving it 3 stars only because our table wasn't clean when we sat down, I had a dirty salad fork and our waitress started her table service snooty.  However, as the evening progressed her attitude changed.  Food was super yummy. Had the tuna mignon and husband had the peppercorn steak with asparagus and Fleming's mashed potato. For dessert we had the famous chocolate lava cake...I gotta say I could've eaten the cake for dinner!!!! It was definitely the best cake I've ever had.  Maybe next time it'll be a better expeience and will be able to rate the place with more stars.
This is a time to give thanks for beer.  Beer is the old friend that turns a crappy evening into a good one.  Instead of concentrating on a lousy blind date on a Saturday night, instead i'll prefer to think about two pints of yummy beer and a comfortable place to drink them.  

A good variety of local, American, and foreign beers, some reasonably unusual ones.  A well-poured Guinness.  A nice-looking outdoor patio (not so useful in the snow), and an appropriately graffiti-bedecked bathroom.  

It's a good place to drink, and that's a noble calling indeed.
Great prices and nice ambiance - it's warm and dark like an old school steakhouse, but with modern flair. 

On a fairly light Sunday night, food took a while to come out. 

A Palo Alto restaurant that doesn't fall into the "overpriced because it's in Palo Alto" category. Bring your appetite. And wallet.
Fine pub.  Charming, especially if you can get a table.
Friends and I got: the crostini plate, bacaro burger, garlic pizza, and polenta. 

Crositini plate was delicious. Three different ones with different cheeses/sauces on top. While delicious, it was messy to eat. Particularly, the one with the honey and walnuts on it. The honey dripped all over. And it was really, really crunchy; so it's hard to break apart and share.

Bacaro burger was alright. It was very juicy, hence a little messy. But it's a fork and knife kind of deal. I bet it would be good with the egg, but friends vetoed the egg. Oh well.

Garlic pizza was also yummy. They had whole pieces of garlic on it, carmelized and almost sweet. It was very tasty and it came out really hot.

Lastly, the polenta was really good. I forget what was on top; I think it was eggplant. I don't usually like eggplant or polenta all that much either, but this was tasty and I liked it the best.

Food all around was tasty. Wine selection was good enough. The wait, however, was horrendous. Over an hour at least. And if you think about it, you're waiting for small plates of food. Not really worth it to us. The restaurant is small too and so you really have to wait if you have a crowd since people like to linger over their wine. If you're hungry, just go to the taco truck across the street.
Really it should be 3 1/2 stars.  I came here on a recommendation from a friend whom I trust when it comes to food.  I had very high expectations because my friend had such a good experience in Sarasota, Fl, so I looked forward to this dinner for weeks.

The restaurant itself is very nice.  Love the rich mahogany and low lighting.  The hosting staff was very helpful when I was making my reservations, I even got an email confirmation....love that b/c if I don't get an email or something is not in my calendar I'm liable to forget.  We even had to change the reservation last minute and they were not phased in the least.  The dinner started off well enough.  We got seated and had our drink orders taken.  The wine list was impressive, but I opted for a martini and my date had whiskey, it was a long week.  

The waitress went over the menu with us and took our orders.  I ordered the petite filet and my date had the 12 oz filet, we split the shoestring potatoes.  My friend also had the petite filet and her boyfriend had the ribeye and they split the mac and cheese.  The steak was very good, but not "amazing I think I had an orgasm in my mouth" good , I enjoyed mine, but I prefer my steak to be pan seared or grilled over being broiled.  The shoestring potatoes were also good, a bit cumbersome to eat, but loved the crispy texture of them.  For dessert I had the creme brule.  It was a huge portion, I was not prepared for it, quite a pleasant surprise.  Very creamy and delicious.  What made it even better was the bowl of fresh whipped cream that came with it.  I had a very good meal with good friends and my belly left full and satisfied.

What I didn't like about my evening was how we kept getting interrupted throughout the meal...it seemed like we were getting pushed to order more.  Don't get me wrong, I love attentive service.  Not once did a water glass go empty nor did they forget to ask me if the steak was to my liking, but coming to us every 2 mins to ask if we wanted a wine to be paired with our steaks when we had already said no when our steaks were served or if we wanted to put in an order for chocolate lava cake twice in a 10 min period was a bit much.  The lava cake should have been mentioned at the beginning when the menu was being discussed instead of in the middle of the meal I feel.  It was difficult to have a nice conversation with my friends because we had to keep stopping and starting.  I get it, you want me to spend money...gladly, believe me, it's not hard for me to do that.  The manager did come over to speak with us and that was nice, but the waitress hovered a bit too much.  

It was an overall good meal, I did enjoy myself.  I'll probably go back eventually, but I'll save my money for Alexander's first.
I just read the review from Cheryl L who was there on the same night that I was there. I typically love Flemings and while the food was good last night (3/10/11), the service was EXCEPTIONALLY SLOW. I don't like a rushed meal, but it was borderline ridiculous. I felt like maybe our waiter was getting pulled into helping out with the large private party or something because he dissappeared at times too. He was soooo nice and I kept kicking my hubby under the table when he was getting grumpy with the waiter. I think they have a hard job but I guess when you are paying that kind of money for a meal, things should go better. We waited about 40 min for our salads. Then when some other servers brought our steaks, everyone got the wrong one. It wasn't until 1/2 way through what I thought was an over done steak did I realize it was my hubbys steak and he had my perfectly done steak. Then our other guest couldn't finish hers because the inside of her steak that was ordered medium was very rare. We also tried the creamed corn for the first time and it was "Meh".... it had a little kick but it really lacked flavor. Weird.  I feel like the kitchen was having problems last night and then the waiters end up taking the heat for it. He did comp us a dessert after all the fiasco, so that was nice.  I hate that I was so disappointed last night. Waaaaahhhhhh!
Aside from being the best happy hour place. 

Had dinner here last night and I ordered the Prime Tender Braised Short Rib. It's freak'n good!
I love the atmosphere in here!  The decor and overall vibe  of this cozy little restaurant has a rustic urban feel with the chalkboard menu on the wall, the wine bottles hanging over your head, as well as the wooden tables.  I made reservations here for a party of 4.  It took awhile for us to get seated, but the service is awesome!  There was a man bickering with the owner? about how he got here first so he should get the table... but we made reservations at 7 so of course the table goes to us.  hmm..  I'm not really sure what restaurants he goes to that seat him before another patron who had made reservations.  any who, the food is amazing.  My favorite of the night was definitely the pan seared scallops.  You will most definitely want to order one for each person because its that good!  If only I knew the recipe for it!! They have an awesome 3 plates for $19 which is a pretty good deal! The burger was okay.  Actually our burgers came last, so i was super stuffed by the time it arrived, I only took one bite and seriously could not eat anymore!!  The only problem with the tables i have is that they are tiny!  so we had to eat kinda fast so we could make room for the rest of our dishes!! I love the beer they have on tap.  I tried both, but don't remember the name unfortunately.  I'd recommend coming here with a very small group or else be prepared to wait quite awhile! 

ps.  They need to fix their front door.  it keeps breaking!!!
I was visiting Pittsburgh on business for the week and the manager at my hotel suggested Toast! as it was within walking distance from the hotel. It turned out to be a great choice. I really loved the dimly lit ambiance inside... it gave it a speakeasy feel. I sat at the bar (which had hooks underneath for my purse... love when a bar does that!) The wine list was great, but there was no Malbec, which is what I usually go for, so I decided on a Cote du Rhones per the suggestion of the bartender. It was delicious. I was stuck between the crispy pork and the scallops, but the bartender was kind and knowledgeable... he directed me toward to scallops. I am so glad he did! They were matched with a sweet potato puree, corn salsa, greens, and a maple gastrique. I was the happiest girl in town!
seared ahi + 2 glasses o' cab = perfect light dinner

4 loud girls catching up
great service (so patient and so kind)
clean, aesthetically pleasing food

would come here again!
I'd rate it a 3.5 but I'll round up because of the overall pleasant experience. The bacaro burger and grilled gruyere paninis were my favorite dishes. I also enjoyed the caprese salad, prosciutto and pan-seared scallops. However, I thought the crostini and pizza were mediocre, and the bread pudding was terribly flavorless without the ice cream (which there was too little of). I liked the nutella panino, but my friends didn't. Overall, I enjoyed the atmosphere quite a bit, and I liked the wine. It's a very tiny space, so I think it would be awkward to go with more than 3 or 4 people.
Met here with some friends to celebrate end of our first term together.  It was about 4pm on a weekday and the place was empty.  We had it all to ourselves.  I was greeted and assisted with wine selection by friendly waitstaff.  Also ordered a delicious cheese plate.  It was a completely delectable and enjoyable experience.  A hidden treasure in University City!
Went for brunch.  No reservation but they take phone call for you to request a table.  My friend called at noon and we got our table at 1.15, so shortened our wait by about 15mins.

I love the open kitchen in the middle of the dining floor.  Space is tight so be ready to sit close to your neighbors.  

Got the Uovo pizza - personal size with jalapeo tomatoes and over easy eggs on top.  It is my brunch combo dream.  Thin crust and super crispy as if it is deep fried.

A few people on my table got the lasagna Bolognese and they all wiped their plates clean.  They use OGBF... took us a while to figure out what it means... org beef grass fed.  Ha!

Service is prompt and friendly.  Be ready to pay Manhattan price.  But I think it's worthed.

Negatives: They serve only wine.  Princeton street parking can be a nightmare at times.
Went on Saturday, 10/9, noting it was for a wedding anniversary.  We were greeted by the manager who congratulated us - they had put this info in their database (smart!) - and chatted us up on our way to the table. Noting I was wearing white pants, he gave me a white napkin instead of their standard black, so the lint wouldn't discolor my pants. Thank you!

It only went up from there.  We've been many times before and were not disappointed. Other reviews here speak to the food, which is excellent, so I won't repeat it.  Service was excellent and professional.  The meal was perfectly timed, and portions were outstanding.  

I highly recommend asking to be seated in one of the separate dining rooms.  The open area can be noisy, but the dining rooms are lovely.  We consider it a splurge so go about once a year, and this last time was stellar.
Recently I went here with my family to enjoy a nice New Year's Dinner.
We went here on Sunday, to try the special Prime Rib dinner (only on Sundays thru February). The special gives you a 12oz Prime Rib, a side, a salad of your choice, and a dessert for $30. Though $30 is a bit pricy it is far cheaper than ordering a la carte, unless your at the bar for Happy Hour ($5 for an appetizer).

However it was well worth the money. I accidently ordered my prime rib at medium-rare instead or medium, but it was still just as delicious. They gave you three sauces a peppercorn, a jus and horseradish sauce and they complemented the beef really well. For the side I reccomend the half and half. This is because they give you a mountain or onion rings and fries which are crunchy and awesome. I got the lava cake which was really good, and I definetly reccomend you to try any of the other desserts.

The atmosphere of this place. The rooms were all dimly lit and the sound level was okay, as you could talk to your table and still have some background noise to fill in as well. 

The staff is nice, and I believe the GM walks around the floor to check up on everyone.

4/5!
My local bar.  A relaxing place to have a beer or a simple cocktail. This place has no pretension and a very local and down-to-earth crowd. I wish they had a tap, because I prefer a pint to a bottle of beer. But the bartenders are great fun and always very welcoming. 

In the evenings it's a bit loud - they draw a younger and  more lively crowd after 9pm or so. 

A couple nights a week they have a live jazz thing going on, which I look forward to attending soon.
4.5 

Came to Eno last night with my wife, parents and my sister.  The waiter was extremely knowledgeable, not pushy, and was very excited to explain the menu to us.  He intricately described the food's preparation and where it was from in a way that wasn't smarmy, but moreso in the way that a nerd describes the nuances of Scully and Mulder's relationship in X-files.  

I had the Lamb, bone out, which was amazing.  It was so tender, most of the fat had been removed, and had a thick sauce on the top, and it was phenomenal.  I was in heaven.  

My mom had the quail which was very nice, and she had the foie gras which was my first experience with foie gras.  It was good, but I have no frame of reference as to how good.  My mom thought it was phenomenal. 

Everyone enjoyed their dishes but those were the standouts. 

So service and food were great except for one thing: The Salad. 

Four of us ordered caesar salads at $7.00 a pop.  The caesar salad was basically four leaves from a romaine head ripped off, turned on the side and had just a small amount of cheese shavings.  It was just, boring.  They could've made something about it seem exciting, but we were all dissapointed in the salad.  I mean, there's a cheese shop right next store, get crazy with it!   

Either way, its a great restaurant, a great experience, and I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an excellent evening.
Had a wonderful dinner here the other night with my cousin. I forgot how wonderful the service is here. Even reading all the reviews, most of the them mention servers being very friendly. 

Once we were seated we started with some nice bread which I am not sure what type it was :( Either way, it was nice and warm. It came with a tasty and strong garlic type sauce to dip it in.

Both my cousin and I ended up ordering the Turkey Bolognese which consisted of, "Turkey Bolognese house made pappardelle pasta, shelton farms turkey, grana parmesan."  We both really like the meal. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce on top was not soupy whatsoever. My only minor complaint is that I did not have much turkey in my meal. 

For dessert, we ordered some Italian dish which name is escaping me at the moment. It was a cookie type dish on top of some ice cream.It was amazing!

One of the best servers and service in general I have had in a long time from any restaurant. Our server knew everything from top to bottom on the menu and even apologized several times about a dish not being displayed correctly on the menu.
Dinner was DELICIOUS in pleasant surroundings with great service. The waiter was helpful to suggest we share everything since portions are humongous. We shared fresh bread, Caesar salad, baked potato (with all the really good/bad stuff) and creamed spinach. 

They use such good ingredients that you can taste the quality of the butter, cream and other individual elements making up the mouthwatering dish. The bone-in ribeye steaks were declared "probably" and then definitively the best steak Jeff has ever had. Throughout dinner he waxed euphoric about each bite. Though he compared the fare to other epic, memorable meals, this was clearly the best. 

The star off is for the remarkably bad Caesar salad. The dressing was more ground mustard and vinegar (just too darned tart) and less Parmesan and anchovy than any Caesar should be. Since you'll spend about $100 per person (with a glass of wine) they should have a great salad, don't you think?
This is definitely one of the classier, more upscale restaurants in Ithaca. We came here on a Friday night around 6:30pm and were seated immediately. 

We started off with the cured meats/olives/cheese plate which was with a good combination of cheeses and meats (manchego, gorgonzola, parmigiano reggiano with sopresata, prosciutto, etc). For our cocktails I ordered the Ithaca 37 (gin + lemon + prosecco) and my boyfriend ordered the Lion's Tail (bourbon + allspice dram + bitters + lime juice + agave). Both were delicious and well made. 

Our entrees were fresh sole in parchment and buckwheat papardelle (homemade) with duck ragu. The quality of the food was excellent and so was the service. My sole was tender and juicy and the pasta was as fresh as can be. 

Our desserts were the lemon panna cotta and the chocolate pots de creme with homemade graham crackers. Both were absolutely heavenly; you can tell that Mercato takes a great deal of care into preparing their foods well.

Although the food quality was good, I personally think that the price is a little too high for the portions that they serve. The tables were also located a little too close together. Whenever we (or the people at the tables next to us) had to get up and leave, our asses brushed against the tables. 

I'd probably come here again, but only for special occasions.
The only bar in Harvard Square that matters - excellent Guinness, tunes, & bartenders. You'd be wise to spend a relaxing afternoon here.
I wound up at Teresa's through a gift certificat from a friend who knows my taste in food.  It is very casual and offers great Italian food.  If you are spending the day in Princeton, it is a great choice for dinner. There are many nice shops in the immediate vicinity that my wife goes crazy over.  Not my idea of a good time but worth it if you go to Teresa's when you are done. The bread was excellent and comes from the Witherspoon Bakery which is just around the corner.  My wife and I both had penne in a maranara sauce with pieces of chicken throughout.  It was very good. For dessert, I had a cannoli and the shell tasted homemade.  I can't help but wonder if it came from the bakery that the bread came from. I'll have to check that out.
Great food and bar selection, but it can get real expensive real fast.
My boyfriend and I went to valentines day dinner again at Bacaro and it was superb as always.  the stuffed peppers were delightful.  we chose the duck confit panini and the fillet mignon with foie gras as our main courses, and loved them both.  the duck confit panini had goat cheese which made it tangy and tasty.  The fillet mignon was perfectly cooked, and was just as easy to cut into as the foie gras.  And the desserts were decadent (the chocalate bomb and pistachio cake).  Great job!!
Oh no!
I've got to come again to see if it can be better?
Fri HH with a good friend.  Came in, found seats outside- which is nice but it was cold.

Asked MANY times for the heat lamp.....every other table got one even though we kept asking....we got one last.  We started to think it was an ethnic thing.....why we were being ignored but I continue......

Our server wasn't nice, wasn't smiling dn wasn't present!  Took our initial orders and never came back!  We had to ask for her and then she took forever!  We were ordering a decent smt ie, spending decent money and ordering off min menu- not just HH and we still could not get service.  Was it busy?  No.  When she did come back, after a manager cam to take our subsequent order, she said oh, sorry but I have this big party and haven't had time to come by....yeah, we noticed.  Not even a glance.  Not even a he'd nod to say hey, I see u are u ok?  Complete absence of eye contact.  And when she brought the bill- it was a drive so fast and we wanted to giver her our cards but she didn't even look at us.  Her head was literally turned away.  We hoped it wasn't personal!  Ok, so yes, we had bad service....movin on.

HH wine was OK.  Not bad.  Shrimp cocktail, worth HH price, not full price.  Kle salad good, crab cake OK.

Some people seem to like this place so maybe we'll try again.  Otherwise, there's Palomino nf Glendon which I love!

Nice bathroom
Best part of this place is the service.  It is extremely attentive.  BBQ shrimp appetizer is so-so as the sauce is overbearing and too rich.  Wedge and house salads were great.  Entrees of filet (large cut) was a winner and the sea bass was also cooked well.  Sides were good.  On par with the rest of the steakhouse crowd from Ruth Chris to The Grill.  Very predictable restaurant.
This place is great! The salads and pizzas are fresh and tasty. The staff is very accomodating and informative. The location is perfect, right smack in the middle of princeton and they have D-Elicious coffee here! Only gripe are the limes i ask to come w my sparkling water they are always dry and you only get two drops of juice after squeezing it reeeally hard... Grrr i love sparkling water and i love my limes to be juicy... Invest in some juicy limes please!
Was going to say refer to Lily P's reviews, but you can refer to her picture #27 for Teresa's to see the Penne Pecorino ($16) which I ordered tonight, since she refuses to review tonight's dinner because she's already checked in here 4x.  The penne was soft and slightly overcooked (I prefer my penne al dente), and each time I come here, I always finish my plate but remain slightly hungry.  The portions are modest, their vegetables locally grown, and their oil concoction for the bread is delicious. 

Enjoyed watching a small insect flying along the wall (-1 star).  Overall though, a very quaint restaurant with a welcoming atmosphere, good Italian food, and fresh ingredients.
Although the atmosphere is great, their best quality would be the menu. Our waiter informed us that it changes nightly, keeping only a few fan favorites for staples. One of their staples, shrimp and grits. Try it, you must try it. I was torn between a few different starters and entrees, but since I chose the shrimp and grits, I left happy. I had chicken with a squash puree and my bf had potato soup and the hanger steak. Both meals were enjoyable, but next time I promise to venture out of my comfort zone and get something like the lamb which our waiter referred to as "something Fred Flinstone would eat after he slides off his dinosaur", with a description like that, how can you resist? 

It may be a little pricey, but I'd say it's worth it. The service is great, even the man who brought our food and took our plates struck up a conversation about the ever-changing menu. The cozy upstairs had fireplaces and candles and made a great environment to enjoy dinner. It's definitely worth trying and just remember, if you get the shrimp and grits, you won't be disappointed.
Granada is quite the charmer. Inside is cozy but it can get noisy.

They have a fantastic wine and beer selection. if you aren't sure what you'd like, ask your waitress (yes, only women work there) they always have good suggestions.
Their brunch is fantastic (make your own bloody mary bar!)
Their cheese plate is wonderful, as well as their fig salad and panini's.

Eating inside is cute, but crowded. If you get a choice between eating inside by the bar or by the window, take the window seat. If the sun is out, you won't regret eating there, fantastic people watching spot. 
You can't help but feel like a kitten sitting on a window sill! 
What i'm pretty much getting at is... this place is charming!

It's takes alot for me to give a place 5 stars. And in san luis obispo it's never happened. However, this is my favorite place by far in town.
The reason i gave this fancy place a 2 stars  is because i didn't get to order anything from the happy hour menu since i didn't want to sit at the bar for my anniversary :( what is the point of giving me the happy hour menu if i can't order anything from it = =?

Ordered prime ribeye and salmon fillet. Ribeye was very tender and juicy but it lacked taste, all i could've tasted was black pepper... The salmon was good though, in my opinion, with the flavorings it came with. They don't give you any sides with the main courses so i decided to order creamy sweet corn, pretty decent corn afterall (although i think it's a little pathetic to talk about corn lol). 

not too good of an experience. but w/es. will go back to try their happy hour menu next time!
Fleming's happy hour = debauchery at it's finest! 

I frequent this place with various girlfriends and it's doomed to get messy and rowdy...in a good way though!

Their happy hour line is: 5 for $6 before 7pm. And that's exactly what you get. 5 appetizers, 5 wines and 5 cocktails, each for $6. Oh, and their latest addition to the menu is a burger with bacon and cheese and onion rings. Also for $6. 

I am such a big fan of their happy hour that I should become a spokesperson for Fleming's. Maybe they could stuff me in a cute Martini glass costume and I could dance around the Stanford Shopping mall. However, that would take away rare available seats from the crowded bar area. So scratch that, Fleming's. I will continue to be a customer and not work for you (I would have been good, though!).

My absolute favorite drink there is the white cosmo that has dried blueberries at the bottom of the glass. These go down like juice. My friend Inna and I once planned to grab happy hour here with 1-2 drinks each and then head up to SF for a concert. This is what happened instead: 5 white cosmos each and a half bottle of amazing red wine courtesy of the neighboring booth's male inhabitants that apparently had a blast listening to our girl talk and felt that they needed to pay in some sort of way for the entertainment we provided. 

Needless to say the concert did not happen as my driving abilities or abilities to do anything but continue to drink went down the drain. Downtown Palo Alto it was instead. 

Damn you, Fleming's! You're too much fun!
I don't get to Vinology for dinner or happy hour but do go there for lunch.  Over the years they have been through a lot of chefs, some great, some not so great.  The latest chef has an interesting menu of "burgers and beyond" or something.  Nice presentation and well prepared.  I'm not into hearty sandwiches and fries (though the sweet potato fries are awesome) so this chef's menu gets a B from me.  

The problem we've had recently is the lousy service.  We used to go every week earlier this year but the bad service and mediocre menu drove us away.  The new chef's menu is better but I can't take 90 minutes for lunch, especially when the place is mostly empty and the waitstaff just seems to disappear.
My fave restaurant in Westwood!! It is fantastic. The food is phenomenal. A bit pricey but they buy their produce from local farmers and taste is exceptional. The outdoor patio area is pretty nice and their happy hour is good too!
I had the sliced filet mignon small plate and it was wonderful. My boyfriend said his prime rib was the best steak he's ever tasted. It's pricey but it was fun and I'd certainly go back.
GlassHalFull is one of my favorite date night or girls night spots in Carrboro, NC. The atmosphere is always fun and flirty, and the outside area is lovely in the spring/summer. 

I went here tonight with one of my best girlfriends, and we shared many glasses of wine and a ton of tapas. We had the cheese plate (get it) with perfect pairings of fig jam, perfectly roasted cranberries, and quince paste. Then we shared brussel sprouts caramelized to goodness. Followed by a potato and leek soup and a nice red snapper with papaya and yummy spicy salsa. 

Expect to pay more than you would at most tapas places - both for service/atmosphere and the good food. It's worth it for a nice night out in this area. 

Love this place for a fun girls gathering or a steamy date night. You can also buy a bottle of wine (classy) to go from the wine shop that's part of the restaurant. I won't go here regularly, but I won't stop coming here every few months for a lovely experience.
We went with a party of 8 and were seated in the wine tasting room. The pianist played a very lite sweet melody and the ambiance itself was a nice quiet, and peaceful. We were promptly offered drinks, appetizers and quickly recieved our orders. Sam, the manager, visited our table, offered main dish suggestions and chatted with us for a few minutes. Our server was very knowledgable with each dish and drink. Our food was delicious. I was the sun dried ravioli with corn, greens, and asparagus, delicoius! Their spinach and artichoke dip was creamy and served with nicely toasted bread bites. It really was a wonderful experience for a little charge.

I highly reccomend this place!

We also had our wedding rehearsal dinner here. Wonderful service, wonderful food, and a warm friendly staff. We couldn't have asked for more!
Bought a certificate for this place from Bloomspot so I thought I'd check it out.  

I was surprised by how small the restaurant is!  It's only got about 10 tables and man are those tables narrow!  I loved the decor of the little place though: the ceiling is covered with wine bottles and the wine list is written on the chalk board wall!  

The food here is very fresh. I guess we came around the end of butternut squash season and actually got the very last order of it for the entire season!  It was so good we tried to order more but there was no more to be had.  We ordered practically everything on the menu, since the menu is really not that extensive and we are apparently fatty mcfatties.  Other highlights included the Bacaro Burger, which you must get with the quail egg- so much better, and the Bacon and Brie Pizza- doesn't that just make your mouth water?! 

They have an interesting selection of wines.  Many of which I've never heard of but were quite good.  The owners were a lot younger than I thought they would be, but they are knowledgeable.  Ask them for recommendations!  

Good place for small groups, date night, or catching up with friends.  I'll be back to take a different set of friends.
I love to eat and through my travels around the world I have come to really enjoy small plates and sharing food while dining. I know it's not for everyone but for me it's the only way to go! 

I was treated to my 37th Birthday dinner at Bacaro and was not disappointed. My hubby and I toasted with delicious basil muddled gimlets dined on oysters on the half with bing cherry granita, grilled mortadella stuffed with Taleggio (my favorite cheese) served with amarone chutney, wild boar salumi and buffalo mozzarella with arugula, we had to add an order of homemade papparadelle with grilled swordfish cherry tomatoes and toasted breadcrumbs, and the delectable ricotta canoli was our dessert. 

I would say more cheese in the grilled mortadella and taleggio and I had wished the sword fish was whole and not cubed, those would be my only suggestions... change for the better! 

We shared all dishes and you can multiply those gimlets by 2 each and the bill was just over $100... I think a fantastic deal for happy and full birthday celebrating bellies!! 

I also like the options for dining, you can chill on the patio, mingle at the wine bar, or take on the course challenge at a quite table with a city view.
I went here for a close friends birthday I want to say on a Wednesday night.  First of all, can someone please tell me why the place is so freaking dark.  From the outside, it doesn't look like its open.  I carpooled with a friend and we COMPLETELY missed the place because it was so dark and small.  It is really hard to find street parking and I wouldn't go far from the store.  The neighborhood gets....interesting...The place has about 8 really narrow but long tables.  If you have long legs, I'm sorry, be prepared to play footsies with the person sitting across from you.  

The food is $8 per plate or 3 for $21.  I got the deconstructed blt, the pan-seared scallops, and the grilled chicken. You would think that that would be enough food. NOOOOOOOOOOOOPE.  Don't get me wrong, the food was really good.  But personally, I don't think I would go back.  It was like $21 for appetizers.  The pan-seared scallops came with 2 scallops, the grilled chicken was at most the size of my palm, and the deconstructed blt was pretty small too.  One of my friends and I looked at each other then laughed because we thought the portions were pretty ridiculous.  

For dessert we had the bread pudding.  It was really good.  I think they gave us more bread pudding then actually entries but hey it was an experience.
You should never spend a Monday night any other way. Ever. Period. 

It was perfect, from the 1/2 off all wine all night to $5 delicious tapas-size plates till 7, to the sunflowers lining the walls, to the grand windows and wood tables. Just perfect. 

Close friends. First date. Whatever.  Just come here and enjoy. Rinse, and repeat.


Of particular deliciousness, I'd recommend the burger. It's amazing, and it's just a freaking burger.
Fleming's has taken the lead for one of the best steaks I have ever had. I have never been to any other Fleming's location, so I'm not sure if this holds up everywhere. This particular location offers something to be rivaled.

Although not cheap, the filet mignon steaks (3 sizes) have a lot of value. For the money you get a lot of meat. Much more important than the quantity is that the meat is incredibly tender and tastes fantastic.

You don't actually need the sauces that they offer since the steaks have a ton of flavor on their own, but it adds additional depth and lets you dip small pieces to augment your experience.

Fleming's also has the best happy hour burger in the area. $6 for a $13 burger. Get the onion rings instead of the fries, and then throw one of those suckers on your burger. You won't regret it!

The bar staff is knowledgeable about the wine, and they also make great cocktails at the bar.

We will continue to come here and it has become out defacto "steak night out" place.
Holy crap, this place is goooood, I mean real good. 

It was so crazy delicious and the set up is really cute. Great atmosphere, great eats. 

I had the chicken with goat cheese mashed potatoes and I had to stop mid meal to weep into my napkin because the food was so good. I basically licked my plate clean. 

We also shared the shrimp and grits and cheese curd appetizers and they were amazeballs. The shrimp was kind of sweet and the grits were just the right amount of spicy. 

It's not exactly cheap, but for such excellent cuisine and a gastropub-y experience, it's not bad at all.

I think you might need a reservation to go -- so book one. What are you doing? Go book one!
The neighborhood was quiet on Sunday afternoon. The valet was swift and the hostess seated us promptly. It was a beautiful day outside, so we opted to sit outside. The restaurant inside was quite spacious, elegant and had a very charming appearance. 

The server, who looked like a desperate actor, introduced himself and took our drink orders. He came out a few minutes later with the drinks along with slices of bread, crumbs of muffin, and butter. After that, all bets were off....

From the moment I looked at the limited menu, I should've ran for the door. The choices were so random: tuna melts, steak salad, burgers, pumpkin bisque....all with soaring prices.

Service was inattentive. The burgers that were ordered "medium rare" came out "moo-ing" and were bloody red. When we returned them to cook, everybody was so hungry, we started eating and were done by the time the burgers came back out. Our waters were always empty. The hysterical part was...the place was not busy whatsoever.

The only plus-side to all this was how yummy the fries and pumpkin bisque was...

The bill came out to around $65 for two burgers and fries, a steak salad, and a combo that included a pumpkin bisque, side salad and half a tuna melt. We thought we would receive a better dining experience after seeing how busy the restaurant was the night before.

The whole experience was overrated.
Sigh. I don't know why everyone wants to sit me next to the door, even with reservations, and then I have to feel like a bitch for declining. And the only other option was this mammoth of a booth next to the kitchen.

It might be a little unfair comparing this place to Just a Taste in Ithaca, which is what comes to mind. I wasn't terribly impressed by the selection of wines by the glass, and I thought their oversimplified key for identifying the taste of each wine was distracting, and made my decision even more difficult. I enjoy flights for tasting purposes, and was somewhat disappointed that flights don't seem to be their thing.

The food I tried was pretty phenomenal, though. The flavors were striking, too bold if anything, but definitely interesting, and nice for experimenting with wine.
being a nevada rancher, i know my cuts of meat, and the prime rib i ordered was actually a rib eye steak. it was cooked very well and had great flavor, but thats all that was on the plate(side dishes extra). Definately overpriced !! i ordered a side of grilled asparagus, but couldnt finish it, it was way over cooked. good tasting meat, just not what i ordered, and WAY OVERPRICED
They have a chef who really, really gets it.  The menu can change often, because she? he? only uses the best.

The idea of doing wine taster sizes with along with a large selection is really great too!
Came here for the first time for my husband's birthday.  I was holding it up to compare it to Alexandar's or Morton's.  But it didn't hit the mark I was hoping it would.  The food wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing!  The service was great though, very attentive, polite, friendly.  So for the food........ we got the french onion (it was good), seafood chowder (this was better), sweet chili calamari.  I asked the waiter if it came out all slimy he said no it's still crunchy. But when it came out it was a little pool of the clear red chili sauce (like the one you get a ranch 99 for lumpia).  Sure enough the calamari was not crunchy.  Booo should have got the sauce on the side.  Next fried lobster tails (anything fried is good).  This was actually good but a bit steep on the price for 4 small tails.  But good to try for your first time.  We then had our main courses.......ny strip special with green beans.  It was good nothing amazing.   My daughter got the ny strip as well but the regular one, hers was a bit charred at the end.  Husband got the bone in rib eye, it was good nothing amazing though.  side of peppercorn steak sauce.  side of onion rings and shoe string fries (they were all overcooked and all super crunchy).  The lobster mac n cheese was really good.  The creamed corn was good, my daughter liked that the most.  Go figure........ dessert we just had vanilla ice cream. They brought the husband this huge chocolate cake and it was very nice and taste good.  I would give this place another try.. again the food wasn't bad it was good but not AMAZING.........
2.5 stars, rounding up mainly because it is a nice place in terms of the facility, restaurant design, dress code, and concept.  The -2.5 stars is really for the food.

I went here last week for my birthday after a friend recommended the chain.  The claim was that it was better than Town in San Carlos which is not a true traditional steak house.  Well if Town is a phony steak house, then give me phony!

First off, our server Steve was very helpful.  You get really good service here, although if you're not used to Ritz Carlton-style service where they spend a lot of time with you and talk a lot then you might not like it.  Ten years ago it probably would have bothered me but today I actually enjoyed the service quite a bit.  It is a dressy place (I'd recommend a jacket for men) and the service suits it.

We started with salads.  I had a Caesar and my wife had the wedge.  The Caesar dressing almost tasted slightly of Thousand Island to me and the lettuce was pre-cut and drenched.  It was definitely a very Americanized Caesar.  My wife's wedge looked ok but it lacked the goodies like bacon that you'd get at Town.

For dinner I ordered the 22oz porterhouse cooked rare.  My wife ordered the chef's special Wagyu filet with lobster, Oscar style with asparagus and bearnaise.

My steak was actually pretty good, but it's damn good I like salt.  I mean, it was SALTY.  I like salt though, so that's ok but even for me I was like, "Wow... This is fricking salty!!!"  The temperature was perfect and the meat was good.  This was better than Town.

Now for my wife's food.  It's pretty hard to have Wagyu not be awesome and of course it was great.  The problem came with the lobster.  I was kind of expecting it to be served in the shell but instead it was several chunks sitting on the plate.  It actually tasted like a giant rock shrimp more than a lobster and was kind of fishy.  She didn't even eat it all.

For sides I tried Flemings potatoes (good) and garlic mashes potatoes (meh).  We also got a half order of King Crab.  The crab was Outback-level (1.5 star).  The next day I bought two legs from Nob Hill for $15 and it was far superior.

All in all, neither of us was impressed with the food at all even though we both liked the restaurant and concept.  I can't see us going back by ourselves.
This place is one of the better steak houses in San Diego, they have a very god bone in filet as well as unique flavored flemmings potatoes.  I am not giving this place 5 starts because my girlfriend got food poisoning when she ate there with me an had a stomach ache the entire next day.  i think this was a fluke because i was fine.  This restaurant has a very vibrant atmosphere and the noise level for such a nice place is pretty high.  My father always complains about the noise level, but he is getting old and hard of hearing.
yummy...

taste: the bree and apples are so good!!!!!!!! i loved the steak too!! they have these wine tasting trees that are so cute and their wine selection is great too!

decor: a dim lit room, elegant atmosphere, candle lit tables.

room: large, the majority of times you need a reservations for the weekend, but during the weekdays it seems more available but its good to call in advance

service: fine dining service, its great! helpful and patient! the parking is valet... so plan on bringing some extra cash.

price: expensive, but not compared to other steakhouses like ruth chris and lawry's... 

overall: flemings is a great steak house for steak lovers and wine lovers too!
This might be my favorite Tria location, but I can't decide. Layout-wise, I find it more comfortable, since it's more open and spacious rather than long and narrow like the other locations, and I like their outdoor seating. Also, it's less likely to get crazy-crowded compared to the other locations. It's on the way home from work, so I enjoy stopping by here for happy hour. Every week there is a different selection of $5 wines by the glass for happy hour, and usually they are all somewhat obscure, lesser known, and/or interesting wines. As with other Tria locations, you can't go wrong with any of the delicious food, and the overall wine service and selection is top notch.
Love this place! I celebrated my birthday there with a few friends this past summer and it was perfect. The drinks were good and the appetizers were yummy. We even got to see Chris Pine and Chris Noth (MR Big from Sex and The City).
Among the major reasons to like the place are that it's the only halfway classy venue in West Adams.  The food and wine are another reason.

Mostly it's strictly tapas style, with small (but delcious!) portions.  Some of the combinations are inventive (honey, blue cheese and PEPPERMINT on a crostini?).  Others, like tarragon and beets are less innovative, but really solid.  I like the fact that a couple of the options are a little more substantial.  The panini are really, really good (the caramelised onion... wow) as are the pizzas.  So if you're with a group, and some of the people are hungry, it's fine.

The wine selection (of course) is good, and there are always some nice cheap options.

The venue is really cute, and informal.  I love that one whole wall is a chalkboard.  The big problem, though, is size.  It's a small place, and often over crowded.
I have been to many steakhouses in San Diego county and Fleming's is by far one of the best. The food is more expensive than Mr. A's and Ruth's Chris, but it is definitely worth the price.

The filet mignon, both the regular and the bone-in are fantastic and the baked potatoes are some of the biggest potatoes I have ever seen. The last time I went for my birthday, I was given a dessert with the most delicious whipped cream I have ever tasted. The server even offered to give me a take home box of the whipped cream. I will definitely be returning for my next birthday or hopefully sooner.
Location, outdoor patio, mix of students and regional jokers, and cheapity are three good reasons to drink here.
This was an interesting experience. I came with my friend and put our names on the chalk board to get in line for a table. They urged us to order wine at the bar in the meantime, where we got two glasses and placed orders for 6 hot dishes. All 6 promptly came out while we were standing at the bar, and we just started munching away while standing. About half an hour later, we were next to be seated, but we had already finished all our food, so just paid the bartender and left. 3 hot plates per person is sufficient to fill you up, in my opinion. It was not a bad experience at all... just unexpected. The food was tasty, and the drink was good.
I like Shay's, definitely a good casual place to go on a warm summer night and sit out on the patio.  I went here with a friend who I hadn't seen in a while, and the patio seating area was the perfect place to sit and have a conversation.  It's definitely more of a pub than a wine bar though. Put it this way, when I picture what a wine bar should look like, I certainly don't think of Shay's.  Just thought I'd mention that in case anyone was looking for more of a wine bar atmosphere.
My new favorite place in Princeton,  I've probably been to Teresa's Cafe 3 or 4 times since I travel there an awful lot on business. Just found it in early March and wish I found it before then. 

Before I speak to the entrees I have to start with the best first - they have the hands down best bread pudding I have ever had in my life (and I've had bread pudding in quite a few places all over the country). Gooey, caramelly, warm (you can see the steam rising from it when it is served), with thin slices of peaches. Peaches sounded strange to me at first, but really it's amazing. My co-worker and I ordered that for dessert each time we went.

As far as entrees go, I was a little be skeptical at first about trying out yet another Italian restaurant in an area dominated by awesome Italian restaurants, but was very happy with everything we ordered each time we went.

My hands down favorite entree there is the Penne Al Arrabbiata  (my co-worker would also strongly agree) - we had it with shrimp each time, steaming, spicy, huge plate o pasta. I approved.

I have also had or tried the lasagna, conchigle balsamico, insalata farruto and calamari. All were amazing, although I have had better lasagna at other places.

All in all - this place got my stamp of approval. When I return to Princeton in the near future, I know where I'll be going to eat.
It's nice to come during the evening for an intimate gathering. Super small, cozy place with dimly lit candles and french decor! Lots of red and black colors inside! Their menus are the coolest, vintage hardcover books! Also, they serve a different cupcake flavor everyday and you can have them pair it with a wine! How neat! :D

I ordered:
- ichanka bonarda- la rioja argentina "water of the condor" (complimentary tasting)
- bionade german soft/ drink $3
- panini $10

Tip:
- cash only, or $50 minimum purchase for credit cards
What a great meal!!!  Several Yelpers had told me that this was a great restaurant and were they spot on. 

We had friends in from out of town who love tapas.  We had a blast going through the extensive menu of meats, cheeses, veggies and other delectables.  The hardest part was not ordering more.  Everything that came out was perfect!  We loved the mini panninis, the eggplant rollatini, the charcuterie plate, duck breast, tapenade, polenta (with speck and with the grilled onions) and the olives.  The only miss (and it was slight) was the not so flavorful caponata.  Otherwise, all four of us enjoyed our plates a great deal.  While the dessert menu looked to die for, we passed because we were too full. . . next time for sure!

Our server was prompt, courteous and helpful.  The atmosphere featured a great view of the river but it was a bit dark.  More than one patron (ourselves included) needed to use a flashlight to read the menu.  This would be a very nice place to take a date as a more dressy attire would have been appropriate (three of the four of us were wearing jeans and we didn't feel too underdressed).  There is parking on site.  The wine list was very nice and extensive- we got a very tasty bottle of Montepulciano for about $40 (not too terrible a mark up) but they had a wide variety of options including half bottles and tasting sizes (3 oz).  

Overall this was a highly enjoyable meal and one of the best we've had in Providence.  Without a doubt we will be back with more friends to try out the whole tapas menu and the rest of the desserts.  A Providence gem for sure!
Great spot in downtown. The outside patio is the best! The food is very good and the staff if very attentive.
Great food, great wine and great service - this place is a little gem!  I loved the wine bottle ceiling and the chalkboard wall.  Cozy ambiance...

I came here with 3 others so we had to order several of the 3 for $19 combos, but it didn't turn out too pricey surprisingly.  We ordered two bottles of red wine - I particularly liked the one from Portugual, but unfortunately I can't remember what it was called...

We started of with 3 different crostinis: fresh ricotta w/ olive tapenade; gorgonzola, dates and walnuts with orange honey; and marscapone and sun-dried tomato tapenade - all very good, especially the marscapone!  We also tried the bruschette - heirloom tomato and roasted garlic w/ basil pesto (didn't care for the garlic one, but the tomato was good)

After drinking cuttting the crostinis and bruschette into 4 little pieces - we had to order more!  

The Bacaro Burger - really delicious!  except it wasn't served on a burger bun, it came on 2 pieces of a thick toast bread.  The sauce surround it was so yummy and i loved the fried egg on top.

Pan seared Scallops - This dish was good, it came with a mixture of corn and tomatoes bui they should leave out the "s" at the end - there was only ONE scallop!

White Pizza and Roasted Eggplant pizza - The White Pizza was mouthwatering!  Every bite you could feel the cheese and bacon melt into your mouth...MMM I'm salivating just thinking about it again!  The roasted eggplant was OK - I guess it was not as tasty after following the white pizza!

I definitely would recommend making reservations  - it's a small restaurant and gets pretty crowded.  Also - be prepared to order 2 or 3 of everything if coming with a big group - portions are small!  Otherwise, I think this place is perfect for two  :)
TAPAS?

The first time I had tapas I may or may not have had a fit ending with me yelling WHY AM I PAYING $$ FOR A SLICE OF BACON. So when my friend said we were eating here (and I suppose left out the part about it being tapas, smart), I agreed. 

But you know what? I'm down with tapas. $21 for 3 plates? BRING IT. Portion-control Leslie is out to play. 

So five of us headed to Bacaro and ordered four hot plates and two pizzas -- The Bacaro Mac & Cheese, Lamb Stuffed Eggplant (I was strongly against this as I am strongly against vegetables in general but I am telling you: this. was. so good. And let me note: IT WAS EGGPLANT.), Grilled Chicken Breast and the Hangar Steak.  All of them were really good, but I would definitely get the Mac & Cheese and that Grilled Chicken Breast-- so lemony and good. Andd THE PIZZA. 

A whole new paragraph for the pizzas. I wasn't too big of a fan of the Magherita Pizza but the White Pizza (BACON, HI) was so good. I almost didn't want to share.

Anyways, the service was amazing, they were so kind and extremely attentive. My friends (and namely one friend) loved the sangria, so if you like that sangria lovin' -- it is said to be delicious (so delicious, that you may end up drinking three glasses before the food arrives...but don't do that).

Downsides are the parking (but its LA so... whatever) and space. We were fortunate that the place wasn't full yet but I can imagine that it definitely does during its peak hours! Such a fun place, I wish I came here more last semester!
Wow, I feel like my experiences here just keep getting better. I stopped in again the other evening with my co-yelper Andrea R for a late dinner and some time to unwind and bounce ideas around.

First of all, I was glad to see that they were open until 10 on a Sunday evening -- sometimes the selection gets limited for eating out late on Sunday in Ann Arbor. 

I ordered the Ahi, which was tender and full of flavor.  The eggplant garlic sauce was a perfect compliment.  I was excited to try the duck fat potatoes, but frankly I couldn't taste the flavor difference in the lesser cooked potatoes.  The ones that were allowed to get a bit crispy, though?  Woooow, there was where I could really notice a difference!  Now I (finally) think I understand what people rave about when they eat duck fat fries!

I again found the little "key" on the wine list helpful... though I always feel like the symbols are a little cartoon-y, I do indeed need them, and appreciate a little extra guidance in making my selection.
Fleming's is upper-scale dining, with an emphasis on their steaks and wines.  Considering I'm not a wine kind of person, I was only able to appreciate the steaks.

I ordered the bone-in ribeye with Cajun seasoning.   This is my go-to for a prime steakhouse, since I believe that the bone-in ribeye (also known as the cowboy ribeye) is the most flavorful and character-laden cut.  It has a great potential for showcasing the beefy-ness of the steak, as well as displaying the efforts of the steakhouse's seasoning, especially if Cajun seasoning is requested.

So how did the Flemings ribeye fare?  Pretty good.  

I ordered it medium, and it came out to what I would call medium.  The plating was simple - steak in the middle, light parsley dusting around, and presented on an oversized round white plate.  The steak was also padded with melted butter, which heightened the olfactory effect of the order as it meshed with the beefy and Cajun tones.  The 1600-degree oven in which the steak was cooked generated a dark crust, but upon cutting the meat, it was beautifully tender inside.

Upon first bite, I noticed that it was seasoned perfectly.  I am pretty unforgiving for bland food, so I was pleased that my ribeye was definitely not bland.  The meat had ample texture and Cajun flavors that it was enough to thoroughly enjoy.  The lip of the cut especially had explosive savory levels as the Cajun seasoning and the beef fat synergized into an unstoppable team of flavor.  My only gripe about this steak is that it essentially didn't have as much BEEF flavor as other prime steaks I've had in my time.  I've heard that they do not dry age their steaks, so this might be the case.  But whether or not that is true, I just feel that the strength in their steak offerings is their texture (which is expected since it is prime beef) and their seasoning.  If you want a beefy steak, try Morton's.

So in terms of prime steaks, Fleming's rates below Donovan's (my favorite), but it is still a great place.... especially if you consider their dessert.

The chocolate lava cake alone would warrant a dine-in at Fleming's.  Sure it seems kind of a novelty to have chocolate oozing out of a cake, but they execute it so well here.  The chocolate lava is decadent, the cake is delicious, the ice cream on the side works perfectly, and the Chantilly cream that accompanies the chocolate lava cake is so fluffy and amazingly delightful that you could eat it by itself.  On top of that, Fleming's presents it with pizazz, using raspberries and mint for garnish, hazelnuts and chocolate for effect, and the ice cream in a wafer basket for that "aw, that's cute" point.  Here's a picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2LrIkZB7mOwu8-9OVhjWfQ?select=lUO6Lvo43nHeE_vkTwOmEA

So that's my report for Fleming's.  It's not bad at all.  Sure there are better prime steaks, but it will be very hard to find a better chocolate lava cake.
We've been going here about once a month since it opened. Steaks are great. Portions are much too large, so we typically split everything. I don't find cold leftover steak appealing so have little interest in taking food home. I would rather pay less and get less food; but that's not how it's set up. 

We share a Caesar salad. Good, but not memorable.  Bone-in ribeye is sensational. Great meat, terrific flavor. Share creamed spinach and/or onion rings. We enjoy both, but should probably have only one. 

Sometimes we do a trio of wines @ 2-oz pours so each of us  can sample several different kinds. Otherwise, they have a few wine listings that indicate good price/performance and they are good wines. 

If you get on their mailing list, you get notified of various price fixed specials. They have always been a good deal and excellent. 

The service has always been friendly and attentive here.
Great, affordable lunches.  They've got mini 3-course lunches for about $13-15 which includes soup, salad, and a 1/2 sandwich.  I had the tomato bisque soup and chicken cobb salad.  The salad dressing was light and fresh, but the greens were sliced too much to the point that I had to scoop the salad with my fork. 

We had a coupon for free wine flights, so that was an added treat.  Their outdoor dining area on the patio is great, no one was smoking so it was a pleasant experience.  

The staff were great.  We didn't like one of our wines in the flight, and they brought us an exceptional replacement at no charge.
Bacaro, you always give me a party in my mouth! The wine list is extensive and I always love the beers on tap too. The Bacaro burger, grilled hangar steak, and roasted eggplant pizza are must trys! And with the plates being only $7 or $5 during happy hour, you can sample a lot of different things. Came here with three friends last time and ordered almost everything on the menu along with two bottles of wine. The bread pudding is also amazing!
Friendly service, great food and late happy hour makes me even happier! I was there last night with my husband and we had 4 appetizers, a desert and a drink each for $33 + tip! The food is amazingly good for its price, the blue cheese balls and cheesecake are a "must try"!
Food is overrated and expensive. A great place for beer and some unknown italian wine.
This place is adorable - it was the first and most memorable meal I've had in LA. My best friend had just picked me up from the LAX airport and straight to Bacaro we went. Admittedly, it's located in a sketchy part of town, but the restaurant is truly a diamond in the rough. It's got a homey hole-in-the-wall feel to it; though clearly, the food surpasses the quixotic standards of one.

It's tapas style, so you get to taste a little bit of a lot of things. I think we ordered about 5 plates between the two of us - everything, and I mean everything, was delightful. The food paired nicely with the house wine and the setting was cozy and intimate, so we got to catch up and had a terrific time; great conversation, which was undoubtedly fortified by the food and relaxed setting.

The bartender, who was also our waiter (who doesn't love a multi-tasker?), was extremely informative and helpful - everything he recommended was top-notch. The scallops, hangar steak and bacaro burger were my top 3 favorites. The food also came out fairly quickly and in good pace (2 plates at a time). We were both stuffed at the end, but not to the point that we were going to regret our meal in any way.

I can't sing enough praises about this place - Love, love, LOVED IT.
***HAPPY HOUR REVIEW***

Their "5 for $6 'till 7" menu is great - 5 cocktails, 5 appetizers, and 5 wines until 7pm.  Pricing is not bad for such a fancy place!

By the way, I called ahead and was happy to find out that they don't really enforce the "business casual" dress code in the bar/patio areas, so my friends and I went in dressed like our normal youthful selves.

I tried the appletini and lemon drop, both of which were tasty.  Not terribly strong - I was able to walk out without stumbling or forgetting anyone's name - but good enough I suppose.  (The 4 stars is mostly for this... try the Tractor Room in Hillcrest for cheap AND strong drinks.)

I got the shrimp appetizer, which was DELICIOUS - shrimp and bread bathed in a spicy garlicky butter sauce... muwaghhwhfahemmm in the words of Homer Simpson!  Not bad for $6 at this nice place.

BUT!  It seems that I got the short end of the stick because 3 of my frineds got the new burger, which is ENORMOUS.  Topped with bacon and cheese, and I think there was a side of fries.  My boyfriend's medium rare burger was bleeding... gross!  He said it was amazingly delicious, though.  Whatever.

We also tried the fried calamari - I don't normally enjoy calamari because of the chewiness, but this was quite good!  Clean texture, nice summery flavor.

I'm definitely going back because Fleming's happy hour was reasonably priced, delicious, and had good options on all 3 fronts.
Between the 3 steakhouses I've been to; Ruth's Chris, Donovan's and Flemings, I've got to it put in order of the following when it comes to 16oz Prime Ribeye.  

1)Ruth's Chris 2nd visit -ordered it medium rare +, came out good, not floating in butter like last time.  Best way to order it! 
2)Flemings - 1st time there,good cut, ordered it medium rare +,  about 20% of it was fat but packed with flavor! 
3)Donovans- 1st time there, smaller portion ribeye, ordered medium rare as the waiter suggested, not that much flavor

Our waitress was good, the hostess was good, the setup is good.

One thing that killed it was that the hostess sat us right next to the kitchen... 

As elegant as Fleming's is, I thought that having an open view of the kitchen and the over powering sound from the kitchen completely ruined the class of that place.  

Seeing all the waiters and waitresses standing around,  telling the hispanic cooks to hurry up made seem like a regular restaurant.   At least frost the glass or something... 

Other than that, it's just like Ruth's Chris: a la carte, similar sides, steaks cooked in butter, similar prices.
A bit pricey but worth it for a nice night out on the town.  Expect to spend $100 - $120 for dinner for 2 plus wine flights.  The small plates menu is great: Lobster cake and shrimp fresh roll were great.
Like this place a lot. Great outdoor seating. Fun crowd. Yummy food, especially their version of french fries :)
Although in general, I'm a fan of GlassHalFull and will continue to eat there, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. 

It's one of the few places I know of in the Chapel Hill/Carrboro area with a good small plates menu, which is a type of restaurant I enjoy, especially when it has a good selection of wine. I love being able to try a couple bites of a bunch of stuff rather than just one entree. It's just that here... it's really expensive to do that.

The food itself is really good. I LOVE the Frisee Salad (not as fancy as it sounds), but I also am a big fan of blue cheese and fruity vinaigrettes, and their homemade (I think) cherry vinaigrette is fantastic. The short ribs are also delicious, mostly because of celery root puree (not gross like it sounds like it will be). But the prices add up on you... quickly. The small plates are priced primarily in the $8 - $15 range, and two people can easily split 4 - 5 of these for a full dinner. Add a bottle of wine and you have a $100 meal that you may not have planned after looking at the menu. For example, the delicious short ribs cost $15 and were three two-bite-sized pieces of ribs. The thing is, you could probably eat here on the cheap if you planned it -- some of the salads are pretty significant at only $8ish a piece. Add a side, and you have a filling meal for yourself. But if you're going to experience it the way it should be... it's not gonna be that cheap.

The atmosphere leaves me with a similar mixed feeling. Inside, it is beautiful, with a wine-cellar-meets-Carrboro-restaurant-in-an-upscale-but-not-pretentious-way. The bar is open and cool, and the staff is friendly. It has good lighting and big windows. However, GHF suffers from that poor restaurant design thing when they put a bank of small tables along one long booth, with a chair on opposite side, and the tables are so close together, you feel like you're going to be sliding your ass into someone's food if you have to get up to go to the bathroom, and that the people on either side of you can hear your entire conversation. It may be efficient, Clever Restaurant Designer, but it is unpleasant for your customers. There are other tables besides those, but they are metal chairs and tables that don't seem nice enough for a place you're going to drop $50 a person in. Plus, the chairs aren't super comfy, just OK.

The service for me was pretty good. Attentive waiter who knew a lot about the food and wine, came back often, and made some good suggestions on what to order, etc. A little pushy on asking us about dessert, then coffee, then after-dinner adult beverage, so it seemed like he was trying to push up the bill, but whatever. 

Anyway, GlassHalFull seems like it'd be a really fun place to come for Happy Hour to have a glass of wine and share a small plate or two at the bar. I'll come back here for dinner, but I'm sure I'll continue to be grumpy about how close it comes to Awesome... but ultimately settles down into Pretty Good.
It's been about 2 years since my first review and I'll have to say that this place has definitely withstood the test of time! Delicious food. Friendly service. Great atmosphere. Despite a small bump in pricing (from $7/plate to $8/plate), I still highly recommend it! They've added new items to the menu and they have specials daily. Absolutely the BEST happy hour - for food - in the USC area (5-7 Mon-Thurs; $5/plate)! Plus, if you're there on Monday it's 1/2 off wine by the glass too. So...some items that are--in my humble opinion--a must try:

Cauliflower with chipotle aioli
Lamb burger (medium-rare) with tahini sauce
Bacon and Brie pizza
Seared polenta with eggplant tapenade

I've had everything on the menu and the above items are 'go-to' favorites. Also in regular circulation at my table are: the Bacaro burger (with egg), Di Staffano's burrata, house-cured olives and Bacaro's homemade ice cream.

The service is great too... but you should know that this place is small and it gets crazy BUSY! Especially when USC is in session. So, word to the wise - either show early or be ready to drink a glass of wine (or two) while you wait.
I came here for my birthday and they made me put a deposit down and told us there was a $20 min per person. Even though I did ALL of this I was kind of upset that we didn't get better service. The waiter messed up our order twice and was kind of slow in bringing our food out. Maybe it was just busy? But still...There was only 1 waiter from what I saw for the whole place!
The food prices have been raised to $8 per plat or 3 for $21.
I was worried about portions (which were KIND of small except for the pizzas) but 2 plates pretty much filled me up.
Wine bottles are all in the $30+ range with quite a large selection.
Glasses start at $7.
The white pizza I got was very saltty! Everyone loves the burger (with egg).
The bread pudding (like everyone says) is pretty amazing!
The place is A LOT smaller than I thought and if you don't come at the perfect time you will not find a seat!
Overall I would come back for happy hours and maybe the Sunday beefsteak night.
Review is a little overdue. My girlfriend and I went on New Year's Eve for dinner and drinks. The chef put together an excellent menu and we were both very pleased with our meals.  The scallops and carrot-ginger pure was outstanding as was my filet. Wine pairings were spot on and moderately priced. Meal as a whole was pretty pricey, but it was well worth the splurge.
Plate Half Full.
I joined two friends for lunch today. The ambiance is nice and gives a hip- rustic-urban vibe to the area. The service is friendly. The food s very tasty. I had a the tuna niscioise salad and iced tea. The salad came with white anchovies and seared tuna, green beans, etc. The salad was tasty but..um.. I left feling like I was ready for lunch, the same lunch that just cost $15!!! I apreciate the flavor but for the price I felt like I was in a time-warp of nouvelle cousine where you get a raddish served on a big open plate! Glad the place is smoke-free and they seem to have an interesting wine selction. I hope that either they continue the "tapas" thing but adjust prices or make the meals more ...like meals...not snacks.
The service was great but our steaks were both bad. They were incredibly chewy and the place is expensive. I'd recommend Donovan's or Harry's over Flemings and they're both on LJ Village Drive.
I had a horrible meal here.  While service was great and I have little to critique there.  I did not think our waitress was very helpful.  I asked her for what she recommended, she asked me what I was in the mood for.  I just wanted to know what was popular here.  I just kept getting my questions reflected back at me.  When I asked for specifics she basically listed the entire menu for me.  So I ended up making my own decision afterall.  We ended up with the following:

1) Clam Chowder - it was watery and lacked any real seafood taste.  The definition of chowder is a "stew" or "thickened soup."  I was sorely disappointed by this.  

2)  Salmon - poorly cooked.  It was too dry and lacked flavor.  

3) Filet Mignon - my boyfriend asked for medium rare, it came out medium well.  I did not see any pink.  It was dry and bland.  

4) Roasted Yukon Potatoes - okay.  It was just plain roasted potatoes.  

5) Spaghetti squash - flavorless.  I did not like the texture.  It was like undercooked vermicelli noodle shaped squash.  This was just not my cup of tea. 

Basic consensus is the food here is dry and bland.  My boyfriend isn't nearly as picky as me when it comes to food, but even he thought it was a waste of money for this dinner.  Perhaps it was an off night :\
This place was so disappointing.  Service was so slow that I thought I was being purposely ignored.  I was there for Sunday brunch.  I had the sirloin steak salad that consisted of a very small portion of tough undercooked steak (I asked for medium, and got rare), and a lot of soggy not fresh lettuce with tasteless dressing.  I had the bread pudding for desert which was tasty, but much too dense and heavy even for bread pudding.  Even the coffee wasn't good.  The atmosphere seemed pretentious, lacking in warmth.
A friend of mine loves this restaurant and gave me a gift card to go try it out.

My gf and I had a 7pm reservation. We arrived a bit early but they were able to seat us immediately. The restaurant was quite busy with a number of large tables. The noise level was quite high but not to the point that we couldn't have a reasonable conversation.

I noticed on the menu that the mashed potatoes had blue cheese in them. During the run down of the specials, the waiter said that one of the specials was lobster mashed potatoes. When I asked him aside from potatoes and lobster, what was in the lobster mashed potatoes, it seemed to catch him off guard. This was a big of a stumbling block when I explained my allergy to which he replied that they could prepare it without blue cheese. I decided to pass on it.

My gf then asked what non-alcoholic beverages were available which also seemed to be a stumbling block for our water. To his credit, he did his best to keep us appraised of the status of our meal, as the wait was a big longer than expected due to the high number of orders on the kitchen. 

I had ordered my filet medium rare. When the steak arrived at the table, I saw a nice char on the outside of the steak but it seemed quite spongy for a medium rare. I also noticed a bit of oil on the plate under the steak. I cut off a slice from the outside of the steak and figured out why quickly. There was a distinct butter taste to the steak which reminds me a bit of Ruth Chris. I understand why they cook it that way, just not my style.

A cut a bit deeper into my steak to find that it was raw in the center of the steak. I was able to get the attention of my waiter who took my plate away. I turned to my gf and we had a discussion as to how they would handle the situation. I personally believe that when a high end steak house serves you something that isn't cooked correctly, they should re-fire the plate.

About 5 minutes later, one of the chefs showed up with my plate. He places it in front of me and explains that the 1600F broiler makes things cook quickly. My plate is radiating a ton of heat. 

This is disappointing in a number of ways. First, my plate is to the point where it could burn me. Next, when you cook a steak, there is a process that needs to be followed including resting the steak etc. As I had cut into my steak, they had dried out the steak by cooking it again. Also with the heat of the plate, my steak continued to cook. 

A few minutes later, the manager of the restaurant came by and asked how our meal had been. I don't think this was a result of sending my steak back, but just something he did in general. 

I explained to him what had happened and how I was disappointed in the manner that it had been handled by the kitchen. He explained that this was not the standard method that these issues were handled and would investigate. He also offered to have another steak prepared. 

As my gf had eaten over half of her meal and to properly cook the steak again would require a good 10-15 minutes, opted not to have another steak cooked. The manager then said he would remove my steak from the bill.

Overall, I think the service was a 3-star, food 2-star, and the manager was a 4-star. I will give them another shot and hope that this was an off-night given how busy it was in there. I would put them on-par with Sundance, but no where near as good as Alexanders.
I am not a beers and burger kinda gal but I thoroughly enjoyed both at this little Harvard square pub!
Lovely evening all around. Service attentive but not intrusive. Calamari appetizer excellent. I had Seabass and he the ahi: both likewise superb. Great and not too expensive wine flight selections complemented our meal. Food came out in timely but not fascist pace. Just right. Anyone who doesn't appreciate this restaurant should just go somewhere loud. Please.
This is not a good restaurant.  It's a very good restaurant!  And, maybe will be the next great restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I had dinner here this past week on a Wednesday and had been planning on stopping by for a while.  It is located on Baum Blvd., where Baum Vivant used to be.  And, I can tell you the guys who opened this place up did a stellar job.  I had a reservation for 630 PM, but certainly could have dined without one on a weekday, however they say they're booking a month in advance for weekends.  The space itself is gorgeous and intimate.  You enter the front door and there is a nice wine bar to your left and a few leather chairs and couches for lounging across from the bar.  They also have a few tables on this first floor, but the main dining area is upstairs which I didn't enter.  It is warmly lit and the bar is very nice with a great display of wine bottles.  One of the owners Paul used to be the wine director for eleven and I think the chef is also a big burrito alum'.  We never made it from the bar to our tables because we were enjoying speaking with others seated and the bartender, Aaron.  The crowd is a mix of a few elderly gentry most likely from the big old houses around squirrel hill and shadyside.  There are also some twentysomethings in jeans with a hipster look to them and of course the early thirtysomething yuppies (and I mean yuppy in the most unflattering sense) like me.  We started with an assortment of appetizers.  The most expensive apps' option were the beets, yes beets.  They were delicious, oh yeah did I mention he serves them with large shavings of $3,000 / lb black truffles, divine!  Also, had a perfectly seared scallop on top of grits.  Now, I thought I had grits before, but it is clear after tasting this I've never had real grits, just the cream of wheat type.  These were delicious, savory with a hint of cheese and brown butter.  It was really good.  Also, tried the short rib with white beans.  The beans were a little undercooked for me, but that's just my preferance.  The dish was a hit overall and reminded me of a french cassoulet.  The serving sizes overall by Pittsburgh standards would be considered a tad small, but I think they work well for the price.  I tried a mushroom puree, which had great flavor, a hint of nutmeg and creme fraiche.  The flavor was great, but I would have preferred that the soup be strained one more time before serving.  It was a little too grainy for me.  Finally, I had the chicken for dinner.  This was amazing!  Instead of just a flavorless breast of chicken, he served this with some of the dark meat parts and then made a chicken confitt with part of the serving, chopping the meat into small tender pieces, sauteeing in its own fat and then putting back and wrapping the skin around.  It was really good.  The garlic mashed potatoes were as good as I've ever had also.  My friend had the flounder which I tasted and it was also quite good.  The entree costs were only $16 each.  I also found the wine to be very reasonably priced with bottles only at a 2-3 multiple, not the 4-5 you usually see.  They serve each glass with a very healthy pour and each glass gets its own decanter.  They also bake a fresh rosemary bread in house, which is good served with perfectly delicious room temperature regular butter.  I'm kind of getting sick of the flavored butters at all these restaurants.  These guys get the details.  The silverware is unique and gorgeous (Paul said it cost them $4,000 for the set).  The bathroom is nice and has real towels, which I like.  I didn't try the desserts, but I'm sure they're good.  Check this place out, it's a winner.  They deserve your business and have reasonable prices, good staff, and great food.  One last thing.. Starting on Tuesday's they have a 4 course special for $35.
My steak was a perfect medium rare, and service was good.  I wouldn't say in the same class as a Ruth's Cris or Mortons, but still very good.  Costco does have Fleming's giftcards for purchase at 20% off.
I like this one more than the one on Washington, because the service is much better but Im still not a big fan.

Not sure why....sorry.
wow, this hole in the wall is quite deceiving!  I have never actually sat down at Shays but I get take out from them all the time since I work in the area.  Extremely reasonable prices for lunch and someday I will sit down for a paulaner there!
I used to heart Teresa's.  There's often a crowd, yes, but waiting at the bar can be fun given the friendly and chatty clientele.  It can be expensive if you go on Mondays for the tasting menu, but tasting menus are often pricey and, considering how many wines and pizzas there are to taste, it's not actaully a bad deal.  As others have noted, the food tends to be very good.

Last night, Teresa's broke my heart.  After a late happy hour at Triumph, two friends and I headed out to find food.    Only one of our group hadn't had dinner, so we decided on Teresa's instead thinking it'd be a nice place for the dinner-seeker to find pizza and for the other two of us to get dessert and coffee.

We ordered a round of drinks.  Then, after my friend had settled on a pizza, tried to put in our order.  When I asked for tiramisu and coffee, the waitress balked, then rudely informed us that they do not serve "just dessert."  (Even after 9:30 pm.  On a Wednesday.  With most tables in the place empty.)

We should've just left at that point, but my friend was so hungry that we stayed.  The waitress apparently decided she could "let us get away with just dessert, just this one time."

I was a little baffled.  It was definitely not the case that we were taking up a table while others were waiting - no one came into the restaurant after we did.  And despite ordering "just dessert", the two of us not having dinner managed to drop $60.  Seemed like a win-win to me: My friend got some company while he ate, and the restaurant made money on relatively easy-to-serve items (drinks and dessert).

My friend said his pizza was "OK", but did not seem particularly impressed.  The tiramisu I got was sub sub par - more like flan than tiramisu - and I dont think it was just the bad taste in my mouth from the service.
I have eaten at Fleming's all over the country and I must say, I was really really impressed with this one!  We went in for happy hour where they have the 5,6,7.  If you don't know about the 5,6,7 - you must!  It's 5 cocktails, wines and appetizers for $6 til 7 o'clock.  You can't beat that!  

We ordered the calamari and burger.  The calamari was hands down the best at any Fleming's I've been to and the burger was cooked to perfection.  Their wedge salad is the best around in my opinion.  The salad is served on a chilled plate along with a chilled fork!  The blue cheese dressing is seriously the best I've ever had in a restaurant.  

My only complaint about this Fleming's was the service at the bar.  The bartender was awful.  It took him a long time to acknowledge us (there were five of us) even though he wasn't busy with other customers.  He spent the whole time talking to his co-worker instead of engaging his customers at the bar.  The man next to me was by himself and was in town from Miami.  The bartender made no effort to talk to the guy.  And there were 2 women at the end of the bar and he pretty much paid no attention to them either.  Call me crazy but as a bartender, you are supposed to make your patrons feel comfortable.  He did the exact opposite.
Great! Although one time the berry pizza that I got was fuzzy.. but they don't even offer that anymore
I am conflicted about this review because there were some really awesome things but also one really not so awesome thing about this restaurant.

First, the awesome things: I called at around 5pm to make a reservation and they had an opening at 6pm.  Although it sounded really busy in the background, the person on the telephone was very nice and sweet.  She even asked if we were celebrating a special occasion, which we were.  We got to the restaurant and the woman who had taken our reservation recognized us and the welcoming staff was very... well, welcoming!  We were seated and introduced to our server... 

And, now, the not so awesome thing: Our server.  I would dare to say she was kind of cold and abrupt.  I think she visited us in the span of our 2-hour dinner, maybe... 4 times?  Approximately 30 minutes between seeing your server is kind of a long time, in my opinion.  Not once did she come by to just see how we were doing or ask if we needed anything.  Not only that, but whenever we could flag her down (which was maybe once because she was never close enough to make eye contact, although we saw her standing around a lot on the other side of the restaurant), she would cut us off before we could finish talking.  For example: "Could we have some hot water?"... and then she would be walking away before I could finish "... and another Diet Coke?"  Then she came back with an ice water.  Maybe if she could take a second to just stand there instead of walking by, she would have heard me.  I don't mean to be critical of her as a person, but as a server, she left much to be desired.  

But back to the awesome things: Because our server was MIA, the rest of the staff seemed to step up their game.  Another person brought us our bread, another person brought us our drinks, another person brought us our food, and yet another person brought us water... without even being asked!  The food was delicious.  My husband really liked his steak.  The half and half (onion rings and fries) were delicious.  Because we were celebrating something special, they ended our night with a complimentary cake... I could have eaten that cake instead of dinner it was so good.

Our predicament came when paying the bill.  Although we felt the staff, as a whole, was great... and the food was great and the experience great with the exception of our server, we weren't sure if our tip should reflect our server or the restaurant as a whole.  We weren't sure if the tip would be spread to the staff so we left a decent tip, but if I were told that the server got the entire tip, I would have left nothing. She did the minimal work she could possibly do so the tip would have reflected that.
There's nothing quite like an afternoon or evening at Shay's.  In the summer, you can sit outside, drink yourself stupid, and chainsmoke until you wanna puke.  In the winter, Shay's has a comfortable, homey ambiance filled with the scents of their fantastic burgers and hand-cut fries.

Shay's is great for first dates, get togethers with small groups of friends, and solitary glasses of beer and wine post-work over a copy of The Weekly Dig.

Like I said, the food is fantastic and reasonably priced.  The service is stellar, quick, and friendly.  The clientele is likely to chat you up or, better yet, completely ignore you as your vision blurs and your speech skills deteriorate into a mindless, boozy haze.

I highly recommend becoming a regular at Shay's, and clearly, I really like getting shitfaced on Wednesday afternoons.
An unassuming booger of a wine bar near USC with a wall chalkboard full of wines.  Tapas are hit or miss depending on your taste.  Ambiance is claustrophobic or quaint/cozy depending on how big you are and how crowded the place is.  I'd go back for an intimate dinner to spill secrets with a close friend or a date with good conversational skills.  

1. Hangar steak was pre-sliced and satisfactory. 
2. Eggplant pizza was a tiny thin crust that got cold super fast so was not as yummy as I hoped.  I'd try other toppings.
3. Briggante cheese with apples hit the spot.
4. Open faced bacaro burger was overwhelming in appearance and flavor in a good way.
This gem is located really close to the USC campus and we went out to dinner there on a Wednesday night and still ran into a few of our classmates. It's cozy and cute (a little too cozy, the chairs are more like benches and you're back-to-back with other dining patrons which I did not mind but it bothered my taller and larger date). 

The small plates looked delicious and we ordered quite a bit - the menu was very foodie-like and we were both drooling over the many possibilities.
We started out with a small plate of dates and tomato and garlic bruschetta. These were yummy appetizers. For more of our meal, we ordered a bacon and brie pizza (yum!) and each had our own panini (mine, blackforest ham, basil, and goat cheese, his, roast beef and cheddar) since we were hungry and heard the plate sizes were small - but the paninis were a good size.

Overall, great place with a lot of options, on the pricey side for what it is. 
My regrets were not trying the wine or beer selections since it seems like the place to go for a nice brew with your appetizers, and like I said the seating situation could have been better. But overall, I was impressed with this little hole in the wall and its unique atmosphere that I was not expecting so close to campus.
Great food, great service, great ambiance, and big portions!  We had the lobster tempura (huge portion-better for four people).  We had a ribeye and a filet.  I liked the ribeye better because of the marbling and my wife like the filet better because it was learner.  The mashed potatoes with parmesan were excellent.  The creamed spinach was also a good match with the steaks.  Order the lava cake for dessert and you'll be set.  Be sure to order it during the dinner because it takes a while.  All of the food was very rich and creamy.  Lactose intolerant customers beware!  The service was impeccable and besides a little awkward country music the ambiance was the perfect setting for quiet night out with an attentive staff.  We brought home about half of what we ordered minus the dessert.  This is a good thing considering our bill was around $200 after tax and tip.  The place is dressy although I did notice some people in trendy t-shirts and Jerry Rice came in dressed fairly casual.   With my budget this is a special occasion kind of place although the bar does have a more reasonable happy hour and they have a Sunday special as well.
I lovelovelove this place. It's definitely  the perfect grad student bar - a great place to sit with a friend or two, some beers and a burger, and talk about how much you despise your thesis. Good mix of people, the waiters are friendly enough, and the beer selection is the bomb. I suggest getting the alcoholic cider on cold nights.

A few people complained about the burger, but I think it's one of the best things here - I've always found it to be juicy and delicious. The fries are good too - fresh-cut and crispy. This place is a good respite from the more corporate feeling "pubs" like Tommy Doyle's and so on.
One of my friends who lives in the area first discovered this place over summer and took me with her a week later. Since then I'd say we frequent this spot at least a couple times a month.  Everything about this place is awesome from the food to the ambiance. The decor kind of reminds me of the type of wine bar you would find in New York, but they one up the typical wine bar with a great beer selection as well. 

By now I'd say I've pretty much sampled everything on the menu, but here are some of the favorites:

- "Noa's" cauliflower - you've never had cauliflower like this before, so much flavor it's almost overwhelming
- The Bacaro Burger - open-faced and decadent
- Burrata di Stefano - simply amazing, a staple every time we go
- Bruschette - the tomato and the Tuscan white bean..mmmm

And you can't go wrong with any of the pizzas, paninis, or various other little snacks. (and the cheese selection, good lord the cheese selection)

My only complaints are things that can also be seen as a plus, depending on the situation. The tables and seats are tiny, which makes for a great intimate or date setting but sucks when you go to happy hour (which is awesome here) with a few friends and are restrained by the lack of table surface area. Also the size of the place makes it kind of a hassle to get a table depending on the time you go, but once you do have a table you appreciate the small cozy feel and fast service.

They also have a great selection of music, not that the volume inside is ever low enough to enjoy it, but the attention to detail is much appreciated. All in all, a really chill place that hasn't been overtaken by the masses yet. I think I may have just talked myself into going there tonight.
I wondered whether I really belonged here.  After all, I hadn't leveraged any buyouts or rigged any energy markets before setting foot in the place.  The atmosphere (leather-bound wine lists, lots of fuss over the service) was a turn-off for me.  On the other hand, everything that I ordered was perfect.  For the record, I had the Sunday prime rib special with a caesar salad, a baked potato and a couple of local draft beers.
Pretty good, but not super-great, especially given the prices.

Alexander's is definitely a notch above, and about the same
price.
Pros: This place is all about small bites, which is great cause you get to try different things on the menu for a fairly cheap price ($7/dish or $19/3 dishes).

Cons: I'm still on the fence about how they decided to price everything though. For instance, you can pay $7 for their Bacaro Burger or $7 for Prosciutto di Parma, which is just sweet butter on a baguette...that's a pretty big difference in product for it to be the same pricing.. 

Burrato di Stefano: This was my favorite cause it was simple. Good quality burrato drizzled with olive oil, sea salt and pepper and served over sour dough toast. Bread and cheese? Yeah, I can eat this all day. 

Panini w/pesto and mushrooms: A little salty for my liking but, that could have been the pesto.

Garlic Pizza: I like that they have actual garlic cloves on this pizza. It was second best for me only cause it was a little bland.

3 dishes were enough for my friend and I. We weren't stuffed but, we left satisfied. I would probably come back again for another casual night...You're probably also wondering why I didn't get the burger since I made a fuss about it huh? My friend's a vegetarian!
Hardest to decide between 3 and 4 star.  I have been to this place several times there were good times and there were bad times.  I would say their pastas were a bit overrated, but their pizzas were consistently good.  Definitely 3.5 stars, but it was a little short to be 4 stars.
Besides the group of rowdy baby boomers in the corner, I had a lovely time at the wine room. It's a nice, ambient space, and they have great servers, and, of course, top-notch wines, beers, and cheese (try Rupert if they still have it!). The charcuterie plate is amazing!
This is your typical pricey restaurant with very few menu items. This is the kind of place where you take someone you want to impress, and only afterwards (and to their friends) will they comment about how expensive the food was, even for what you get. The wine list is good, as is the presentation, but I found it a little pretentious for what they offered. Good atmosphere and a nice outdoor patio.
I love Fleming's.  It never disappoints whether for happy hour (which I am obviously a fan of) or a romantic dinner with your main squeeze.  I come here often with my girlfriends or my boyfriend.  They have an AMAZING happy hour menu.  Everything is so good.  The burger is a steal at $6 and you can get creative with your cheese (my favorite is the bleu cheese).  I only eat like 2 hamburgers a year, and they end up always being from Fleming's.  It even comes with 2 huge onion rings.  I also really love the mushroom ravioli and the calamari.  The calamari plate is gigantic and the sauce is the perfect combo of tangy and sweet.  

I usually get wine here, but they also have a few cocktails on happy hour.  I like that they always have a 99 calorie cocktail for those of us "watching our figures", but I have noticed in general that their cocktails are very weak during happy hour (for a great strong happy hour cocktail you can't beat Donovan's down the street).  Go with the great wine selection or the few beers they have on special.  

All in all great place for relaxing in the sun with friends or for a romantic dinner date.
Oh, Shay's.  You delicious dive bar.  Shay's usually isn't crowded, except on particularly gorgeous nights out on the patio.  Otherwise, there are a handful of patrons sipping on beer or wine.  I can't really find fault with the place;  the only thing that comes close is the bar's subterranean location.  There are pipes that stick out from the ceiling, causing anyone taller than 6'4" to duck occasionally.  That's fairly annoying.

Prices are reasonable, bartenders are helpful, and the crowd isn't too collegey/vomity.  Gotta love it.
Recently, we dined here for a birthday party.  Teresa Cafe doesn't take reservations, so we simply called ahead and put our name down on the waitlist. We were told that if we arrived at 8:45, there might be an hour wait - however they informed me that they had a bar.  We arrived at 8:45 on the dot. We were originally also told that because their space is small, they generally don't accommodate parties of more than 8 (we were a party of 9) so based on the amount of space available, we might have to sit at different tables.  I've dined at a lot of small places before, but I've never been told that they wouldn't be able to seat our full party together.  Additionally, when we arrived, the bar turned out to be a tiny space that practically spills out onto other tables, so the thought of us waiting there was silly.  Thankfully, because the weather wasn't so bad, and there was some space out on the side walk, we hung out there.  Not the worst, but really, waiting at the bar with a drink would have been ideal.  Additionally, there was PLENTY of space available so thankfully they were able to seat us all at one table.  When we finally sat down, there was bread and delicious olive oil, and a RUDE waiter! He was really brusque, and not the kindest of souls. I get that we were a difficult party of 9, but we were a party of 9! Some more understanding would have been better service. Additionally, warning, if you bring a cake or cupcakes for a party - there is a cake fee of $1 per person.  Back to the food - the food ended up being great, as was the bottles of wine we ordered.  We got the caprese salad like appetizer (tomato, mozzarella, and basil - sprinkled with some spicy olives, and the olive tapenade - which was DELICIOUS.  There were a variety of dishes ordered at the table from linguine with clams, to the sausage pasta (which many tried and enthusiastically proclaimed was delicious), and I split the garganelli (egg pasta) with mushrooms, arugula, and truffle butter.  IT WAS AMAZING.  Overall, the food saved this place. I'm excited to go back and try a few other things. One day. It was delicious. 

Moral of the story: good food, weird service, weird space usage. But worth the wait!
Tonight was our first night at Bacaro- and the food was AMAZING! Our server Rose was an absolute delight and had so much knowledge of wine, all of her suggestions were incredible!!! We will definitely be coming back! The tapas and wine list is beyond words amazing!
While I was in Ann Arbor last month, an old friend of mine and I stopped by Vinology to have a "catch up" dinner.  Knowing that most wine and tapas bars are more about serving great wine and food that is an afterthought; I was really surprised (especially since I am a wine lightweight) with the balance of what came off of the rack and what came out of the kitchen.   We had half orders of the porcini dusted scallops, the waygu steak and the tiger shrimp (and something else that escapes my memory at the moment) - all of which were really great and really big for tapas.  I cannot remember what kind of wine I had, but that was really good too.  The restaurant itself was really big compared to what it looked like from the outside (and on its website) and it had a cool warm wood and brick thing going on.  All in all, it was an ideal place to kick back for a few hours and hear the latest updates over some good eats and drinks.
wow. wow. wow. 

One of those places you DON'T want other people to find. True gem in 'de la ghetto'. Chef is superb, food is delicious,reat selection of wines. Quaint and tasteful. SHHHH.... don't tell anyone about this place!
One of my go to places for Happy Hour- great selection of HH food, attentive service, nice location.
After my previous negative review, I was invited back by the Operating Partner.  It spoke volumes that rather than simply disregarding or disparaging criticisms, he warmly listened to what I had to say an sought to improve his restaurant.

Upon second review, Flemings was MUCH better.  The service was phenomenal and the bread was so hot I burned my hands!  (I'm a huge sucker for warm bread.)  The wedge salad was ... eh, what you would expect from a wedge.  I ordered the petite filet and my gf had a filet/lobster combo.  Both were fantastic (esp. the lobster. WoWWWW), though my medium-rare was quite a bit more "rare" at certain sections.  The turtle cake dessert was pretty good, and the amazing whipped cream made it VERY good.  Overall, a much better dining experience and again, I am very impressed by their customer service.

We shall return with my gf's family soon and I'll order "medium" this time, expecting it to be a bit undercooked.  Hopefully that will equate perfection!
I came as part of a corporate event and our menu was shortened to accommodate a group of 30.  Everyone seemed to like all of the options that were served, and I didn't hear any complaints or see any food sent back.
Their happy hour menu is awesome.  They have like 6 appetizers, their Prime burger, and several drinks for $6 between 5-7 pm everyday.  The burger was top-notch.  Just everything I hoped for a steak-house burger to be.  Cooked perfectly medium rare with a lot of flavor.  It was very soft and juicy.  The bun was also soft and buttery.  It came with this sauce that I think was chipotle mayo and 2 onion rings.  Mmmm-mmmm.   The other appetizers, beef carpaccio and BBQ shrimp were also very good and the calamari I saw someone else get looked great.  The best part was all that delicious food cost only $18.  Also, some older guy came in and sat next to us at the bar and he ordered a cabernet, a pellegrino and the rib-eye... and he went to TOWN on that rib-eye.  I couldn't stop watching him, it looked so good.  Then he ordered an espresso.  Fantastic!
I've been here a dozen times for lunch or a casual dinner, and have always loved it. Slight Houston's or Bandera's feel, with consistent food and good service.
Super friendly staff and great food.  Lively and fun atmosphere.
Never again.
Absolutely awful. The food was horrible. The service was worse. The price was high. The place is over. Overcooked meal. Pretty pathetic when a steak house can't cook a steak. We won't be back.

We've lived here for years. We've been to this restaurant many times. 2 years ago we celebrated my wife's 49th birthday. We actually chose to come back here after a very positive experience at Donovan's. Why? We can't figure it out. It's been getting worse for years. We've finally given up.

We made a reservation for 7. We were seated 50 minutes late. The restaurant was not full. Not even close. They forgot us in the bar. Must have been hard for the 3 hostesses to keep a half full restaurant under control.

They finally seat us - you'd think at that point they'd be a little more attentive. 15 minutes later, we finally got menus.

We ordered ceasar salad, steak and baked potato. Easy for a STEAK house huh - wrong. We ordered medium rare - the perfect way to order a good steak. They bring something that looks like osso bucco and tastes like shoe leather. We send it back and they tell us it was the lighting. It didn't look red in the middle to us because we were on the patio. Never mind that it tasted like it had been baking for hours.

So then the idiot manager comes over and asks if we wanted them to make us new steaks. What did he think?

By the time they finally fed us (second steaks were fine -- gee - lighting didn't affect those steaks the same way) it was 2 hours and 45 minutes after our reservation. 

Needless to say we are NOT going back. We highly recommend that you do not go there.
This place serves it up with elegance, and tries to be an accommodating fine dining restaurant. I have ventured here on several occasions for dinner and for the happy hour treats.  The dcor here is very nice, and parking is done through a valet service. It is a great place to take coworkers or perhaps the boss, for an attempt at an impressive meal. Many Westwood locals also venture out of their offices for lunch here as well.

The happy hour gets packed! Arrive prior to five and you should get a seat. Come any later to Napa for happy hour, and expect the worst. Don't expect a seat, or expect to wait around till someone leaves around 8pm. It is not fun to sit around, and should compel you to venture across the street to Palominos. If anything, you'll feel like an urban hunter amid fine dining happy hours. Expect the food to be good, along with the dcor. However, there are too many factors weighing against you (as a happy hour patron) if you:

1. Can't get there before 5pm 
2. Drive 
3. Are in a large group

On one occasional dinner, I did try the 8oz. steak. I found it to be a very simple dish with the basic meat and vegetables. However, the steak was not outstanding. While relatively evenly cooked at medium-well, the steak was neither soft nor juicy. It was not worth the fine dining price. 

I don't believe I will be coming back anytime soon, unless it is for the happy hour. I will however, opt out for other places nearby in Santa Monica or at Palominos across the street.
Yum.

The menu can be overwhelming.  Entree?  Mouth-watering tapas paper-menu check list?  Northern, southern, or self-selected board?  You know what: take your time, enjoy whatever you select and change your mind as your meal unfolds.  Well, at least that is what we did.

Our server, Adam, deserved 5+ stars.  Fine dining attention to detail, knowledgeable to the nuances of the menu, and a wonderful personality.  He truly made our meal spectacular.

Not to say the food wasn't phenomenal as well.  It was.  Narragansett-caught oysters and grilled pizza to start.  I had the pasta with mushroom, and truffle infused egg: to die for.  It seemed impossible for a meal to be both so light and so rich!  I can't remember everything the rest of our 5 dining companions had: but we shared, and it was delicious.

The ambiance is nice, brightly lit and somewhat minimalistic.  This can be nice, but also can make a busy night quite loud and difficult to carry on conversation with your table.   But the food and service: definitely out of this world.
I split 2 entrees with my husband.  We had a chopped salad (dinner size) and the turkey pappardelle entree. Both were wonderful! 
The environment is very open with an American/Napa decor, if you know what I mean.
Thumbs up!  

I vouch for the sliders.
Had lunch there today.  Sweet corn chowder to start, pretty good. Short rib sandwich with sweet potato fries heavy but tasty. Over all a good meal.
Great ambiance. Top notch food. Love the lamb chops here and the spicy calamari. 

Nice place to have some dinner and watch the game at the bar along with a date in the restaurant. Service is always good. Definitely cant complaint with a solid place like this. 

Also large selection of wines either by the bottle or by the glass.
Our reservation was originally scheduled at 830, though we werent seated until nearly 930. i was an out-of-towner, and felt no need to sugar coat how i felt about being made to wait on a leather couch for an hour after 2 glasses of Piscoe. 

when we were seated, our wait staff and the host profusely appologized for the wait. they were very attentive thereafter, and comped our first few rounds (but i think it was because i pushed my boobs up mentioned that they should)

the food presentation was excellent and the taste was slightly above average. the shrimp and grits were subpar. the Frog was more fishy than i think was acceptable, and covered in fava beans. although we ordered no salads, we were comped one of every one on the menu. the duck was excellent. as a main course, i ordered the suckling pig. the meat was tendor, and well executed, though i thought it looked more like mousakka. i was really happy with the presentation.. i thought for sure i was going to be seeing a little Wilber or Babe on my plate after witnessing what the frog legs looked like.. 

Dessert was great, im a big softy for creme brulee, and they had their own version of tapioca creme brulee. French press to cap off the night after all my free Piscoes was excellent. 

All in all, if we hadnt been comped so much, i think our tab would have been close to 4 or 500 for the 3 of us.. our bill ran about $160.. so i was content.
Went there for pre-holiday lunch. Ordered the Mozzarella di Bufala (soft and cold mozzarella on warm and crunch schiacciata), Penne Pecorino (a little too salty), and Conchiglie Balsamico (asked spicy sausage instead of the chicken. Went well with the sweet, balsamic, and creamy sauce). Finished off with coffee and tiramisu. The service is attentive and the crowd is big. People were waiting to be seated around 1pm.
The only thing I can expand from Audra Rs review are the sweet potato fries.  Those were pretty damn tasty.

However, $18 for an ahi salad that was disgusting until I added the garlic olive oil on top and then another $16 for  a half of a grilled cheese, sweet potato fries and soup is absurd.  

Pass on this place unless you are a wealthy business person who has money to spend and clients to burn and torture
Overall I really enjoyed Vinology.  Lots of great wines and the staff seems knowledgeable about making recommendations.  The tappas were also very good.  The only downside was the hour wait, I would strong suggest making a reservation.
Favorite place i went to during my visit to NC.  Food is excellent and service is superb.  Came with my friend and ordered several small plates and a bellini which was exquisite.  We started off with the fried green tomatoes, OMG!!! then we also had the heirloom tomatoes, the scallops and the risotto it was all amazing,. would love to go back to carrboro just to come eat here again.
We had dinner here  last night and it was perfect. Great service, amazing food! Try the crustini!
Great pizza, tapas and service!
They have a great happy hour menu. Their drinks, like the white peach sangria and the watermelon margarita, are delicious and unique. Every third Thursday they do a wine tasting. I haven't tried anything from the full menu yet, but i'm looking forward to it.
I came by this place after a long day on campus in the rain. It was quite busy at 6pm, due to happy hour and the local businesses. This place is upscale but not pretentious. I wasn't that nicely dressed but was still treated very respectfully and professionally. 
The service was great, even though they had other, larger tables to take care of. Water refilled often and the wait staff attentive.
My meal was amazing. I had a side portion of the butternut squash torteloni with spaghetti squash. It was perfectly seasoned, and had crispy  fried sage on top. Despite my aversion to dairy they had just the right amount of butter in the sauce. It was decadently sumptuous.
My side of garlic roasted potatoes was also delish, flavorful and crispy.
Definitely check this place out if you want great, upscale food for slightly less than usual for LA.
I still like them but they replaced their estancia grass-fed beef on the burger with "all angus beef"...whatever that means. WHY?? support grass-fed! let's all petition....

side note: the rest of the menu is still great. and they got a lot more beer! cheers to that
My wife and I took my mother-in-law here for a nice dinner, we left underwhelmed and kind of confused. 

The hostess was a little ditzy, confused. Our waitress was actually weird, dont know how else to describe her but she was freaking weird, her facial expressions and mannerisms were just strange. Anyways, we get our food which was the lobster bisque and steak/ risotto mix. The soup tasted like old dishwater and the steak was cold. The only thing going for it was the risotto was actually really good. 

Bottom line: Go to Trulucks instead.
RUDE RUDE RUDE Shays, you suck. Any place that has the nerve to be mean to someone on their birthday deserves 1 star...

And I do have to say that I am pretty shocked to see that this place as a 4 star average review...BUT for my experience, there is no way I would ever have given it more than 1 star.

We walk in and they have a small front patio which is nice for the harvard square area, and we sit down, and it is my 25th bday so of course I am a little birthday tipsy and i was loudly talking about how it was my birthday and how happy i was and joked about seeing if i could get a free drink with my friends...WHEN the meanest rudest waitress of all time bursts in and pops my happiness bubble  with the sharpest of needles when she says, "Honey, at Shays you get NOTHING for free on birthday. We simply don't care" And then she whipped her pony tail back around as she walked into the bar.

RUDE RUDE RUDE! Bars should be excited for people to come there on their birthdays because that usually means a higher bill! And then after this! Our meanie pants waitress brought me flat cider!! FLAT! Flatter than apple juice and I don't even know how that is possible. And when I asked her to take it back to exchange it for a beer, she rolled her eyes! Even if it wasn't my birthday, no one deserves a flat hard cider.  And there are even other reviews on here that say they got flat beers!! Any real bar shouldn't be serving flat beverages, so maybe Shay needs some new servers and new management...

Ughhhhh it makes me mad I wasted 40 minutes of my birthday at this place and money on a drink that should have been free for my birthday....
I love this place! Above all else, it has great food. I especially love the artichoke salad... mmm yummy and healthy. It gets me excited just thinking about it! It's also a beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere. 

Best of all, there is a happy hour from 3pm-7pm and 9pm-12am. The happy hour food is fresh, affordable, and oh so tasty! Make sure you get there early because the bar tables fill up fast.
It's about time!  I've loved eating at the Harvest in Glen Mills for years now, but always hated the long drive out of the city, I was so excited to hear they were opening up in the city.

I've eaten here twice now, once at a booth downstairs, and once at the bar upstairs.  The menu is the same delicious and eclectic samplings you'd expect to find at the sister location, with many 500 calorie or less options.  The flat bread continues to be my favorite.   This is a great lunch spot as you don't have to feel guilty about ordering a high-calorie meal when having a business meeting, you can still easily eat healthy.

I only sampled one of the special drinks on the menu, the Gin and blood orange one' a very nice balance of flavors.  Looking forward to trying other drinks on my next visit.

The decor is very casual but upscale.  I felt comfortable wearing nice jeans and a button down, a nice change from many of the newer places opening up in the city where you tend to feel under dressed if you don't have a suit jacket on.  I didn't get a chance to sit outside on the patio with the fountain, but I imagine it would be a great place to be sat on a date in the summer.

Overall, I was very impressed that they somehow captured the magic from Glenn Mills and recreate what I fell in love with years ago.  Farm fresh food, low calorie options and an abundance of flavor through a eclectic menu.
Couldn't ask for anything more.  
The menu isn't that large, but they cover all the bases.
The Scallops were unbelievable.  Hangar steak also very good.
The beet salad... more please.
We also got the burrata and baguette, and the prosciutto de parma.  
Everything just  hit the spot.

The wine list is also small, but again, hits everything you could be looking for (in my book).  We didn't have any beer but the varieties they offered seemed to have something for everybody.
1/2 price wine by the glass Monday nights, reasonable prices to begin with, plus friendly and down to earth owners.

Doesn't get any better than that.

**Also - appreciated their tip on the chalkboard wall -- seating is TIGHT, so best opportunities for getting a table are at 5:30 & 8pm.
Wouldn't try to bring a large group (more than 6) there.
Always a great place to visit.  Service is excellent, food is delicious
My reivew is purely based on Happy Hour.. And I may be biased because I am so in love with Truluck's Happy Hour, which is just right next door!

Nonetheless, Fleming's provides great Happy Hour deals for a steakhouse. They call it, "5 For $6 'Til 7!"
5 cocktails, 5 wines by the glass, and 5 appetizers.. each only $6 until 7pm! Oh and a large glass of Stella Artois for only $3!

A must-try is the 1/2 pound Fleming's Prime Burger! So much meat for such a good price. The bun is also very buttery -- maybe too buttery. My friends and I also tried the Carpaccio and calamari, which were both yummy.

Yet, I am still sad that there were no desserts on the Happy Hour menu. =( And the service we got that day was a bit slow to be honest, compared to other places. But with such great deals, it would be unfair to complain!

Parking validation available! See the hostess to get a stamp!
Flemings will always be near and dear to my heart.  On my first anniversary (dating) my husband took me here to celebrate.  SO now I look for any excuse to come.

So, when I heard about their new Happy Hour Special, I had to come check it out.  The deal is 5 Martinis, 5 Wines, 5 Apperitizers and their Flemings bacon cheese burger for $6 each from 5 pm until 7pm.  

We ordered a few of their martinis.  
-Apple Tini was perfect ly sour without too tart or be being overly sweet.  
-White cosmo was D LISH!!!  It was my favorite.  It is different then the standard cosmo because it is made with white cranberry juice instead.
-Classic was like a dirty marini.  It was super strong.  Too strong for my taste.  I think it needed a little more olive juice. 
-Margatini literally tastes like a margarita.  The martini glass even had a salted rim and a twist lime.
These martinis were made to order with top shelf liquer (Ketal One, Grey Goose, and Gran Centenario Anejo Tequila).  They were not water down like some places during happy hour.  They are pretty strong in my book.  After a few of these martinis I might need assistance walking out.  So after a couple of martinis, I need a chaser to help sober up.  Their wine selection was impressive too.

The appetizers were all very tasty.  We ordered the thai calamari, BBQ shrimp, and the bacon cheese burger.  The bacon cheese burger was probably the most depressing part of the evening.  It was nothing special.   My hubby said that the burgers at Chilis are better.

For a great time at a reasonable price give this place a try.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.

P.S. Come here before 5:30 or you might not have a seat.
its really not fair that i review this place bc i really havent officially 'been' but i'm starting this review in the hopes that i will have an official meal here in the near near future.

it was valentines day and we had reservations for the first seating--i think normally the set-up is different and more casual but i guess for v-day they have some pre-fixe thing going on...bc los angeles traffic is the biggest FAIL of all time (srsly v-day fell on a MONDAY, i got out of my orientation at ucla at 430 and it took ONE HOUR to get to brentwood like 2 mi away. THEN of course it took me an HOUR to get home--i srsly tried every side street and wanted to scREAM. anyways it was stressful, and no surprise we made it right at the end of the first seating...but just as the second seating was starting..

the reason this place gets 5 stars is bc the manager really was sympathetic to us and offered to let us chill at the bar in case anyone cancelled or failed (like me). the place is teeeny tiny though and there literally was not an extra space that we could have squeezed into. they still poured us some champagne and let us chill--everyone was so nice.

20 min later, the last seat was taken. we had to leave, but that champagne was so good--i believe it was an american bubbly, and bc neither my date or i can remember what it was, but want to get our own case of it we have to go again...asap. it was also kinda awesome to start the night off with a little fizzy buzz on the house ;)
I tried Flemmings with an open mind, and came away underwhelmed. Flemmings has all the ingredients to be a top steak house--high quality cuts, a great wine list, terrific local--but came up short. Overall, the quality of the food was good but not superb. My steak was well prepared, a perfectly done medium rare. But the quality of the flavor just wasn't there as compared to a true ringer of a steak house, requiring more salt than should be necessary. Likewise, sides like their signature steakhouse were good, but nothing "special." They seem to take great ingredients and assemble them competently, but the result didn't knock my socks off.

Where they really come up short is on service. Either their waitstaff is too small, or lacking in productivity. My friend at the bar couldn't get his tab in a timely fashion, and then couldn't get his payment processed in a reasonable amount of time (and yes, the credit card worked!). Likewise, our waiter forgot my potatoes, and they didn't arrive for another twenty minutes. He explained the particular dish required time because it is baked, which is reasonable, but I still wasn't thrilled. Similarly, when the steak arrived there was no one present to pour the wine. Yes, I can pour for myself, but at a restaurant of this caliber you would expent a more comprehensive level of care. Overall, while the waitstaff was nice enough, they were operating at the level I'd expect of a pub, not a high end steak house.

The meal was expensive to boot. So I'm not impressed.
I had a well-seasoned, perfectly textured veggie burger and some of their house fries. They're more like wedges, really. Yum! Despite being busy, I got plenty of water refills, which always scores points in my book.
I have been to many steakhouses in San Diego county and Fleming's is by far one of the best. Compared to  Donovon's & Ruth's Chris, I find the Ribeye Steak here better and with more flavor than the previous two I mentioned. The Filet Mignon is also excellent. The food here is definitely worth the price.  You definitely get what you pay for.

They have a great happy hour which starts at 5'oclock. I'm not too big on dessert, but in this case I'll make an exception especially when it comes to their Chocolate Mousse Lava Cake... here and at Roppongi's.
Favorite steak house!!!

Increadible food and impressive wine-list.  A good place for a business dinner or special event with friends or family.

Being a carnivore love the large slabs of dead animals.  YUMMY.  The wife is a veg and she loves the place as well.

Shares the same valet and or parking as the Melting Pot. So parking is a pain if you don't valet.
First, let me make it clear that I am a big Atlanta Hawks fan and also a top chef watcher, so there is no way I could pass this place up.  I ate here for new years.  Every course was unique and well prepared.  The GT basketball team was there eating as well.  Eli came out and had a convo with us.  I'd recommend it.
Had dinner here last night! Great, great, great! 
I am giving it 4 stars because of the food. The SERVICE was a little tiny bit above okay. Since it is a laid back environment the sever was chatty with his co-workers and didn't really stay on top of checking in with us or giving us the check- so much so to wear my husband went up to the counter to give our check and pay. So that is the minus in this review. However I can try and over look that. The food was great and I want to go back to try other things! The crostini's are wonderful and the scallops had the best taste!!!! I can't believe that it was tucked back on union so subtle. Happy hour here I come!!!
love this place! realllly good food! i mean incredibly good! i love the bacaro burger! i usually come here with my some friends as their third wheel. not always but most of the time i am the third wheel but for bacaro thats a very small price to pay lol
As a disclaimer to this review I should make clear that I'm not a connoisseur of fine dining, so perhaps I was being wowed by splendor I'm unaccustomed to.  I might feel different about the place if I had paid the bill, but such a place would never fit into my grad student budget.  But, I was taken there by a professor along with a group of about 15 students and professors, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Overall, the food was good but not great, while the service was outstanding.

For the appetizer, I had the shrimp and grits.  Growing up on the West Coast, I'd never tasted grits before and didn't really know what to expect, but this dish was amazing.  Creamy, rich, and full of flavor.  

For salad, I had the One Woman Farm Spinach, which was a pretty simple spinach salad.  The dressing was delicious.  I was a little puzzled by the fried egg on top (haute cuisine?  I'd love an explanation), but it was very good.  I imagine I'd feel this was overpriced had I paid for it.

My entree was fish served over carrots and other vegetables, but I've forgotten the exact name of the dish.  It was good, but very salty.

I had the ginger-orange brulee for dessert, which along with the shrimp and grits was my favorite.  It was incredible.  Like the shrimp and grits, it was rich and just exploding with flavor.  

As for the service, our waiter was excellent, and he had answers to a variety of questions.  He was also good at keeping track of who ordered what, which was a challenge because we had all the men in the group rotate around the table after each course (to make sure that conversation stayed fresh).  The restaurant was very accommodating of our needs.  We were a group of about 15, we were given a gorgeous private room that suited us perfectly.  

So, four stars for good food and great service.
I prefer to eat diagonally from this place at Palomino's for happy hour at least. I think the happy hour portion and the selection of food is better at Palomino's. Napa Valley Grille does have a unique taste from other places and the crowd is probably more suitable for ages 35 and up. 

I did enjoy sitting outside at the patio area, it was really nice and romantic if you're on a date. Winter time, they have fireplace and heaters to keep their patrons warm. Perhaps the main dinner dishes are better.
We had reservations via open table and arrived 15 minutes early, which was ok, we were greeted professionally and nicely by the hostest and sad down immediately.

Out waiter was Steven Nastrini, which we actually had a few months ago for another dining experience.  He was very professional, easy to understand, explained the specials to us and answered our questions with ease. 

As always, the food was well seasoned and came out to us at a good pace.  We were celebrating my wife's birthday and 5 months of pregnancy for our 1st one.  We had the bone-in new york steak, awesome, lobster mac n cheese, crazy awesome and the best moist carrot cake I have ever eaten.  The Mash Potatoes was pretty awesome too!!! 

If you want to save on alcohol, either drink beer for $5.95, or bring our own bottle of wine and get 6-8 glasses out of it for just a corkage fee of $20 dollars, compared to one by the glass at $10 dollars.

Very consistent level of great service.  I've been here 3-4 times this year already.  I've always had a great experience with great flavorful food, except the one time with a specific waiter that has potential to improve.

I would come back again and ask for Steven as our server.
My overall conclusion: Everything was delicious and the restaurant was beautiful. I would recommend going there if you have never been and want to eat, and pay for, really good food. HOWEVER, I probably will not go back. The dinner was great, just not incredible for the price. The menu was not one that everything looked amazing and I would need to go back to try more. There were five of us and we spent $285. For that price, I want to go try other food in LA.

More in depth:

The first thing I should mention is that my party of 5 came in without a reservation at 630 on a Saturday night and they kindly squeezed us in. 

They served us bread, olive oil and a red pepper dip with the meal. Each where exceptional. Some restaurants, even very nice ones, tend not to emphasize this detail. However, I would like to note how much I enjoyed the three types of fresh bread, the herb infused olive oil and the tasty pepper spread.

I got a flight of white wines with my dinner. Two were very good and one was so so. I am glad I tried them though.

My friend ordered the potato leek soup which was delicious and reasonably priced. If you go, definitely order that. 

I got swordfish for my main dish. It was perfectly cooked. There were two different sauces, one was a squash pure and I am not sure what the other was. Both were very tasty. There were three colors of cauliflower which gave the dish some good color. 

Three people in my group got the new york strip steak. I tried it and it was delicious. I never buy beef for myself so it is rare for me to eat prime meat. I must say it was very good.
I came here last night for the AYCE Beefsteak Sunday for $25. The place is small, cozy and cute. I love the wine bottles they have decorated on the ceiling. We started off with some wine while waiting for L & A to arrive... It's awesome that you not only get AYCE beef but AYCD red or white wine as well. If the wine was not included, I doubt this place would do as well for this event... cuz cmon, you can get AYCE korean bbq for 10-15 dollars, right?

Anyways, the meat was delicious, but the potatoes were quite salty. The bread, lets face it, is just there to fill up space in your tummy. I'd definitely recommend Bacaro esp for beefsteak Sundays. It's a great deal for those who can put FOOD and ALCOHOL away.
Fun little pub in Harvard Square. My British friends love this place, because it's laid back and reminds them of home.
Wow, what a wonderful restaurant.  The building is beautiful.  The seating is wonderfully laid out.  And the pianist is fantastic.

Now.... to the food.  I had the Papa's Penne.  Absolutely fantastic.  Everything was made to give my taste buds one of the finest meals they've ever had the pleasure of having.  Wonderful wine selection, great selection of craft beers.  All I can really say is wow.  This place definitely won me over.
Went with family that likes steak.  They said the filet mignon was good.  My review is for the nonmeat food since I do ot eat meat.  Salmon was terrible.  Flavor not great.  Caesar salad was small and bland.  For the price I expected a lot better.

Service was fair.  We had to ask for water refills  and had to check on our wine order.

As it is an expensive restaurant, I expected a lot more.  I would not go back.
Soooo disappointing.  My soup came out lukewarm so after a couple spoonfuls I was looking forward to the short-rib special that i ordered but then it turned out to be very fatty and bland.  Our waitress took a while to take our order, but the food came out at a decent pace.  However, the busboy was way too eager to clear out dishes.  The space is nice and they have several private rooms/alcove for little parties... Just wish the food was better!
Solid 3 stars...contemplating on 4 but really only a 3.5 stars. I really liked the interior of this place, especially the bar area with all the wood. 

The ambiance for the upstairs is more date-ish although I was here with Yelp friends. We decided to do the tasting menu since we went on a Tuesday (Tasting Tuesdays) but without the optional wine pairing for an additional $20. It doesn't really make financial sense to do the optional wine pairing b/c you get 4 tastes of wine and when you look at the menu there's only one taste size that is $5 - all the others range from $2.50-$3.50?!?! Let's do some simple math - 4 wine tastes should at least be $5 to make this worth it (4x5=20). So I opted to just get 2 half glasses of wine (which came under $20). 

So the tasting was a bit odd b/c it's like a grab bag of items. You don't get to choose what you want, there is not a set "tasting menu" - it's a anything that the chef/server decides to give you - you eat sorta deal and that's your tasting. 

So everyone at our table got different dishes from each other at each course (4 courses total). It would have been nice to either have received the same thing for each course so we could discuss (even if we didn't know what it would be) or if there was a set tasting menu. Bizarre! 

While I enjoyed some of the dishes I had (fried tomatoes, caesar salad with strawberries, hanger steak) I wasn't overly impressed. As you can see I only remember 3 out of the 4 dishes I had - nothing too memorable. An annoying this was before they serve you - they ask if there are any allergies and how you'd like your meat to be prepared. I explicitly said MEDIUM-WELL - since I'm not a big meat eater I prefer my meat to be cooked. Well when I got the hanger steak it was mostly red - it was tender, but it was still annoying b/c what's the point of telling them you're preferences if they're not going to do anything about it. 

The service was a bit off as they didn't really check on us and the server wasn't too great with recommendations (he had none especially when it came to the wine). But they did redeem themselves and acknowledged their negligence and gave us a free tasting of wine (but it was super-sweet wine so none of us finished it) and then they gave us a selection of free desserts. They gave us a lemon pie of some sort, rhubarb something, peanut butter ice cream sandwich and balsamic ice cream. I liked the lemon pie and the peanut butter ice cream sandwich. 

The free wine and dessert was a nice gesture on their part, but couldn't make up for the other issues.
My mom and I went here and I have to say - very impressed (especially considering they've been open a little more than a week.)

I checked out the website before going, and got a feel for the menu/concept (more to come about the concept)

We were seated in a very comfortable and spacious booth and quickly greeted by our server (I forget his name.) He was, in my opinion, as close to a perfect server as you could have. He spent 5 minutes going over the menu, explaining some of the highlights, speaking about the farms where the food is sourced from, speaking about the mostly under-500 calorie menu, and offering suggestions on what to order. He was not only extremely knowledgeable about the food, but also the beer and wine list. He completely sold my mom and I on getting our own wine flights (three, 2-oz. portions of our choice) and offered perfect recommendations on wines to try and pair with what we would order. Despite ALL of the information and time he spent speaking with us, it never felt like too much or even intrusive - my mom and I were so gracious and appreciative, I and I think our meal benefited from our server.

Now, onto the food - which was flavorful, fresh, and impeccably presented. My mom and I shared the Pear & Bleu flatbread. After our server raved about the flatbread, and even though I don't like bleu cheese.. we ordered it anyway. The combination of flavors (bleu cheese, pear, fig, arugula, and thin crisp dough) was phenomenal. With some in our stomach, and three glasses of wine in front of each of us - we were thrilled.

For my entree, I ordered the Harvest Moon Chicken, which was glazed in a cider-rosemary sauce and served with fingerling potatoes and Brussel sprouts. The portion of chicken was surprisingly generous and the presentation was pretty without being fussy. The chicken was juicy and so flavorful. My only complaint about my entree was the Brussel sprouts could have been warmer and more tender.

My mom ordered the five-spice duck, which was served with sauteed pea shoots and sweet potato mash. I tried a bite of her dish and it was also incredibly tasty. Hearty, without being heavy.

For dessert, another member of the wait staff brought out the tray of small-shot glass desserts. I chose the chocolate mousse with salted caramel sauce. Delicious, rich, intense - but again, not overly heavy.

All in all - fantastic meal with phenomenal service (so attentive and informative without ever being overbearing/obnoxious.) Very clean restaurant, kitchen (from what I could see), and restrooms. 

The Concept ... 
Upon looking at the menu and webiste online, my first thought was.... Seasons 52 - a great restaurant out in King Of Prussia. I saw from Harvest's website that they had a location in Glen Mills, PA - but no mention of Seasons 52. The entire concept is exactly the same (not sure who came first) - from the flatbread appetizers to the shot-sized desserts. The comparison wasn't a problem for me - more of a somewhat bizarre coincidence/observation. So, if you've been to Seasons 52 in KOP and thought "Wow! I wish there was something like this in the city..."  now you can dine at Harvest.
Run don't walk to this place, a San Luis Obispo gem in the heart of downtown. This place is small and quaint with food that is heart melting. :0)
I've only been here once so far, but I am sure I'll be heading back. the food was very tasty and for the most part authentic. It is a nice laid back, casual place; so if you want some decent Italian food, but not the uptight formalism you sometimes associate with nice Italian places, this is a good place to go.
This is a rating for the happy hour here. I've been to Flemings for happy hour twice already. 

For my first visit, my boyfriend and I ordered the Calamari, Angus burger, Seared Ahi Tuna. 

We took the recommendation of a fellow yelper to put to the sauce on the side for the Calamari and I'm so glad we did since the sauce can make it soggy and make the dish too sweet.  

The Angus burger is HUGE and DELICIOUS. Definitely a really good value. 

The Seared Ahi Tuna was pretty good, but something you could get somewhere else. 

Our second visit, we ordered the Carpaccio and the Angus burger again. 

The Carpaccio is SO AMAZING and the flavor is impeccable. Definitely a must-have and they give a generous amount of meat that covers the whole plate. 

Of course, the Angus burger was just as awesome as I remembered. 

If you love happy hours, definitely stop by Flemings. 

Quick tip though: COME EARLY, seats do fill up very quickly in the bar area. Definitely come by 5:30pm to get a seat, after that it becomes impossible.
4stars for HAPPY HOUR MONDAYS 5pm - 7pm  makes this place amazing 
All plates at 5 dollars and 1/2 off glasses of wine 
Get there early though, tables fill up quick during happy hour! 
Definitely get the Bacaro Burger with an egg ( +$1) , its really good  and their panninis fill you up too ( I like the mozzarella, pesto, mushroom). For wine, if your a girly girl and only loves sweet wine: get the mascato! its the best mascato I've ever had! 

Also, there is always street parking around, and if you are a USC student, i think you can take a campus cruiser there since its of a mile radius.
Great steaks, no wait, excellent service!  I'll be back.  Try the lemon gingersnap dessert, it's heavenly!
I really want to give a better review. I have had an article about them on my refrigerator, then my wall for about 7 months now. Life happens and this got way delayed but the article was on my wall for so long I had very high expectations for Bacaro. 1st they were training my server. Ugh. 2nd the timing of the food was so wrong. I asked for a wine but then asked for another one to drink alone while I would drink the one I first ordered w my meal. I didnt ask the server to take the first on but then he did. Then my food came super fast so I wanted my original wine. I was done with my food and had to walk up to ask for the first wine. I ended up drinking the wine I wanted to drink without food with food and the one with food without food. I felt so dissatisfied at this point I ordered more food hoping it would get better. It did get better but much much later. I ordered the zucchini blossoms and scallops at first. The blossoms were not their strength but the scallops were good. Then I ordered the bruschetta with tuscan white beans another bruschetta with peppers and an eggplant pizza. If I had just ordered the last two items I may have been more content. I don't know maybe my tastebuds aren't boujie enough. My total bill was $31 and I would have been super upset if I had to pay regular price for that. I feel like most of my dismay was due to the service and ordering their weaker items so I will come back for Beefsteak Sundays with my boyfriend in hopes that my expectations will be met.
Biba has a great atmosphere, which is surprising for its location. Reasonably priced for food, but maybe a little on the pricey side for wine at about $9 a glass (5oz pour). Their website doesn't have a menu, but MenuPages.com does, although it's not necessarily up-to-date. 

We went on a Tuesday night for dinner and it was not too crowded. We were seated right away, and chose to sit outside on their very nice built up wooden patio. I ordered a Sauvignon Blanc which was delicious - sadly I can't remember exactly which it was. Also tried a cask beer from sly fox, an amber which was nice and creamy. 

Food: To start we had the warm Tuscan white bean and chive spread for $4.50 - this was a very small crock of dip (similar to the size you would get a side of blue cheese in with wings) and maybe 6 pieces of thin bread crisps. The dip went a surprisingly long way (split between two people) and was very very tasty - a bit on the oily side though. We then split the smoked chicken panino sandwich (served cold) and the grilled artichoke sandwich (served warm). They were both large so it was perfect for dinner. I kept going between the two and couldn't decide which one I enjoyed more, they were both great. 

All-in-all this is a great place to go for a really good glass of wine (and you'll have to pay for the quality) to just hang out with friends and grab small bites to eat. Next time I will definitely try some cheeses...mmm.
this is by far the best restaurant I've been to in San Diego!  the interior is dimly lit and busy on Saturday nights.  it's best to make a reservation ahead.  first off,  you get a complimentary basket of bread with two spreads.  the bread was soft, warm, and fresh out of the oven.  it was so good I was trying so hard to stop eating it, since I was starting to feel full.  but thankfully, the main course arrived.  the filet mignon I ordered was melt in your mouth orgasmic way better than sex any day :) cooked to perfection.  the cut was thick and juicy, and presented delightfully on the plate.  I can't stop thinking about this place.   oh and the creamed spinach was a perfect pairing!  our waiter was good looking and charming.  he provided excellent service to match the expectations i had of the place.  I definitely will be back for the happy hour menu: 5 appetizers for $6 until 7pm.
We tried this place for a birthday dinner since we heard its great.  Let us start off by saying, service was great.  The rave was about the sweet chili calamari, and you know that if such a classic appetizer doesn't fall through then perhaps the rest of the meal will follow suit.  But when it came out, it was steaming hot, crispy, sweet and a bit spicy just the way we liked it.  Cant go to a great steakhouse without enjoying a bottle of wine, so we opted for a nice bottle of Cab that we always enjoy. 

On to the entrees.  Can you say cooked to perfection, but lacked a bit of flavor, which was kinda disappointing, but then again, it was the first time and don't want to just say it is bad, but will have to try again to see if its the same way.  We tried the rib eye bone in, and the filet mignon.  Again it was cooked perfectly, but just no real flavor, and that was a turn off.  For sides, we could not decide what to try, but at the recommendation of our waiter, we tried the famous Flemings potatoes, and sauteed mushrooms, and the chipotle mac n cheese.  By far the best side dish was the Flemings potatoes.  If you like to indulge in great flavors, this is the dish to try.  The mushrooms and mac n cheese were okay, nothing to spectacular.  Still the essence was to enjoy a birthday dinner, so we had more laughs as the wine kept coming.  

Would recommend others to give it a try.  Hopefully your steak has flavor and not only looks the part but tastes the part as well.  Will have to try again to see if it was just  a fluke that evening.
Can't tell you how many times I've walked by Shays without as much of a glance at the place. What a hidden (from me) treasure! 

Went for a couple brews on Sunday evening with some friends and I was charmed. There are a good number of seats at the bar and quite a few tables if you prefer.

The food looked good, but we were there just for drink. A decent selection of beer on tap and the barkeep was adorably friendly.

FYI: Credit card minimum is $10.
One of my better restaurant experiences in quite some time.

Dropped by for happy hour and left with a nice buzz, full stomach, and a shit-eating grin on my face. 

Yes it's gets very crowded during happy hour; you will understand why once you finally fight your way into a seat and try their food. 

Everything is fairly priced (if not a bit UNDER-priced for the quality and portion size). I was pleasantly surprised that they offered a decent selection of wine in their happy hour. While obviously not high end , it's not the usual Two-Buck Chuck wines that most happy hour menus offer.  

On to the food, everything is fan-fudging-tastic. EVERYTHING. Fleming's burger was great; well seasoned, quality meat, fresh baked bun, nice thick slice of cheddar, veggies on the side and a heaping pile of fries (or onion rings). No frozen pucks of mystery meat on stale Wonder Bread here... The clear standout was the baked brie. There are no words. Order it, eat it, shut up and just enjoy the experience. 

The servers and bartender go out of their way to treat you right. Not expecting to end up in Palo Alto that day, let alone, a nice restaurant, I was wearing my typical hobo fashion of beat up t-shirt and khakis. I stood out like a greasy sore thumb among the well to do, Zegna button up wearing, $300 haircut, dot-com millionaires. Despite this, we were treated no differently than any other customer. 

After standing with our drinks for about fifteen minutes, one of the servers offered us a huge table which was technically not part of the happy hour area. We politely declined since I was a server in a previous life, so I know offering a large dining table for two happy hour customers means screwing yourself over in tip (serving is ALL ABOUT PERCENTAGES!!). A few minutes later, two lovely ladies at the bar offered to squeeze us in next to them. The bartender was attentive throughout the meal without being overbearing. All the customers were pleasantly social, friendly, and interesting. I'm sure the free-flowing alcohol had something to do with this.

Shit, I'm rambling again. To sum up: great food, great drinks, great service, and even better company. 

Note to self: ease up on the word "great".
Torn between 4/5 stars. I've never been disappointed by them, but I've had much better. The meal overall was on the heavy side though. Nothing about the food stood out, the service was top notch, thought the wine selection could have been better.
Went there for the first time tonight and I will be back! I enjoyed every single bite. The service and ambiance were great. I didn't know until the end of my dinner  that my waiter was also one of the owners. He was very attentive and welcoming. The prices can't be beat. Good spot for a date.
Food was actually pretty decent and the portions were great. I had their apple celery soup, kale salad and their bread and garlic/olive oil dip. 

So why the low score? First, the guy (not the regular server) took away my half eaten salad, saying, "Let me take that away from you," and before I could even tell him that I wanted a box for it, he stacked trash and a dish on it. He responded, "Well, it's just the bottom of a plate, do you still want me to pack it for you?"  WTF?

Second, service was slow as heck and it's probably because we went at peak time. With that said, our actual server was very nice.
AMAZING. PHENOMENAL. Words cannot describe how I feel about the food at Bacaro LA! Although it's placed in a rather inconspicuous and somewhat "shady" area, Bacaro LA has done it's job in providing food lovers with a delicious array of tapas, wines and beers at a great price and wonderful atmosphere. Some of the highlights that I enjoyed were:

-Caprese salad (caprese-anything is goooooood)
-Burger with fried egg (MUST GET THE FRIED EGG)
-Scallops (I'm not a big scallops fan, but the corn relish sauce was to die for)
-Bacon-Brie Pizza (melts in your mouth--who can say that about pizza?!)
-Artichoke Hearts (i could've licked the sauce right off the plate)
-White pizza (see description for bacon-brie)

We also asked the server for recommendations on the white wines (my friend and I have different palates when it comesto wine--sweet vs.dry), and he recommended a perfect wine that satisfied both of our needs!

Bacaro, I will be back!
Yes it's part of a chain but nevertheless, their steaks are up there with Morton's.  I would say it's even better than Ruth Chris b/c it's not has commercialized.

You can't go wrong with their filet.  Medium rare.
If you want a great meal and are looking for recommendations, do yourself a favor....stop reading right now and go! Why are you still there! Just go!!!!!! 

Okay if you must have details, I might as well make it worth your while. (Seriously, just go!) 


Oh the joys of restaurant week! Earlier this week, my friend posted an open invite on Facebook to join him for a restaurant week adventure. Boy, am I glad I chimed in with an OOH Pick me!.....We decided to head to toast with our gaggle of friends. We were actually able to get a table for 6 :) 

Without actually discussing it, we ended up sharing everything we ordered. Two of the group ordered the tasting menu, but the rest of us ordered off the regular menu. I ordered the organic greens salad. The dressing alone was reason enough. It comes with a very light, but wonderful, blood orange vinaigrette. 

My friends who ordered the tasting menu were on to their second course and everyone started passing things around. The broccoli soup was to die for (I love broccoli soup!), and the salad was delicious. 

Now we were on to the main course.....I can honestly say I have 1) never heard 6 people simultaneously, audibly say mmmmmmmmmm, and 2) never heard this group SO quiet. I ordered the flank steak, cooked medium. The menu said root veggies and mashed potatoes. What arrived was the most beautiful composition (that included meat) I've ever seen!  The flank steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked to a perfect pink. The mashed potatoes were also delectable.  Now, here's the surprise (for anyone that knows me)....the root veggies that were included were sweet potatoes and beets. I have never liked either, but these were absolutely amazing! Sweet, tender, but crispy, and perfectly seasoned. 

Now, on to the dessert. Remember when I said I'd never heard my group that quiet? Well, that was until dessert arrived. We ran the gambit on desserts. We had the Blood Orange Hazelnut Creme Brulee, the Sugared Donuts, the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich, and the Carrot Cake Bread Pudding. We passed these around so we could all get a taste. My favorite, by a long shot, was actually my own, the Blood Orange Hazelnut Creme Brulee. It was sweet and creamy and just absolutely delicious. 

The best part of the night was all the wine. I don't know much about wine, but I know what I like. The GSM was great, the Minervois was fantastic, and we passed around several others that were all tasty. 

I was thrilled when I saw that they have ice wines on their dessert wine menu. I was told about 2 years ago that I should try ice wine, but have yet to be presented with the opportunity to do so. Tonight, I was able to try two. I ordered the Pomme deGlace. It was a great combination of tart and sweet. My friend got the Vin de Glacire Riesling with his tasting menu. It was absolute perfection...for me anyway.
We came here on a Friday night with a group of 6.  BIg mistake!!! waited about 1hr 20 mins for a table. 
Bread with garlic olive oil...AMAZING!
garlic pizza...a lil on the salty side.
Scallops...were good fresh, and the puree was delicious but there is this preserved veggies in the puree that was a bit too salty. 
Burger...was juicy and good but i was stuffed with all the other dishes i dont remember.  
Great atmosphere.  but do not come on fridays with a big group...without reservations!
Discovered this place very late one night, with a friend, when we were driving around Westwood  after a movie and were looking for sustenance, we were starving.  Nearly everything in the area was freakin' closed, and we passed it twice before deciding it was our best option.  Managed to get a spot outside to park (although they do have a parking garage and also valet service on weekends) and took our empty stomachs inside.

Not too shabby, the interior.  The inner rooms were closed, it was only the languidly chic bar and the bar menu that was still available  - they have tables to the right of the bar -  but this was perfect under the circumstances.  We had a couple of really good drinks and ordered a couple of portobello mushroom burgers.   Couldn't have been any more thrilled when we tasted them ---- delicious, gourmet-quality meat and presentation,  with a HUGE portobello slice on each, served with delectable fries and I think some sort of slaw which I loved as well.

Since then, I've been back there with many different people, at many times, for various occasions.  Brunch rocks at this joint, (great Eggs Benedict, one of my all-time favorites, used to have it at Sardis' in NYC all the time);  for lunch they're cool, but it's at dinner that they really shine.   Went here for my birthday two years in a row and couldn't have been any more delighted.   

The best thing about the place is, the menu constantly changes, it's a work in progress all the time, and what's even cooler:  the wait staff get to try all the new dishes every night, so when you ask someone who is serving you what's good, they actually KNOW.  It's like the wait staff are included in the experience, they're not merely 'workers', and this truly elevates the overall experience.  

 Of course, the downside is, don't get attached to something you have here because it most likely won't be there the next time.   So while you're there, enjoy it for all it's worth.
It was a Monday evening, and a few friends and I had planned to grab drinks at Tria. Due to unanticipated events, it soon became more convenient for us to convene in U-City, so I made the ingenious suggestion of going to Biba instead. (Despite what follows, I still think it was an ingenious suggestion.)

"Plan Biba" was like all second choices - not as good as the first. It's just sort of the neglected, lackluster stepbrother of the more lively, personable Tria. Now other than the service (which I'll get to later*), I'm not really sure that Biba is doing anything particularly wrong. Wallet-friendly prices, nice selection of wines, sophisticated atmosphere, slightly unusual (but very monopolize-able!) location. Some places, unfortunately, are just less than the sum of its parts.

Don't get me wrong; I'm definitely grateful that a place like Biba exists this side of the Schuylkill. After all, it adds a bit of dimension to the University City nightlife, which basically consists of Yuenglings at New Deck and the sandwich line at Wawa. But that pretty much sums up Biba to me - not quite what you wanted, but still glad it's an option.

*My friend and I wanted to sample a couple wines before committing to one. Is that asking too much? At a wine bar? Our server ungraciously "prefaced" us that we were overstepping their policy, but implied she'd go out of her way and make an exception for our excessive request. She also pointed out that the two wines I wanted to try were "complete opposites." (I'm sorry, did I ask for commentary?) The only thing I hate more than fake generosity, is paying someone to patronize me.
Shays, I love you.

I love you because you have a great waitstaff.

I love you because you have yummy, versatile, fast-arriving food (hummos plate, tex-mex burritos, good fresh salsa, amazing burgers)

I love you because you have a great wine and beer list (hello allagash white!)

But, I love you most of all for your interesting crowd of young peoples and your fabulous patio, where I can sit under an umbrella and smoke or not smoke, drink or eat with friends, and even if I'm smushed up next to someone, everyone is friendly and its like one happy little party under the stars....ahhh, shays.
I love NVG. I come here every time I'm in LA. We had my graduation dinner here, and it was so excellent, we had my boyfriend's graduation dinner here the following year, too! Now I mostly come by myself, sit at the bar, enjoy a glass or two and dinner at the bar. Tres chic, n'est-ce pas?

Here's why Napa Valley merits five stars:
1) Elegant and airy ambiance. Something for everyone. Sit at the bar and chat up the bartenders, or find a quiet table for two and enjoy a romantic meal, or hold a big dinner here with your big lucky group.
2) Food- I have never been lead astray. 
3) Wine/Drinks- Excellent selection, great variety.
4) Service- particularly Ashley the bartender. I've given up choosing wines- I just let her recommend one based on what I'm feeling at the moment. She's always willing to pour a taste and if it's not the wine for me, she'll try again. But she gets it right 99.9% of the time. I discovered the Cinnabar "Mercury Rising" through her, as well as the Rosenblum Viognier- both delicious wines that I've started stocking at home. Plus she is a delightful, cheery presence. 

No it's not the least expensive restaurant in the world, but you're in Westwood, so if you want cheap you have tons of other options. If you want class, deliciousness and great service, come here.
When you come here, you are not watching calorie intake, nor or you looking for cheap eats. The meat is amazingly tender and flavorful. I tried the peppercorn sauce, but I think it masked the flavor of the beef. The Flemming potatoes are amazing! A bit of a kick which is nice - sort of a scalloped potato. The mushrooms were delicious! My drink was delicious [Toulousse sidecar with gin, st. germain, and earl grey sweet tea]! The bread was delicious! Rosemary bread with sundried-tomato spread and more importantly the FETA spread!!! yummmmm! The sides were generous - we were all able to try some of each and a side easily would serve 3 people. They tell you 1 person, or 2. I think 3 is most accurate if you are ordering more than one. Asparagus was fine, not super fond of the green beans. Would love to try the Mac n Cheese.

Dessert was underwhelming for such an exquisite meal. Sorbet was plentiful. But then! We topped it with the homemade chantilly cream. Yummity yum.

Why is Flemmings getting dinged a star? There was some sort of glass catastrophe the night we went. They couldn't keep the glasses coming fast enough. Bizarre. Meanwhile we had 5 empty wine glasses on our table and would have gladly taken Diet Coke in them!
I don't know how I haven't reviewed Shay's yet. This is one of the first bars I ever went to in 'Boston'. I was visiting a friend at Harvard and was left to my own devices in Harvard Square for a day. So of course I had to try out some bars. This was the first bar in the area that I ever found that serves Anchor Steam, my favorite beer. Since then I've learned that there are places, even around here, that have it on tap while Shay's only has it in the bottle, but Shay's will always have a special place in my heart for that.
When it comes to eating out and impressing at a steak dinner, Fleming's is pretty awesome.  I've only had the privilege of coming here twice but both times were fantastic. 

The food was very good.  Our first date was at Donovan's during restaurant week a year earlier and I wasn't that impressed.  I ordered the bone-in ribeye and the gf had filet mignon.  My ribeye had lots of flavor and chewed very easily in my mouth.  The filet was even more tender (of course it's filet!) although I still preferred my ribeye since it had more flavor.  We both asked medium rare and both steaks were cooked perfectly.  We also had the Flemings Potatoes and those were just okay but really, if you come to steak place you want your steak to shine, which is what it did.  The other time we came here we went on a Sunday for their prime rib dinner and I must say it was worth every penny.  3-course prime rib meal at a nice restaurant for $35? Yes please. It was delicious too.  The prime rib was juicy and came with three different types of sauces (I love horseradish with prime rib!).  Both my gf and I couldn't finish all of our meat so it also made for fantastic lunch the next day.

The first time I came here was with my girlfriend and we were celebrating our anniversary.  I booked a reservation on opentable.com and left a little note that it was our anniversary that day.  It was nice because the hostesses and our waitress wished us a happy anniversary over and over again.  That was a nice touch.  They also gave us a free dessert!  We got an order of their Chocolate Lava Cake and it came with Chantilly Cream on the side to eat with it.  The cream complimented the decadent lava cake very well and we were both extremely satisfied with it.  On top of that, the waitress took a picture of us and had it printed out and gave it to us in a frame!  AND they gave my gf a box of truffles to take home along with a $20 (I think?) gift card.  

Long story short, they treat you very well and are extremely considerate about everything.  We loved it at Flemings and if she were still around we would probably come much more often.
A solid 4-star performance. Could have been a 5-banger, but a few procedural penalties forced me to deduct style points. 

I know it's petty, but our silverware was spotty and had solid chunks of food residue stuck to them after they went through the dishwasher. After pointing it out to the waiter, he immediately apologized and brought us some immaculate utensils and said they would look into the problem. Issue resolved, no need for alarm and I won't hold it against them.

Known for their immense wine selection, we embarked on a tour of Kiwi (that's New Zealand for you yanks) white wines. All were very tasty and reasonably priced. 3 or so bottles later, we dug into the food. 

They have a new menu as of last week, so if you haven't been lately it's time to go back to sample the new goods. I had the grilled salmon, while the others shared some scallops, soft shelled crab and goat cheese flatbread. All were delicious and everybody left more than satisfied.

The bottom line: if I'm going to spend $100+ on dinner with my wife, I would still prefer Gandy Dancer. But Vinology makes for a great alternative if/hen you get tired of the other "nice" restaurants in town.
True story: I saw a lady piss herself at Shay's.
I took a cooking class from the head chef at Mercato a few years ago and I've been very excited to see that he opened a restaurant.  Walking into Mercato feels like I've been transported to Manhattan. It's understandable that so many places in Ithaca skimp on the details but Mercato doesn't--the lighting, the finishing, the servers, all feel professional.  The food is generally competent and consistent and is more likely to err on tasty than daring.  

My last time there I ordered the sole in papillote and my girlfriend ordered duck. The delicacy of my sole was preserved and was well balanced with the lemon butter, though I personally prefer bolder preparations.  My girlfriend's duck was tender and delicate, but lacked much duck flavor. 

I'll definitely come back, but the price prevents it from being anything more regular than a treat.
Truly excellent service. Waiter was friendly and attentive. Chef came out unsolicited to apologize for our appetizer being delayed and then comped us for it.
Great food. Good wine list. Warm and comfortable ambiance.
Good food, but I wouldn't call it outstanding. Extensive wine offering. What I dig is the ambiance of the joint. The downstairs dining area is intimate and well laid out. See-through "curtains" separate each table adding a nice element of privacy without making you feel closed in. Great for a date. However, fellas beware: the bar tenders here are smokin' hot so if you do bring a date you gotta keep your eyes in check!
This really should be a 4.5 star review (they need half stars). My daughter's future parents-in-laws wanted to throw the kids an Engagement party and have our immediate families meet and also invite the kids close friends. 
We had about 50 people attend on a Saturday evening in a private room (Rutherford Room), with 3 entrees to pick from and salad and dessert. 
The evening started with cocktails and appetizers, wine and tuna tartar, bite size corn dogs on sticks, crab cakes, and bruschetta. 
(One drawback with this room, having the 5 tables set up left little room for standing except for between tables. Making it hard for the servers to get the apps around to everyone, and my daughter finally had to ask a server to make sure to get to the back with some apps for a few of us who had missed out and multiple passes.)
After an hour of drinks/apps and mingling we were asked to take a seat for dinner service. They took everyone's order efficiently and filled glassed with water and wine.
Then servers immediately brought out a light mixed green salad with a few cherry tomatoes and a large flat bread style cheese cracker, Which upon breaking up made for a crouton top. Now the salad seemed to have a light oil & vinegar, but when they brought a foccacia to the table the also brought a bowl with a thick dressing like mixture  with it. So immediately my sister (thinking it was dressing, scooped a few teaspoons on her salad and passed to the left) and on our table of 10 it made it around half way till someone actually asked the waiter if this really was for the salad. When it came to me and I looked at mixture and lifted the spoon the mixture was really chunky? Chunky with...garlic! But my salad did look a bit dry so I put two teaspoons on too (all before the waiter informed us this was garlic olive oil for dipping the foccacia in).
Oh well, made our salads delicious.

Once done with the salads we only waited maybe 15 minutes and they started bringing out all our entrees so quickly. I had ordered the Salmon with fingerling potatoes and multicolored Chard. (As this looked to be the popular vote at our table) Though my sister did order the chicken breast cooked with risotto in a creamy espresso sauce, that I got to taste and it was creamy with just a hint of the coffee for a exciting burst of flavor. But back to MY salmon, WOW.....MOIST! FLAKEY and delicate, I was really impressed that everyone got their food so quickly and it was cooked so lovely for such a large group. And paired with the fingerling's and Chard it was simply sublime!
But wait we weren't finished....
For dessert we all were served a Chocolate Brownie Cake with cooked cherries and whipped cream.....WHOA.....I couldn't eat it all, it was really rich. But oh so delicious. 
Our servers were gracious and helpful with all questions and requests, and our meal was really fabulous especially for such a large group. I'd say probably one of the best I've had for a large group in a long time. My kudos's to NVG...you outdid yourselves. I guess since I actually live near Napa I should try the one there now that I've had the pleasure of such a wonderful meal in LA.
Napa Valley Grille takes itself far to seriously. The food is nice, but nothing special (and way overpriced), the restaurant decor is merely ok (the restaurant itself is way to big. Seriously it's like the taj mahal in there) and the service can be a little spotty. But what really gets me is they act like they're a michelin starred restaurant. I wouldn't recommend going to Napa Valley Grille considering that there are other restaurants in the neighborhood that are much better. Save your cash. Just go to The Gardens On Glendon.
Recomanded by a friend for the happy hour (M-F: 5 to 7). Not disappointed at all, nice atmosphere. 

Below is what I ordered from the happy hour all $6.
- Tropical martini (Very Sweet Cocktail)
- White cosmo (Just perect for me, not too sweet)
- Stoli Bombshell (strong raspberry favor and sweet)
- Roasted mushroom ravioli (they give you 3 raviolis but it's one of the best ravioli I have tasted)
- Tenderloin carpaccio (for the price, not bad)

They also have another promotion going on called "Small Plate, Big Pours" for $24.95, you can one of the food from the list and pair with a glass of wine. So we give it a try:
- Filet mignon skewers, we pair with a pinot noir from A to Z Wineworks, Oregon. 
The filet mingon is mouth melting but just like the menu said small plate. I like the pinot, very smooth.
I love the ambiance here :-) I've had their steak (def should get medium) and the lobster (to die for!) All their sides I've tried are just delicious: Mac & cheese, grilled veggies, mashed potatoes ... I've been here with a large party, as well as for 2, both have been great experiences
Food: Extremely yummy! everything I have had was absolutely delicious. Two of the must try are the scallops and the open face burger. They also have great wine selections.

Service: Attentive. Although they were busy, they still took the time to take care of us.

Price: priced well for the food.

Other: very tiny. Not good for groups.
Happy Hour menu is FABULOUS! Perhaps it's new due to the economy?  Regardless, great quality food for $2-7? Who can beat that? 

Hours are great too with regular happy hours and a late night.  One of the better places to drink/eat (mostly drink) in Westwood after hours. Especially if you want to escape from the college scene.

Don't know too much about the regular menu. Have yet to eat there.
One of my favorite wine bars in LA. It's small but they have such an amazing menu that it's worth the wait. It gets pretty crowded during USC games so I'd try to go when things are quieter, or during the week. They know a lot about their cheeses and wines, which I respect.
Why, oh why must Bacaro be so far from my house????

I went here back in January and I told myself I would be back soon.  But I haven't.  :(  I'll have to work on that.

Anyway, we came here for a wine tasting paired with some small bites.  Both the wine and food were excellent.  The sliders and the grilled panini with caramelized onions perfectly accompanied the wine.  The best part was that they poured with a heavy hand.  No skimpy servings here.  Yes, the Vixen was quite happy.  

So yes, I will be going back soon.  "When?" you ask... well, that will be the first Sunday of the month. Yes, my friends... that is a very special day.  On the first Sunday of each month from 5:30 - 8pm, it is All You Can Eat grilled hanger steak, bread and butter, and roasted potatoes -AND- All You Can Drink red wine and beer for ONLY $25 for two hours.  Ohhh yes.  I will be returning then.  Care to join me???  Better yet, care to drive me???  ;)
This is always my "let's go somewhere special" place to eat.  I love the appetizers!  Portabello fries, brie, barbeque shrimp (the best!).  My other favorite is one of the grill specials.  It has the fillet with scallops or shrimp, order the Jalapeno scalloped potatoes and you have a perfect meal.  Also try one of their flights.  It's a great way to try a few different wines with your meal.
For a fancy place, the service was some what sub par.   I got the impression the waiter wanted a fatter bill ala fatter tip as he seemed disappointed when we didn't order sides.  That's because we weren't that hungry, capiche?  He also gave me an attitude while taking my order, so that pretty much peeved me.  On a brighter note, my ribeye bone-in was actually pretty good.  The creme brulee was also good too.  But I don't think I will come back here again because the service was lacking.
parking can be tricky.  the seats are limited - it wouldn't be the place to be for a group of more than 4, i would think.   

b.u.t. man, oh man, their burger with fried egg on top was just delish.  i'd definitely go back just for their food alone, but i also loved how intimate and relaxing the place was.  the service was great too.
Very Upscale Looking 
Place In Westwood
Bread Is only So So
I had the Short Ribs here
A Lot of flavor but a little gristly
Official Score
2 Stars for Food
.50 Stars For Atmosphere
Total Score 2.5 Stars
This place has horrible "fine dining" food.  I've been here twice in the last month, first for happy hour and second for a recruiting dinner.  My friend "swore" to me how great the happy hour was.  They had a small menu of "appetizers".  I had the salad.  The selection looks like decent prices but the portions are tiny and the salad was eh.  The drink specials aren't anything spectacular either.  I think it's still $4 and up for beer.

I then went back again (not by choice) for a recruiting dinner.  I started with the chopped salad which was eh.  Then I had the halibut.  It came with this weird crust on top which ruined the dish.  There was also way too much pepper that I soon found myself coughing and choking on it as I continued to reach for my water.  Lastly, I had the chocolate molten cake which was also eh.  

Nothing here was great and for such a "nice" restaurant, the food is extremely disappointing.  

The only thing it has going for it is the nice outside patio.  So many better happy hours in the area and better restaurants in general in LA so I won't be back.
Ever since a friend introduced me to their wonderful insalata pizza, I've been a regular at Teresa's. Juicy grilled chicken breast, various sweet, bitter greens drizzled with balsamic vinegarette dressing on top of a hand tossed chewy, soft dough. I can eat this all the time!! They have simple good food and friendly servers. 
Used to LOVE their linguini vongole but the taste changes depending on who's cooking that day so it can be a bit risky to try. 
Other menus are all strong and dependable.
This place was honestly really, really good.

I am a self proclaimed, bonafide, and hardcore meat eater.  I am a purveyor of the butchering arts, a true protein bandit.

But as a true master, I know my meats.  I tend to find that quite a few places can actually meet my standards I have set for myself when I cook my own piece of premium rib-eye (and not that junk you buy at Vons or Costco).

Fleming's is one of the places that passes my standards on the quality of the meat.

We went for my B-Day, and dropped about 3 bills and a half on a dinner for 4.  Not bad, considering

I personally ordered the off menu Bone-in New York Steak, cooked medium rare plus.  WOW!  Perfectly cooked, a thin edge of fat, salted to perfection, and succulent beef with every bite.  A 16 oz plate of gold.  I actually managed to eat every bite (and if I wasn't wearing nice clothes, that bone would be white!)

The rest of the party ordered a petite filet (quite tender, but no fat, no go for me), a plank grilled salmon, and a fried lobster dish.  Everyone enjoyed, but not as much as me!

For sides we had the staple asparagus, and picked up the chipotle mac'n'cheese.  Yummmm.  But the side dish that stole the cake was the flemings potatoes; a rich, slightly spicy interpretation of the scalloped potatoes!  Perfect complement for the steak.

Now, desert was very underwhelming, and I will suggest your better off with a coffee and save the space for elsewhere.  We got a luke-warm and non-crispy creme brule, and a walnut turtle cake that was also sub-par.  

The service was very good throught the dinner, the staff was super friendly and attentive, for about 90% of the time.  There is a time where the waiter had a brain fart and forgot that I needed a beer, but no worries, I was in good company.

Overall, this is a great place that I would recommend anyone to go.  After stuffing my gut with about 2 lbs of grub, I endorse it!  I will be back!
At a fine dine restaurant,
 ~ this is the approximate pricing I usually come across. 

Vintner's Table:$65-$150 up/ per person
Chef's Table $85~150 up/person
Omakase : $35~300 up/ person

Vintner's Table: 1 Appetizer 1 entre,  1 dessert
Chef's table: 6 courses ~ 12 courses
Omakase: depends... but usually ~6/20 small dishes as well

At Bacaro: $28 per person ( Including drink/tax/tip)

$19/ 3 tapas ( pretty big portion for tapas)
$5/ dessert

We all hate reading the menu.... 
So we asked the awesome waiter to bring us ANY tapas, that he thinks we'd like... ( Omakase style, but choice by the waiter instead of the chef). 

Group of 5 hungry/ epicurean/ spoiled food bloggers.
All got a round of fabulous awesome choice of wine/ beer, 
Shared 10 plates of tapas ( pizzas, etc) + Desserts. 
...
1. Ambiance is fun/ cozy/ interesting.
2. Food quality/ creativity is amazing, 
3. Portion is just right for hungry kids in their 20s. 
4. Service is up to par,
5. Parking is GREAT ( even though it's in the HOOD, PLENTY of street parking available)
6. And the highlight...the Price... is just unbelievable. 

We all walked out happy/ Full/ buzzed/ and a satisfied vegetarian from the group.

P.S: Special Props to Brother Simonster for recommending this venue. 
Mr. Simonstelier! I officially Nominate you as the guru of all the awesome wine bars in LA.
Happy Hour Review:

Swanky darkly lit place, I was a little intimidated walking in after work after casual jean Friday.  The crowd is older and rich, but a couple young casuals in the bar area.

Come early, or you won't get a seat at the bar or the small tables for Happy Hour.

The apps are great. Drinks are cheap. 5 Wines, 5 cocktails, and 5 apps for $6 each.  The calamari and the shrimp were a great size for 3 of us.

The service was snooty.  The gentleman serving us, took our drink orders and didn't ask us for food orders, and would refuse to take them until everyone at the bar was served before us.  I thought it was easier to just punch everything in together? He was just being rude...
Waiter young and polite...

Also got 4 free chocolates for our 1 year anny.
When our discounted meal costs around $100, it better taste mad good. It was just okay.
The best part was the beginning bread and 2 spreads it came with.
Salad too complicated for me and we had no choice of dressing.
Clam chowder was very good and different considering it came vegetable style and with bacon pieces.
Short ribs & macaroni/cheese too simple, maybe we should've paid more to try the steak/lobster?
Dessert - apple pie/ice cream/whip cream was okay, lots of flavor but we were too full to enjoy it.

Valet = $7.00, or parking in the garage for the same amount. Or you can walk a mile and find parking.

Maybe again in the future, but not anytime soon.
YUM YUM YUM! NOM NOM NOM! 

that was me last night hahaha my friend and i ordered the bacaro burger (w/ the egg...amazingness), the scallops (loved the bacon & brussel sprouts w/ the balsamic reduction), the bacon and brie pizza (do i need to explain why its so delish!?!?), the honey thyme chicken (eh not my fav), hanger steak (eh again), and the caprese salad (WHICH I LOVED! they ran out of basil pesto, but simple basil is perfect for me) 

i will definitely go back...hmm maybe tonight for happy hour :]
at first i put 2 stars, but the ONLY reason why i gave this place 3 stars is because of their delicious pizza. i love both the margarita and the goat cheese & caramelized onion pizzas. they're not greasy, have a super flat and crispy crust, and are baked fresh from a wood fire oven. 

in terms of the rest of the food...ive had wayyy better. especially for much cheaper. this place is super overpriced for so-so food. the portions are big enough that you can take home leftovers, but honestly...i was not happy with paying almost $30 for a big bowl of pasta shells in sauce and melted cheese. i can make that at home [and it'd probably have more taste to it]. 

another more minor thing i didnt like about bacaro is that they don't do anything nice for you on your birthday. ive come here once for my birthday [kind of wish i didnt] and again for another friend's bday celebration. both times our waitresses knew that we were celebrating a birthday but they didn't offer anything at all or go out of their way to make the night a little more special. not very classy or hospitable of them.
Princeton is so charming, but the restaurants here are sub-par (the Bent Spoon is excluded from this claim).

As another yelper mentioned, my friend called ahead and when we got there on time, we still had to wait about 20 minutes at the door, and I wouldn't have minded so much if the hostess wasn't so snooty. Our server was very nice, but not as attentive. When our main dishes came out, none of the empty plates were cleared.

I had the Farrauto salad made with spinach, Gorgonzola cheese, toasted pine nuts (it's hard for me to resist pine nuts; my dad makes such an amazing broccoli rabe and pine nut pasta) and chopped apple cubes. The dressing was a creamy balsamic vinaigrette. I thought it was a little bit overpriced, but each ingredient went together well and warmed up my palate for my pizza. 

I chose the margherita pizza. It was well portioned for one person, simple, and delicious. I must say, no match for my beloved Nomad Pizza Company right down the road in Hopewell, NJ, but yummy nonetheless. The cheese is not very salty, and I like the dough a little chewier. 

The server was honest to tell us that the NJ wine on the specials list was not good, so we chose a California Cabernet. I had one glass too many! My friends enjoyed their pastas: the Penne all' Arrabiata and the Penne Integrale.
Happy Hour: Monday-Saturday 3:00pm-7:00pm & 9:00pm-12:00am, Sunday 3:00pm-11:00pm. 

Drink Specials: $4-6 glasses of wine, $4 beers, $4-8 Cocktails and Martinis 

Food Specials: Sliders, Tacos, Salads, Fries, Calamaris Corn Dogs and Mac'n Cheese (ranging from $2.50-$7) 

I wasn't a big fan of the drink specials, but the food was pretty good. We tried the Slider, Baja Fish Taco, Calamari, Kobe Corn Dogs and Pizzette. My favorite was the Pizzette, which came with roasted garlic, blue cheese, golden raisins (which I can't remember tasting), fried rosemary (which I definitely tasted) and balsamic reduction (which got all over my menu). Second place went to the tiny fish taco. The calamari was also good unlike in most places, it was only lightly fried. 

I think both the corn dogs and the slider were disappointing. The slider was as plain as can be. Just a tiny patty with some cheese and a single slice of pickle. The patty was a bit dry, and otherwise unremarkable. The corn dogs came with a spicy sweet mustard that did a little to save them, but otherwise tasted exactly like I remember corn dogs tasting when you buy them frozen at the store. I guess there's a reason I hadn't eaten one for over ten years.
I came here with a couple friends today for Happy Hour and I was impressed by the low prices. Everything on the Happy Hour menu is $6 but the Bar area can get a bit packed once it gets close to 6pm. I tried their Prime Burger. It was really filling for its price! It also came with two large onion rings. I also tried their Sweet Chili Calamari, which was really good as well. The flavor was pretty good and the portions were much larger than expected for the price. Their Baked Brie in Puff Pastry was.. interesting. It was both sweet and savory because in the middle were cinnamon apples. I personally thought it was okay because the flavor was a little weird for me. But, one of my friends enjoyed it! They also offer free chips during Happy Hour while you're waiting for your food. 

Fleming's also offers free validated parking if you park in the parking garage next to the Hyatt. They validate for 3 hours  which is a plus! :) The lot was pretty full today because there was some special event happening in the hotel; but it is normally pretty easy to find parking in this lot. Hopefully the next time I go, I'll get a chance to try their drinks as well.
I'd have given it 4 stars, as all my food was very good, but my dining companions had some issues....

Very nice and very good American Bistro food.  Desserts were inventive and good, especially the old fashiioned doughnuts.  The wine suggestions were terrific.  Really nice staff.  For the most part, the food was well prepared.  My roast chicken was perfect, but my friends' pork roast was dry and tough, despite their ordering their roasts for medium and medium rare.
My wife and I ate here earlier tonight for the first time. (Never been to any other Fleming's.) This one at the Stanford shopping center is conveniently located for us. It was a Friday night, so we were expecting it to be busy. We didn't have reservations, but since we arrived just before 7pm, they still had plenty of tables in the side room. We were the first ones seated in that room, but by the time we left around 8:30, the place was almost full with only one table still available.

Not having eaten here before, we didn't know what to expect. It was a little pricier than we had hoped, but not out of our range for a nice full dinner together for our Friday-night date night. The decor was clean and minimal, lots of dark, simple tones -- a classic, if not slightly modern and upscale, steakhouse. Music wasn't too loud, though we were seated pretty far away from the bar, so we're not sure about the noise in the main room. Wine list was adequate; I think I remember almost everything was available by the glass. Wines were listed from medium to full intensity. I ordered a glass of Ringbolt Cab, 2005, from Margaret River, Australia, which I enjoyed immensely -- one of the best Cabs I've ever had. (Must remember this one; would love to find a bottle of it again.)

We were pleasantly surprised with the complimentary starter: a few crispy crouton-like bread slices with an olive tapenade and some kind of a white cheddar dip, and some celery sticks and radishes to finish it off. My wife especially liked the cheddar dip, and polished it off within the first few minutes.

Our waiter was very polite and hospitable. In fact, I think I'd say throughout our entire experience, the service was far above standard. He was polished, yet human enough to use humor when appropriate.

My wife ordered the Onion soup (with gruyere, swiss, and parmesan), and I, the Fleming's Salad (seasonal greens, cranberries, candied walnuts, etc) to start. The soup was tasty, if a tad bit sweeter than normal, and very cheesy. I wasn't as impressed with the salad, as I wasn't expecting it to be mostly Romaine hearts, with a tad bit of red leaf mixed in. The dressing needed more vinegar or bite to it, and the candied walnuts were more of a walnut brittle, not really what I wanted.

For mains, wife ordered the prime rib, medium (she likes the prime rib, I hate it) and I ordered the filet mignon, medium well, and we asked for a side of creamed corn to split. The plates, especially mine, came out oven hot. When I spooned some of the corn onto my plate, it sizzled for a minute! My filet was literally still cooking on the plate. The filet was tasty, cooked perfectly, and not dry at all, perfect small amount of pink on the inside, the way I like it. My wife's prime rib, on the other hand, she didn't care for too much. She wasn't expecting it to be marinated in and taste so much like rosemary. I tasted a bite and agreed with her -- the rosemary was really strong. Normally, we both like rosemary, but it wasn't right for this dish. She didn't eat much of the prime rib. I offered her some of my filet, and we devoured every bit of it. The corn had jalepeo juice in it (I think), so it had a nice kick to it. I liked it, but my wife, who doesn't like spicy food, couldn't eat it.

For dessert, wife saw peach cobbler on the menu and had to have it. Ok, I'll give up my normal chocolate needs for my wife's pregnant-driven cravings. Came freshly baked, again, quite hot, with a bowl of 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream on the side. Nice touch, so the ice cream doesn't melt all over the cobbler before it even gets to your table. Also came with a whole bowl of Chantilly whipped cream, yum! I'm not normally a cobbler fan, but this peach cobbler was excellent. Definitely recommended, if not just for the cinnamon streusel you can pair with ice cream alone. Wife ordered decaf, I had an espresso. Skip the espresso or espresso drinks here - it's bad and just watered down Starbucks.

Overall, a pleasant experience. As I mentioned at the start, we thought it was a little expensive for what you get. Prices are somewhat typical of a classic American Steakhouse. But with only 1 glass of wine, a soup, one salad, two steaks, one side, and dessert/coffee, our total with tip was just under $170. We've experienced basically the same or better quality elsewhere for 2/3 or less of the same price. That, and the bland salad and unexpected seasoning on the prime rib, and we knock it down a star to solid 4. Fleming's is good for a basic chain steakhouse; but a little pricey for what you get.
Ah, so that's why it was so loud on a Tuesday night.  I didn't realize this was a USC stomping ground.  I made a reservation for us on Open Table for 9:15 pm thinking we could enjoy a nice quiet date at a wine bar after a long day at work.  It was definitely not the quiet intimate setting I was expecting from a wine bar.  

He tried a couple beers and I tried a couple wines.  The wines were ok, but nothing to rave about.  As for the food, we got olives, caprese salad, clams, lamb burger, and one other dish, but I can't remember now (not very memorable, I guess).  My favorite was the lamb burger.  It was flavorful, juicy, and perfectly cooked.  My only criticism was that it's a very hard (and messy) dish to share and that should probably be taken into consideration for a small plates restaurant.  Same for the caprese salad.  There was plenty of mozzarella and tomatoes to share, but just one big piece of basil that we awkwardly cut into pieces. 

I probably wouldn't rush back (especially not for a date), but wouldn't complain about going back either.
Following is a letter sent to their head office with a couple edits:
Hi ______,
As discussed at the restaurant, our experience included both negatives and positives. The wine was delicious and the confusion was all mine by the way, but I couldn't find it on your wine list.  Did I miss it? (Mondavi 2004 reserve).   The Chateaubriand was FABULOUS, cooked exactly as requested and VERY tender.  The succulent taste was memorable.  As for the lobster, I have enjoyed a similar serache sauce (?) but the one served on our lobster was WAAAAY over the top for spiciness. Our server, _____, was very personable but seemed to have little idea what was happening in her station (not just our table). She did her BASIC duties as a server but did did not control/direct her support staff to ensure timely delivery of anything--water (including refills), bread, dish clearing, crummer (spelling). One might wonder if she even noticed?  Many times staff walked past tables in our section but never took a moment to clear a table, get a refill, etc.  In other words, no teamwork.  The food runner, not sure of his name, did a good job but in the absence of a manager at the passout window should have been trained to ensure the timeliness, quality, and presentation of EVERY dish. Our food was very slow coming out (the restaurant was not even half full even at 7PM) and our potatoes were cold. Lastly, I would suggest that allowing staff to hangout and have conversations in the aisles and at the pass-out bar (so that other staff needed to work around them and guests could see and hear them) be discouraged if down right not allowed.  It's VERY unprofessional. Your guests should be the ONLY ones having the "social" night out. It seems to be such a waste to go to the trouble advertising and to put on a nice special to bring in guests only to turn them off and have them not return. Well, hope this helps.  Best Wishes for the future.
I love Tria and I have a friend that lives over near Biba...so why not.
All the wines are so affordable as well as all the cheeses.
Our waitress was so versed in her wines and cheese pairings. I love her suggestions and will definitely go back.

*** I was so impressed with the decent prices and the knowledge of the servers!!!!!!
Perhaps I should have paid more attention to the fact that his place bills itself as a pub and WINE BAR... special emphasis on the wine.

Their draft beer selection is heavy on the IPAs. Fine if you like IPAs, but if not, there's not much else to choose from. And the bartender got surly on me when I asked for additional information to help me decide between bottled selections. I'm not asking because I know nothing about beer (although I could understand why you would assume that since I'm female). I'm asking because i know what I like and I want you to help me decide what will best suit my tastes. And even if I DID know nothing, I would think it would be worth your time to help me decide on something I'll end up liking. You know, chat with me a bit. Light or dark? What do YOU think is really good? Throw me a bone here!

In my quest for a great place to get beers in Harvard Square, I'm going to keep looking. It's a shame, because Shay's has a garden-level patio that is fabulous for kicking back and people-watching on sunshiny days.
delicious food good service delicious desserts hooked thumbs up
If you like wine and cheese, you are probably already a fan of Tria's two center city locations. If you like wine and cheese and live on the other side of the river, you probably hardly ever remember that they exist - or resent the trek it takes to get there. 

Enter: Biba. 

The owners of Tria have created a very cozy, friendly space in a perfect location for residents of University City who head downtown less frequently - and for the Penn/Drexel community members who live in CC but are tired of having to head all the way home to go out. The menu is smaller than Tria's, but I have yet to run out of options before I run out of room in my stomach. 

I've always found the staff very friendly and knowledgeable. They are happy to recommend wines/cheeses based on past preferences, idiosyncratic requests, or to suggest pairings. They genuinely seem to enjoy the food and drinks they serve. 

As a caveat, I have never been in the early evening and the space is small enough that it is likely to get crowded. Before happy hour and after dinner I've always been able to find a seat and hear my companions.
We got a coupon for 50 dollars off (yay!) so we decided to give Flemings a shot. Here are the attributes that merited 4 stars in my book:

- the current 6 dollar appetizers/drinks/entree before 7 rocks. We got the calamari, which we enjoyed since it had a lighter batter and we all like singmathai style sweet chili sauce. and, it includes both tentacles AND rings!
- the steaks had great flavor. The aging certainly helps, and we found the steaks to be close to those that we've had at greats like Pappas in Houston and Wolfgang's in NYC. Of course, we love our steaks rare. Not sure how the other temperatures taste.
- the bread comes with two whipped butters; one has this tomato chunk approach that we just loved.
- the corn side was great. probably the butter speaking out to us, but we ate that thing up like there was no tomorrow.

Overall, this would be a great spot for a business meal. For personal dining, try to take advantage of the 6 dollar specials before 7 PM.
The kale salad is hands down the best salad I've ever had. I'm not even a salad person and I love it! The lamb ragu is delicious and filling, and the crab cakes are super tasty. All of the brunch small plates are great. The striped bass dish had a lot of flavor! So good! Honestly I have yet to eat something I don't like here. 

The chocolate brownie with peanut butter is also yummy and the perfect large size for sharing if you have room for dessert at the end. :)
Vinology was really disappointing.  Hadn't been there in a while, their menu/chefs have changed.  They used to have an amazing braised short rib dish, which was really filling.  I got the short rib steak, 1/2 portion - which was 2 thin slices of meat with pho and a teeny tasteless 1/4 spring roll.  For $19.  The meat was cooked to perfection though.  I got a glass of wine, there was a TON of sediment at the bottom.  Come on?!  Am I at a wine bar?!  My husband got the tuna, he hated it.  It was wrapped in prosciutto and had three different sauces.  He should have read the ingredients more carefully.  That was $40.  My friend got the Swordfish and he didn't like it either.  Appetizers were miniscule.  Service was good though.  Wouldn't go back.  Except for Happy Hour - half off glasses of wine til 6 pm Mon-Fri.
This 4-star review is the rounded-up average of the 2.5-star bar on the side of the building, visited at comedy night, and the 5-star brunch spot, visited on a Sunday afternoon. 
The comedy night was pretty irritating; the bouncer proceeded to YELL at everyone in the bar for an hour straight, delaying the show. He then announced raffle results for a local fundraiser. Now, I understand the philanthropic reason for the raffle, but it could have been handled MUCH more smoothly and shouldn't have all been announced at once, before the already-late show. The first two acts were not particularly special but I wasn't expecting Demetri Martin... The last act was decent but the comedian was a bit too smarmy for my taste. Raunchy isn't ALWAYS funny, you know? 

Now, onto the BEST BRUNCH EVER. 
Cream-cheese-and-raspberry stuffed brioche french toast with key lime pie ice cream. Visualize it. Yeah it was THAT good. The ice cream was mild but interesting, with pie crust bits inside, and a nice bright green color (in the good way...). The french toast itself was hot, so the cream-cheese and raspberry goodness was melty and wonderful. The orange juice was thumbs down, expensive and small, but not a big deal. My friends enjoyed their various egg dishes and such, but oh man, that french toast was so good. Oh! The biscuits were very good, too (very similar to Red Lobster cheddar bay biscuits).
I'm not sure why people come to Flemings. If it wasn't for the Flemings Potato, I don't think I'd have any reason to come back. Albeit, this was my first trip to this particular Flemings, but I am a regular patron in southern California (where the service is so much better.) First, we were seated at an awkward table where 2 of the 4 chairs were angled uncomfortably. The hostess didn't make any specific comment to us but twice in a row she was telling other patrons about how she's been working since 10am because she has two jobs and then to another couple about how she needs to work more to make ends meet/high rent. Really? That's professional. Then with our own server, we only got water refills once. The way they have the servers assigned is weird since she never came around and if you tried to flag down someone else they kind of ignore you and go to their own tables. The bus boy was kind enough to bring us bread and refill our water (once). The issues with the kitchen is not the servers fault but first a burnt steak then the second wasn't even medium, it was rare (maybe medium rare)...but for the money you're paying, you should get exactly what you want. Their solution was to give the table creme brulee for dessert. It costs four bucks whoopty do. Good thing I bought Costco gift cards $100 for $80 and I booked it on opentable.com for points. Either way, I won't be back here. 

+bread and special butter/cheese 
-flemings salad (sadly nothing special despite being named after the restaurant)
-mozzarella/tomato salad (WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY - no taste in the mozzarella and small cherry tomatoes, pff)
+ribeye (without butter; it's pretty gross the extra glob on top) 
-filet (i'm so over this cut of meat) 
-scallops (DONT GET IT ref: pictures) 
+flemings potato (great side to share with the table) 
+/- creme brulee (less is more; this is too big and a hit or miss)
Came here for a business dinner, so had a set menu.  Crab cake appetizer was amazing!  For dinner, chose a ribeye with asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.  The ribeye was HUGE - taking up over 1/2 the plate, but the sides were surprising.  Three ribs of asparagus (quite delicious - could have had a plate of just them!) and a small scoop of mashed potatoes.  I liked the ribeye, and would definitely get it again, but I am glad that we had appetizers to start with or I would have been disappointed with the food.
one of my all time favorite bars in boston. the food is yummy - (try the big black bean burrito enchilada thing, it is amazing and goes GREAT with a hoegaarden, but what doesnt...) i really like the vibe - no hipster "punk rawk" kids (charlies) and no frat boys and their frat mattresses (tommy doyles)....just a nice mix of people with no pretention. i've only ever had the beer here, so i cant speak for the wine, but i can say that i've always been really pleased with the beer list. low ceilings, good music, cozy, feels very european. it's a great place to hang out and people watch or get a beer and some food with a friend. also, you can smoke on the outside patio which my tobacco addicted boyfriend loves!
Great little spot if you are in the mood for a dim-lit romantic interlude.  Tasty dishes, great wine and wonderful ambiance.
Not bad place for happy hour. If you don't want to deal with the craziness of Palominos, Napa Valley is def the quieter of the two. I've also been there with gruops for the actual dinner, not happy hour, and we've have great service.
I don't know why this place get such a bad rep. I went here once before three years ago and thought I had a decent experience. No particular reason why I haven't gone back since but now with a restaurant.com gift certificate, no reason not to go.

I was a little hesitant when we arrived and only about 5 tables were occupied. But, we actually had a nice dinner experience. 

Wines
We sampled 4 tasters throughout the night, all were good! 

Food
We ordered quite a variety: watercress salad (nice and refreshing), artisan cheese plate (waitress helped us select a couple and they were all good), lobster risotto (ok dish but huge portion), scallops (huge and succulent), beef tenderloin (nice and tender) and foie gras (a bit burnt tasting but I still savored it). Even though they are classified as tapas, they are not your average size tapas. Portions are a bit heartier than the tapas at Mi Luna, for instance.

Service
We had great service!! The waitress was constantly checking up on us, even the manager paid a little visit to see how things were. They even gave us 2 complimentary wines at the end of our visit, which we totally did not expect, and it was not their low-end wines either!!
The food is amazing.  There aren't many vegetarian options, but the gnocchi with heirloom tomatoes was amazingly flavorful.
Loved it!  Walked in last night for happy hour - half off wines by the glass - had a nice selection.  Kobe burgers for $5.00 and a great flatbread pizza for $6.00.  Have attended wine tasting here before which was great.  Absolutely worth going to for drinks or dinner!
Really good small plates. We got five and a dessert and it was amazing. The happy hour is an amazing deal and the sangria was phenomenal.  I will be going back soon.
This was my first trip to Toast.  I took my partner there for his birthday.

Space:

We found the space to be pleasant and laid back.  The host seated us on the first floor room in one of the two booths in the back.  This area is raise up a step which affords the diner a good view of the dining room and other patrons.  Unfortunately, the seating is not very comfortable as the padding is not sufficiently thick to prevent you from feeling every board of the seat's frame.  In addition, this the seating space is quite tight and, even though the booth can, in theory, accommodate three people, I believe that it would not be a pleasant experience.

Service:

The staff is friendly and functions as an ensemble team.  Service was sufficient and unobtrusive; however, they miss the mark in their ability to answer questions about the menu.  They seemed to be surprised when posed with questions on the food's preparation and could not adequately explain ingredients.  They also approached the answer in a slightly disdainful manner.  Not enough to cause insult but definitely from a "I can't believe that you don't know that" point of view.  While the staff is pleasant, I did not feel welcomed or completely appreciated.  I know that might sound self-centered but, at $50+ per person, I expect a better staff/patron connection. In short, a course in bed-side-manners would go a long way to improving the dining experience at Toast.

Food:

We shared the Pork Egg Rolls appetizer, which was quite nice, crispy and fresh, served with a dipping sauce.  We each had a soup.  Both the Cauliflower with Roasted Red Peppers and the Chilled Asparagus soups were light, creamy and flavorful. We would definitely order them again.

For the main dish, my partner had the Lamb Meatloaf with Garlic Mash.  For those of you who are on the fence on lamb, the meat's flavor was a bit wild or gyro-like, which I personally liked, but I can see some people being put off by the taste.  The Garlic Mash was very whipped and I would have expected a more rustic preparation.  For my entree, I had the Hawaiian Ono with Cous Cous and Shrimp Cream.  The fish steak was thick and not quite done at the very center. Since I like sushi, this was not really an issue.  Ono is a very mildly flavored fish and serving it on  bland cous cous did nothing to enhance the dish.  I imagine the thought was that the Shrimp Cream would do the trick but, it was salty and one dimensional and with the cous cous being placed directly in it, the flavor never really made it to the fish.  I would suggest that a small amount of the sauce be served on the side so that it could be poured on the fish if so desired.

For dessert, my partner had Balsamic Ice Cream with Berries. Very nice. My one suggestion would be to serve the sauce in a small creamer on the side.  I had the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich.  Perfect!  Both desserts were beautifully presented.

Overall:
My partner and I both feel that we will return to Toast, probably for appetizers, soups  and/or salads with a nice glass of wine.  It is less likely that we will consider this establishment for a full dinner.  For the price, I think that there are now enough other interesting dining choices in the city were I would rather spend my cash.
This place is great, especially during the summer! It is small and intimate! It has a large selection of beers and lovely outdoor seating, where you can watch people walking up and down JFK street! The prices are good and the staff is friendly! 

Shays is a great place to meet for an afternoon beer and catch up with friends!
I took my girlfriend here for a good steak, and what we were served certainly qualified as a good steak.

We started with a glass of wine from their very respectably-sized list, then ordered a nice assortment. We considered the prix-fixe menu, which offers an affordable way to sample a bit of everything, but they had clearly picked the B-team entrees (hanger steak? C'mon it's named because it hangs off the diaphragm. It's glorified fajita meat. I want a STEAK!). So, we opted for a la carte.

Caesar salad: You pretty much know what to expect here. This was your average refreshing, flavorful, crisp specimen.

Porterhouse steak: Given the price tags on most menu items, we opted to split this monster of a steak so we could get a good number of extras without breaking the bank. Man, was it good. Porterhouse is essentially a T-bone steak, with a much larger tenderloin portion. The meat at the edges is seared and flavorful, and the meat near the bone is marbled and silky and sensual. It took serious self-control not to gnaw the remaining deliciousness from the bone.  Basically, this was a behemoth of perfectly cooked (medium rare is ideal, and a second above medium is a hate crime) sheer expanse of seared  beefy perfection on a 500-degree plate.

Mashed Potatoes: They make theirs with blue cheese, but we're purists, so we got the cheese on the side. Potatoes are potatoes, but these are good potatoes, prepared right.

Grilled asparagus: I'm impressed by simple things done right. This is one of those things. I'm generally a fan of the smaller, more tender spears of asparagus, but these were fat muthas with attitude. Some poor soul in the kitchen spent hours peeling the skin off to expose the perfectly tender flesh inside. Good asparagus.

Lava cake: This was the coup de gras. I don't mean that metaphorically. I suspect that the sudden bolus of saturated fat might have quite literally damaged my liver in some way. I don't know how to do this, but I gotta learn. The outside was just cooked enough to contain the molten core, for maximum ooze factor. Add some ice cream and whipped cream, and you're done for

And to top things off they gave us a nice complementary box of chocolate truffles at the end. Classy joint.

The decor was relaxing, fancy but not stuffy. The wait staff was really welcoming and friendly. I'm only holding back on 5 stars because prices are bloody exorbitant.
I've been to Daisy's on numerous occasions over the last 5 years and have never had a bad meal. Consistent is majorly good in my book. 

This evening I was dining with my parents. We got a crab cake appetizer and the General Tso's calamari appetizer to start. The bite of the crab cake that i had was tasty but nothing remarkable. The calamari was G-O-O-D. the general tso's sauce wasn't overly sweet and there was a special spicy drizzle of wasabi dressing over the top that gave it a nice zing. 

My father had the salmon special (catch of the day) which must have been delicious because he dug in and didn't come up for air. My mother had the prime rib medium rare, no-extra salt. She did a cheer for her swat team against sodium infiltration and was very satisfied with her prime rib. I got the fillet mignon. It was perfectly medium rare and dressed with a peppercorn demi glaze and OMG delicious. I got double vegetables instead of vegetables and starch (which apparently this evening the starch was a long grain wild rice). 

Our waitress told us the vegetable was zucchini and summer squash, the vegetable was actually broccoli and chopped fresh tomatoes. While I was looking forward to the squashes, the broccoli and fresh tomatoes were well prepared al dente and very good. 

The only reason I withhold 1 star is service. The waitress was polite and friendly, but she was hard to get a hold of. We wanted to order another round of drinks for the table, mid way through the meal, but had to wait almost 30 minutes before the waitress resurfaced. No big deal, just a minor annoyance; we eventually got our 3rd round. 

We initially arrived at about 5:45 pm on a Friday and there were a lot of baby boomers sitting at the bar enjoying happy hour. i think that is great, but due to the high ceilings and echo=y space, it was a bit loud during the initial part of our meal. 

Slightly on the pricey side for the Capital Region: yes. Worth every penny: absolutely. 

I have no idea what dinner, apps, salads, and 3 rounds of drinks cost, because my dad was paying, but it was delicious and my dad is awesome.
FACT #1: I love a good piece of meat. Mmm.. 

FACT #2: The prime rib was all kinds of glorious.

FACT #3: This meal was a great deal.

OUR DINNER:
The Prime Rib Sunday Special ($29.95 per guest)
- Bread with 2 types of DELICIOUS butter
- 2 salads: The Wedge and Fleming's
- 2 12oz. cuts of mouthwatering Prime Rib with Au jus, Creamy Horseradish and Dijon dipping sauces
- 2 Fleming's sides: Fleming's Potatoes and Cheddar Mac & Cheese
- 2 desserts: Carrot Cake and Crme Brle

But wait! I can't have a delicious, juicy slab of meat without delicious, juicy wine! Gah! That would be a cryin' shame!! So what did I do? I brought a bottle of 2008 Justin Isosceles from home. :) But the best part?? NOT getting charged the $20 corkage fee. Sweet! And because of that, service was an A+ in my book! ;)

Luckily, we didn't come to Fleming's to eat rabbit food or to carb-load (because the salads and sides were rather bland and disappointing). We came to Fleming's to fulfill our carnivorous cravings for some prime rib! And like true champs, we took em down! A memorable meal, indeed! Nom-mother-frickin'-nom!
Cute cute atmosphere.
This restaurant is tiny and it's kind of hard to find.

Anyways, I came to this restaurant thanks to Groupon.
They have a large variety of wine which I always love.
I totally forgot the wines I ordered, but I did feel a bit tipsy after I drank 3 glasses.

I didn't really eat any of their small dishes except for their brie and jalapeno pizza. The pizza was very delicious especially because of the brie cheese.

I think everyone should check this place out if in the area... BUT the wait can be long, but I think it's worth it.
The draft beer selection is a bit peculiar... very different but refreshingly so.  Don't expect your typical midwestern domestics.  The bartenders are alert, and actually pretty darned friendly.  But the crowd there can be a bit of a downer.  I've been here ~5 times, and I generally like to think that I'm an un-assuming kind of guy.  Usually friendly, never angry on a nice weekend night... but everytime I go here I get someone that isn't happy, or too drunk, or just not having a good night up in my face and letting me know how upset they are.  It's not me, I think. . . I go to the last drop and don't get any trouble, or even the draft in allston and never have had the kind of flack I get here.  Generally the people here are great!  But I always seem to find that one bad egg around closing, I guess?

So I'm going to have to downgrade it as I'd like to give it a good rating due to the bartenders and the general atmosphere that I dig (outdoor seating is super sweet!).  I guess I just might have horrible luck here.  Ce la vie.
Good Food, But an Incomplete Dining Experience:

First time visit.

The physical space of the restaurant easily could be improved:

First: upon entering the restaurant I immediately felt it was too bright, then I looked up to find florescent lights (like an office or classroom) inartfully hidden (sort of) above a bunch of empty wine bottles serving as decoration (and to hide the florescent lighting).

Second: The tables were comically small, we might as well have been eating off of a lacquered 2x4 on legs.

Third: the seats have no backs; they are basically ottomans, which becomes uncomfortable (and they were made of vinyl, which I find can cause my butt to sweat!).

The food deserves four stars and I would still recommend the place in spite of these shortcomings.
double happy hour = double happiness

3-7pm, 9pm-12am.

Cheap drinks and extensive food selection.  More low key and elegant than palomino next door and healthier food selections too.  $5 well cocktails, super friendly staff.  They even alerted diners of last call on happy hour.  who does that??

cant wait til i'm back in westwood again to try more stuff from their hh menu :)
Love the business idea. Small menu, great imported wine selection, cozy and eclectic decor, great service...

My only issue was that with such a small menu, they should be able to steer clear from some of the canned food items I saw in the back and focus even more intensely on the freshly-prepared! 

We were offered a sample of a wine once we were seated, and it was so good and ended up to be my beverage of choice (Garnacha--it's a red). For lunch I had one of the fresh-baked flat breads.. can't recall which one exactly, but it was tasty and just enough of a serving.
interesting wines
delicious cheese selection
amazing burger
The wait here was long. They are a very highly rated place, and it's safe to say it was worth it.

Their tapas are really tasty and anything you order off the menu will pretty much be delicious.

Regardless of a reservation or not, the wait is inevitable. Parking is hard to find and you gotta scour the streets for a space.
Long wait, slightly pricy but excelent pizza and great pasta!
Only if I were not super hungry, and/or, the wait between a calamari appetizer and a balsamic chicken pasta were not almost 45 mins, it would have been a 4 star. Really really crowed and super awesome food (and server).

If you have patience and/or not in a hurry, check out their food.
I've been to this restaurant twice and have been satisfied both times.  Great wine selction that rotates monthly, friendly and knowledgable staff not to mention delicious food!  I inquired about a wine I had a year ago.  The host took my email, researched which wine it was and contacted me a few days later with the answer.  I highly recommend this restaurant, it's rare to find quality in both food and customer service!
this place really sucks. we went there for happy hour and the waiter was really not nice and not helpful. they seemed to have good drinks but nothing was available at the table, and the waiter was very pushy. we ended up ordering a bunch of appetizers, it was all very mediocre, and we got out of there very quickly. maybe it was an off day for them, but for us it was one of the most unpleasant experiences and places ever
I ate at their real opening on Sunday night.  I had a late dinner so I really got to appreciate the ambiance without a lot of noise. 

The food was delicious.  I had a hard apple cider which was just delicious.  I am not a big drinker but the rum and the cider was blended perfectly.  One could still taste the bite of the rum but the cider really brought the sweetness of the alcohol out.  It was also nice because you could get the cider served hot.  I just wished there were more of it.   I had the butternut squash soup which was good although I prefer my soups savory.  Nevertheless, the soup had a lot of depth of flavors which is perfect for fall, if you like sweetness in the soup.  I ended up eating my boyfriend's chili which was good too but nothing special.  

I got the salmon BLT for my entree and it was AMAZING!! I am really picky about my fish so I was really pleasantly surprised.  The salmon was really juicy and had a lot of flavor.  Furthermore, there was a decent amount of salmon in the burger.  The flavor from the fish paired really nicely with the bacon.  The side salad also had a nice balsamic vinaigrette.  I would definitely go back and eat the burger again.  I had a bite of my boyfriend's roasted chicken sandwich and the chicken was also delicious. 

Lastly, the waitress brought over the desserts so you can see what they actually looked like before you eat them.  That was really helpful.  I got the pumpkin pie and my boyfriend got the apple cake.  They were both good but the pumpkin pie was better.  I just wished the desserts were warm but otherwise no complaints. 

The service was fast and they were friendly and checked in on us frequently.  It is also a really nice restaurant to bring your parents to.  There is a bar upstairs although i didn't get to visit it but if their drinks are similar to the hard apple cider,  their cocktails would be amazing. 

Overall, the food showed a lot of thought beyond it's presentation.  There was depth and complexity within the dishes that I had.  The seasonal aspects and fresh ingredients really makes a difference and you can taste it in their food.  I am going to go back there and can't wait for when they serve lunch/brunch.
I came to this place knowing very little about it. I was very excited because I had heard that the food at this place was incredible. In fact, though it seems that many people come here for the wine, my friend told me that she comes for the food, so I was ready to really enjoy my dinner.

Yes, the food was incredible. I definitely recommend the prosciutto di parma, the flank steak, the bacon and brie pizza. Those were probably the best things I had.

The wine was good. The selection was many things I had never heard of, and the waiter was knowledgeable and made a recommendation that didn't require an extensive knowledge of wine to comprehend.

Also, happy hour is a great time to go, because each small plate only costs $5, which is an amazing price for these delicious dishes.

The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because I was somewhat disappointed with the service. After bringing us our first dish, it took them about 5 minutes to bring over silverware and napkins. Also, we asked for water, and it wasn't until we asked again 10 minutes later that the water came. Once we were done eating, nobody came over to ask if we were done, and so we were sitting there for a long time with predominantly empty plates waiting for someone to come and clear our table and offer us the check. Just not the speedy and attentive service I was hoping for.

But, service complaints aside, the food was incredible and I will definitely be returning to Bacaro! Thanks for a great meal!
Came here for the infamous Beeksteak Sunday and it was all the hype. For drinks, there was a white wine, red wine, beer, or champagne. It was just 2 of us, but I had red wine and my wife had champagne, and they left both bottles on our table.

The beef was great. They were also good about bringing us more meat when we still had potatoes left. There was so pressure to finish it all before getting the next round. The service was friendly and quick. It is definitely an event though as there were many large groups enjoying themselves and this is the only meal you can get (you can't order off the menu during Beefsteak Sunday).
Excellent wine list, and superb service!  Food was delicious, but I wish the menu was a little more creative on the appetizers.  Atmosphere is what I would expect for a nice steakhouse.  Reservations online were smooth and easy.  I would definitely recommend it and I would go again (but I prefer Alexander's Steak House in Cupertino).
After another go at both Cobras and Matadors and Bacaro I would like officially retract my previous statement that I would rather go to C&M over Bacaro (as if you really care, but just in case you do). Heck, I would choose Bacaro over any wine & tapas bar in LA!

The wine and food pairing experience was the equivalent to going to the Science Discovery Museum back when you were in elementary school: you're excited to go somewhere new and learn something new and it's organized and you have a guide holding your hand and explaining everything to you the whole way through. But it's better because there's food and wine and you don't have to get in a stinky old sweaty school bus. 

We started off with a refreshing Hungarian Prosecco, followed by a pairing masterpiece theatre of a different type of wine to match with each of the following: artichoke hearts & parm, grilled panino with caramelized onions, sliders, and beef cheeks with polenta. It was all glorious! 

The Yelp Wine Club event was amazing thanks to the owners of Bacaro for hosting us so graciously and Shelley W. for being such a badass organizer. Boom!
I came here on a Thursday night with a buddy of mine and the first thing I noticed when we stepped in was we were the only 2 guys in the restaurant (minus the staff).  I did a 360 turn and wondered if this was sorority night.  All you single fellas reading this review, try going to Bacaro on a Thursday night and see if you have the same luck.

The place is small and the tables are even smaller.  We were seated at a table that was meant for 4 people, but it was too small just for 2 guys.  We had to get into yoga poses to avoid playing footsie under the table.  Also, we were practically brushing elbows with the girls next to us.  

We ordered the caprese salad, bruschette (tomato and basil/Dalia's open fire roasted bell peppers), Bacaro burger, margherita and roasted garlic pizzas, 2 Chimays.  My favorite was the Bacaro burger.  You must order this with the fried egg.  In the middle of our meal, a server kindly asked that we be seated at a table for 2 to accommodate a party of 4.  We happily obliged and were rewarded with 2 Chimays on the house.  When it gets busy, it can be hard to get prompt service, but the staff tries their best to be fast.  

I'll definitely be coming back......on a Thursday night..
I've been here three times, which in itself suggests how much I like Bacaro.  If I were to compare Bacaro to Uvinum or BotteRock, it would come up short because of the somewhat limited wine offerings (about 6 whites, 8 reds, and a couple roses) and the simple food offerings.  But that would be the wrong standard of refenece.  Bacaro is a neighborhood wine bar.  Show up twice and you're recognized.  Santos is happy to serve, teach or inspire depending on your inclination.  The food, while simple, is well executed and offers a nice breadth of flavors to match with the wine offerings--each of which fills a unique roll on the list.  Its two fairly recent USC grads trying to get a start and what they may lack in capital for fancy decor they make up with in thoughtfulness and energy.  I'm a fan and will continue returning.
The reason for the low rating is not the food or even the fault of the waiter, I was disgusted by the hospitality of the manager and hostess upon arrival.  My 3 girlfriends and I decided to meet for lunch at 4:30.  I was first to arrive and when I asked for a table for 4 they told me I had to wait until everyone in my party arrived.  Even though I explained that we were all here, just looking for parking, they made me stand in front of the entrance anyway staring and 3 or 4 empty tables.  Even when three out of 4 of us were at the restaurant, they still would not seat us!  I must have stood in the door way for about 15-20 minutes when I could have been sipping wine at a table.  As for the food, the minestrone soup was fine, fresh with seasonal veggies, the pizza was good....small and overpriced.  Like I said, I might have been nicer if the restaurant manager wasn't going for the title of Captain D-Bag of the year.  Seriously, the name of your restaurant is Teresa's, not Perse.  If you are reading this, take a trip up to Madison NJ and eat at Soho 33...the owner there knows how to make every customer feel like a VIP.
The food and service were good, but just nowhere near worth the prices.
Nice convenient  alternative to driving  to a steak house in SF.Great service. Amazing cocktails. and wine list. Excellent prepared bone in ribeye with tasty cream spinach and highly addictive  onion rings. We will definitely return for a steak dinner,
Pros:  Awesome service and I really enjoyed my server.  She was very sweet and accommodating to our request of ordering something off the menu prix fixe.  We ordered memorable meal for 2 and 2 fall prix fixes. The memorable meal was fantastic! The filet mignon was cooked to the way we ordered it, although center was still cold.  http://www.flemingssteakhouse.com/e-newsletter/2010/november/memorable-meal-for-2  Follow the website for details for the prix fixes and meals.  

Cons:  The fall prix fixes were terrible!!!  The oysters were presented on a thick layer of sea salt, which I thought were bacon bits.  Found out the hard way when I shoved a fork full of that "bacon bits" into my mouth.  I had to run to the bathroom to spit it out!  The sea bass was extremely over cooked to the point of being hard.  It felt like those dried fish you would buy at a chinese shop.  The veal shank's taste was nothing out of the ordinary.   

The dessert was only decent.  They were WAAAAAYYYY too sweet!  It felt like I spooned a handful of sugar into my mouth.  

Valet parking was $7.  It should be free of charge in that neighborhood considering it's not downtown where spaces are limited.  

Overall, the restaurant's food quality can be improved by tweaking the texture of the food and tone down the flavoring of the dishes.  They do have excellent service!
Their paninis are the best I have ever had. They have exotic wines from all over the world. Top notch food. As for the service, I have seen better. I have seen the waitress act very rude to several customers. There are ways to get your point across so that the customer will understand. And then there are ways to completely drive customers away. Anyway, this didn't affect me, but it is just what I have seen. Other than that, this is one of my favorite places to dine in the county!
I go here very often.  I wish they were open on Mondays, but you can't have everything.  The food is absolutely awesome.  You can order a cheese and meat board pre-designed or build your own Tapas creation.  The only two down fall about this place is that they do not have a television at the bar which is not that big a deal unless the red sox are on.  The other down side is the bartender sometimes has an attitude. Which is also ok because the table service is always awesome.
Fun! We need more of these places.  Good tapas and it tastes even better if you come for happy hour (I think it's five bucks a plate).  I always end up ordering the burger with the egg (a buck extra for the quail egg but worth it).  The place is tiny so come early or wear comfy shoes to stand around.  Order the cauliflower too... it seems everyone orders them but I haven't tried it yet.  The more people you bring the more items you can try.

Wines are cheap and taste watered down but you get what you pay for.  Still I really like this place.  It is a gem.
Please note that this review does not apply to a certain Flemings location, it refers to the chain.

Let's just go ahead and say it! $40+ for a steak! Without sides. As in a plate. With a steak!

I'll admit that the service and food is 4 star worthy. However, please be warned, it's a la carte. So drinks, appetizers, main dish, side dish... and if you dare dessert and coffee, you'll easily pay over $100 a person. 

I'll have to say that Donnavons has an amazing special on their menu with steak that is just as worthy as the $40+ single steak. The pre fixe menu includes filet medallions, garlic mashed potatoes and vegatables, a starter (soup or salad) and dessert for $39.

I have a real problem with al la carte. If you do too, then I wouldn't go here.
The parents raved about this place, so we gave it a try at the last San Diego trip. 

First thing, we were late for our reservation, but we only had to wait five minutes to be seated. We were promptly greeted by our server, Athena. She was nice enough, and I say this only because our bus person, Leo, was absolutely awesome!!! He was so thrilled about this new garlic bread the restaurant was serving and generally about this job; it was positively amusing to see him at our table! 

Back on track, I had the bone-in ribeye - medium rare. It was a decent piece of meat for $45. I was quite content with it, but I have had better. The boyfriend had the prix fixe dinner. He chose the oyster rockefeller as the appetizer. This was the first time I had this because I was always skeptical with cooked oysters (a huge fan of raw oysters though.) But, man, these oysters were wonderful! It had this cheesy spinach sauce on top served with three tiny pieces of bacon on it. Definitely a must try. 

Then he picked the veal osso bucco. There was risotto with chopped fresh vegetables underneath the veal. The risotto was surprisingly light, and the vegetables complemented the risotto very well. But then the veal was cold on the inside. Athena took the plate back in happily. Boyfriend only had to wait five minutes to get a new plate of veal back. They cleaned up the plate and put a new sprig of rosemary on top of the veal. The entree had a happy ending. Lastly, the prix fixe dinner came with a dark chocolate cheesecake. It was light and perfectly sweetened (not too sweet or too bland). 

My brother ordered the lamb, and the verdict from him was that it was very delicious. 

I had the chocolate lava cake. It was served with a bowl of fresh whipped cream and two scoops of vanilla ice cream. Now, I have never ordered this from restaurants before, but this was very very good!!! 

Overall, this was a great restaurant. I personally liked the crowd - not too old or too hippy, which some steakhouses can seem to err on. 

Bon appetit!
When it comes to neighborhood wine bars with yummy tapas, Bacaro LA is the place to be. 

The owners are SC Alumni, and are very welcoming and accommodating to anyone and everyone who steps through the door. As far as atmosphere, things are kept simple with basic tables and benches, a menu of cheeses and wines scribbled in chalk on the walls. 

The menu changes with the seasons offering an always delicious serving of scallops and a variety of flatbread pizzas. This is the perfect place for a few glasses of wine and some tapas-sized plates.
went there for my 21st birthday with my boyfriend, and I will definitely be back! our waiter was extremely friendly! had great suggestions for appetizers and dinner. atmosphere was fantastic....great for a romantc birthday dinner! we had the shrimp and grits appetizer---no wonder they're famous for it! it was PHENOMENAL! I had the pheasant for dinner and it was cooked perfectly! couldnt have asked for a better birthday dinner!
I uploaded a ton of pics from our Father's Day dinner last night.  Being the prime-rib lovers that we are, all four of us couldn't refuse ordering the prime-rib dinner ($36) which includes a salad, side, 12 oz. prime-rib, and dessert - which is only available on Sundays.  That's an amazing deal!!!  Considering the salad, side, and dessert are each $8-$10 individually, you're practically getting your prime-rib for $5!.  I've also read Yelp reviews saying the steaks are just so-so and I'm not ordering a $40 ribeye (with no sides) to get mediocre taste.

The bread served was amazing, primarily because it came with both a  tomato butter spread and a champagne-infused brie spread (YUM).  The salads are what they are, nothing too great but not too shabby either.  In terms of the sides, the sauteed mushrooms, Fleming's potatoes (scalloped with jalapenos and and cheddar) stood out the most.  For desserts, the creme brulee and cheesecake were tasty as well.  

The final touch was a Father's day present: two gift cards delivered to both my Dad and brother for $25 off our next visit.  Apparently I don't look old enough...oh well.   Check out my uploaded pics!
I felt I took a risk ordering the pumpkin gnocchi with boar stew.  It was unlike anything else on the menu and was listed at the bottom.  However, I'm glad I did. The whole dish worked really well together.  The stew had tender boar meat with this great tomato sauce.  The pumpkin gnocchi was a touch sweet.

My girlfriend got the penne with scallops and shrimp, which was also well done.  Pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was bitter, in a good way.

Our waiter was extremely helpful - he actually talked me into my choice.  The atmosphere was loud but cozy.  The wall we sat next to adorned a large picture of who I can only assume is Teresa.  Because they lack a lobby, it was a little off putting eating next to a group of hungry people waiting to sit/  Otherwise very nice.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Princeton. Teresa's is my go-to when I have guests in town. I have a sneaking suspicion one of my friends wants to visit me again just so he can get his hands on a bowl of conchiglie balsamico!  

If you haven't experienced their "pizza e vino" yet, I know what you need to do next Monday! It doesn't get better than a prix fixe chef's choice pizza and wine pairing!
I am an occasional diner at Teresa's and have never been disappointed.  Last night was no exception.  The food is good, hot and healthy--using organic products in the dishes they serve.  Prices are reasonable, our waitress was charming, and the meal from start to finish was terrific.

The reason I am only an occasional diner there is because it is so popular--almost too popular.  And since they don't take reservations you can end up waiting a long time for a table.  If you don't want to wait, get there early, really early.  I'd give this five stars if it weren't for the wait.
I went with my wife and it looks like 5stars and the service was. But the food was tasteless I was very disappointed. To me it tasted like the noodle packs you buy in the frozen section and make up in 15 min, First and last time I will go maybe I got them on a bad day I don't know but I think there are better choices around.
I can see why this is one of Princeton's favorite restaurants.  It's got a cozy, almost crowded atmosphere, a full bar, great Italian menu, great location, great specials and wine list.
But, as long as the rest isn't a problem, food is my 1, 2, 3 most important factors.
I'm basing this on a single  lunch meal, but it's worth reporting.
I ordered penne arrabbiata (the menu is probably more accurate, adding "all'" in front of the sauce.
And, the sauce had a wonderfully fresh taste - the tomatoes and basil were very clear.
OK, so what's the problem?  It's supposed to be "angry" - the translation of arrabbiata from Italian and this was so far from angry, it was something else.  
If they had said "Teresa's arrabbiata" I'd wonder what might be different.  But, it was presented as the classic dish and it just wasn't.
Now, Princeton isn't the food capital of the world;  not even of NJ;  but a lot of Princetonians have been to Italy or are Italian.  It's not a assisted living facility with everyone having a delicate stomach.
OK, so our waiter was very pleasant and seemed to know his stuff, so I asked that they add more Peperoncino.  
Well, it was Baby Bear and came back Daddy Bear.  Which I could bear (intended) but it didn't make it good.
Oh, I had a very nice glass of Sangiovese Cesani for only $8.  The barkeep know his Italian wines.  But the pour was pretty modest.  
So, it was OK, but I wasn't impressed.  Would I go again? Well, there aren't a ton of better choices in the area, so yes I would, but I wouldn't expect as much as I did this time.
Love this place. The original "nice restaurant" in the area (and basically still the only one), Bacaro is a great place to come and eat really good food while slowly getting blitzed off of foreign wine.

Cool atmosphere, friendly staff, slightly pricey but well worth it. The menu changes seasonally, but everything I've had there is awesome. 

I should note that my relatives from upstate New York ordered the "steak" and the "burger", thinking they would get a good ol' American (pr. uh-MURR-a-cun) steak and burger, and flat out refused to touch their gourmet food when it got there as some kind of misguided protest, but that's basically a plus in my book.
Finally, after 5 yrs of grad school at USC I managed to give this place a try. I was really impressed. Everything came out fast and delicious. The plates are really small, I wish they would send out slightly bigger portions.
We tried the burger, the hanger steak, the panini, the margherita pizza, the chipotle cauliflower and the mac and cheese. My favorite was the cauliflower hands down. Please don't pass on this dish. I wish it was a slightly bigger portion...cauliflower is dirt cheap. I'll be back for sure, happy hour seems like a good deal.
Closed its doors in 2007. 

Had a nice ambiance up and downstairs. Food was good. Great location right by the creek. Wonder who will take it next....
This is one of the few places where you don't have to tell them what a black velvet is (it's on the menu!). However, they are really stingy on the Guiness and really heavy on the cider. The bartenders/waitstaff are friendly and always seem to remember you.

The worst part about this bar is that parking in front of it is for only one hour. By then, I'm usually too lit to even care. Apparently, I don't like money.

Bathrooms are in the back and they are NOT in the kitchen. Rather they're the two doors, one on the left and one on the right (I'm really bad at finding bathrooms but good at finding kitchens).

Some newspaper took a picture of my boyfriend and I casually conversing [the topic was cutting up the photographer and making soup of him and using his bones as a xylophone] when we went there recently and didn't use it for the story. Instead they use this vanilla couple that was near us. I blame it on the sun! Boo!!
My boss treated us out to dinner at Napa Valley Grille. I've always avoided this place because I thought it was expensive, but to our surprise, it was very reasonably priced.  Well, they did have expensive items on their menu, but if you stick with the lunch combos, it won't leave your wallet empty and broken.

I made reservations for 4 and 2 of us were seated as soon as we arrived.  The server came by as soon as we sat down to take our drink order and did the same when our other 2 guests arrived.  

I wanted to order the ravioli, which was $19 (i think), but everyone else was ordering something from the lunch menu (~$14), so I didn't want to be the only one ordering something "expensive"....so I went with the grilled cheese w/ prosciutto combo.  It came with half a grilled cheese with prosciutto sandwich, butternut squash soup and a side salad for $14.  I thought the sandwich was a little too salty for my taste, but I guess it wasn't too bad cuz I finished it.  The soup and salad were good.

The other items on their menu seemed tasty and I think I'll go back to try them.  Hopefully I wont be disappointed.

I don't really have any Pros and Cons to this restaurant yet because I don't think I fully took in the feel of the restaurant sitting next to my boss.  I'm a nervous wreck....
While the wine menu is nice, and 1/2 price Happy Hour is always something to check out, I would recommend coming here with very very low expectations for anything other than good wine.  I ordered the Tempura Tofu, and it was so salty I almost couldn't eat it.  I needed three glasses of water for the four pieces.  I let my server know this, and she came back with the information that the tofu was marinated in soy sauce, but there was no salt involved.  I suggested maybe they could marinate it for a little less long, because it was clear she didn't understand what soy sauce was.  She said then "Well, I just wanted to let you know I told them what you said", and walked away.  This isn't service, as much as telling me my palate is unrefined and I don't know what I'm talking about.  She was generally unresponsive, and a very poor server.  My bill was $18, and I place a $20 in the jacket.  When she came back a few minutes later to ask if I needed change, I almost said yes.  She didn't deserve the $2, but I am not as rude as her.
That being said, both stars are for the wine list.  And the Happy Hour prices on said wine.  Just don't expect anything else.
I think I'd give a 3.5 if I could. Shay's is a great little spot to hang out and catch up with friends. I was there with a group of 7 on a busy Saturday night and never once had an empty beer... the waitress kept them coming right on cue. 

I've heard great things about the wine, but decided to stick to Anchor Steam this time around. One friend in the group ordered a glass of white and wasn't pleased. Another friend in the group isn't much of a beer or wine drinker and was at a loss for what to drink... a warning to those cocktail and martini lovers out there: this bar is beer and wine only.
I am a steakhouse fan, and I'm a fan of service.  I know that you can't always get service right and accidents happen, but I expect recovery.  Received.  We were there for a birthday dinner, 10-12 of us, and everything was great.  Food was cooked the way we all wanted it.  Good flavors.  Love their potatoes.  One of the people in our party didn't get his food because the order never went in for him.  They comp'd his meal and apologized profusely.  Perfect.  I think the bottles of wine, meals, and desserts made up for the one plate, and the repeat business definitely did.  If you're in the area it's recommended.
I was significantly impressed by Biba. I spent a couple of hours there catching up with a friend in the evening, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.

I liked the layout - lots of warm colors, wood-paneled walls, a prominently displayed wine cooler, and I thought the bar seating was an excellent idea for maximizing space without having to trip over people and tables. 

Both the food and the wine were surprisingly affordable. I enjoyed a glass of red and a white wine. My friend and I split the tuscan bean dip and the charcuterie platter - both of which I would recommend, but especially the meat because I am a sucker for sopressata and theirs was delicious.

The service was good, and the music was excellent - I giggled with excitement when I heard the Magnetic Fields. My one complaint would be that, as awesome as it was, the music was very loud and it was occasionally difficult to hear my friend over the din. I felt like we were yelling sometimes.

Overall a great place and I'll definitely be back to share it with others.
Goodness gracious, it's a meat + wine lovers' paradise.

I had the great fortune to dine here for a great celebration (my niece's high school graduation) with extended family.  Dimly light, it's a journey of several senses (tastes, sight, smell).

Our big group was served well by several waitstaff who were very knowledgeable about the food and beverages + kept up with the demands of a large group.  We started with a couple seafood towers, a fantastical display of cut king crab legs, lobster tails, shrimp, ceviche and tuna served on a a bed of ice served with various sides sauces.  The seafood was gently sweet + tasted like it came from the sea, slightly salty.

Each guest ordered various cuts of beef-from main fillet minion to in-bone steaks, to New York strip to steak + lobster. Some delicious and tender beef. The group shared several sides, family style. The favorites included lobster mac and cheese + creamed spinach (worth all the calories) but also mashed potatoes and green beans.

There was just enough room to share a couple of chocolate lava cakes (they take 25 minutes, so order early) and the kids devoured those puppies as if they didn't just have a fine dinner.  And the guest of honor received a special box of chocolates!

Many thanks for an outstanding meal.  I'm still dreaming of that lobster mac and cheese.  Cheers.
I came here for the "off the beaten vine" happy hour, where they offer 3 wines you've likely never heard of for $5. It's a really great concept, and different from the norm. I really enjoyed both the white and red I tried, the only problem is that since they were so different, I can't remember for the life of me what they were.

We arrived at 3:30 but were informed that they had a class going on and they didn't open to the public until 4. 4 rolled around and they still wouldn't let us in, which we were slightly annoyed about, but they offered for us to sit on the patio and turned on the heat lamp for us which was nice. When we finally went in, we were surprised to find out how small it was  - a bar, a long table, and a few small ones. I guess that's why they call it a 'wine room', because it's literally one small space. We sat at the bar and they offered us some cheese that was leftover from the class for making us wait.

I ordered a salad with figs, pine nuts, blue cheese, and balsamic. It was amazing, except for the cheese. I'm usually not picky but this one had a strange taste and smelled like feet, so I ate around it. I also got the crostini with allagash cherries and brie, which was awesome. My friends both got the truffled egg toast, kind of a fancier version of toad in a hole, and it gave me major food envy since runny eggs, bread and cheese may be my favorite food combo. We had living social deals, so we ordered dessert to reach the deal amount. I got the chocolate cake with marscapone and hazelnuts, which was pretty much like a giant chocolate truffle - not cake like at all. It was really good, but so rich that I could only eat a couple bites. My friend got the olive oil cake with blood orange sauce which was just ok. 

When we went to pay, we gave her our deals but the manger told us we could only use one since it's "one per group". I was kind of annoyed, since it's only $10 for each one, and we were using them among 3 people. But they wouldn't budge, so we had no other choice. I will probably return for another happy hour but will be much less spendy the second time around.
It's hard not to come to this place every day after work!  If you want to get away from the crowds, this is the perfect spot.  The wine by the glass selection is not as extensive as I would like, but there is always something new and delicious for everyone's palate.  They compliment the small dishes perfectly.  The menu is also small, but the food is spot on and flavorful.  The open-faced burger is consistently sublime.  Whether you're by yourself or with a couple of friends, you'll always leave there content with a smile.
Wine?  Well then I'm there!

So, the wine is the main draw (you can actually eat in their cellar room), but the food is actually pretty good too.

This restaurant/wine bar has a uniquely cosmopolitan feel, which is sometimes hard to achieve in a town the size of Ann Arbor.  I could definitely see this place in the uber chic neighborhoods of bigger cities and still being just as popular!

There is an extensive selection of wines and unique plates to try along with them.  The restaurant is designed very beautifully and anywhere you sit in the place has a unique style.

I would say they only lose points for having some staff who isn't entirely "friendly" as well as many workers who are not even close to knowledgeable about wine.
great steaks, good drinks (although pricey), fancy atmosphere.
We ate here for happy hour, the "5 for $6 til 7pm" thing. To participate in happy hour, you have to sit at the bar or the booths in the bar area. Bonus for sitting at the bar: you get free chips!

Because the happy hour seating is so limited, it gets crowded & you will likely have to wait for a seat/table if you show up after 5:30 or so.

Here's what we ordered:
- Prime Burger with Cheese & Bacon ($6): you get to choose your cheese (bleu, cheddar, or swiss) - not bad, if I had paid full price ($12) for this burger, I'd feel ripped off.
- Seared Ahi Tuna ($6): good, comes with strips of carrot & other veggies, wasabi, ginger, and this interesting smoky-ketchupy dipping sauce.
- Fried Calamari ($6): comes topped with pickles and bell peppers. a pretty generously sized portion, but it wasn't crispy enough!
- Walnut Turtle Pie ($8.50): rich and delicious, comes with some kind of fancy whipped cream, yum! - tastes a lot like actual Turtles (you know, the chocolates)

Overall, not bad. The highlight was that turtle pie.
okay, this place gets 5 stars just for one thing - the bathrooms. 

i walk into it and the first thing i notice is the standard pub sign hanging on the wall. right below it? another pub sign, but a mirror. so while some lucky guy is taking a number two, he can stare in the mirror at his pants around his ankles. 

now? the mirror for the bathroom. well, the one people use to i guess look at themselves. it looked like someone had a bad day. their deal to make that big drug deal fell through or something. you know, an everyday thing. well, someone punched that mirror.

the soap dispenser. now, i'm 6'2". i had to reach up to almost eye level to get soap from it. made me wonder what would happen if some poor midget needed to wash his hands in case he accidentally peed on them while in there. 

and lastly? the hand dryer. on the same wall as the pub signs, albeit to the right side. well, again, it's at eye level for me. not to mention it's right above the toilet. so no doubt the guy who walked in immediately after me probably thought i peed all over the seat. well, i didn't. i only do that when i'm super drink, ok? THAT water is from my hands, damnit!

and as a side note, my friend beth who i went with, after telling her about the men's room, had her own awesome story about the WOMEN'S room. what looked like an old condom dispenser? well, at the bottom where you would grab the condoms is written in sharpie "for refunds, insert baby here". 

like i said. 5 stars just for the bathrooms. best bathrooms ever - if only for just being THAT fucked up.
i loved the patio right next to the street but inset a bit to be more comfortable than seating on the sidewalk. its actually a very friendly and welcoming place! theres nothing to be embarrassed about whether you wanna have a drink and sit alone and read or want to hoot and hollar with a group of friends. interesting people sometimes walk by and its easy to say hi. there is sports on TV inside and the space is limited. what is also limited is their alcohol selection. no liquor and not many wines. they do have beer and some basic wines so youll be fine if youre not too picky. also, its nice that it is off the beaten path of sorts to the high traffic of harvard square.
A celeb hot spot from what my waiter told me. Appearently Rihanna loves this place. Go figure. 

As soon as my date and I came in, we were seated right away outdoors. I loved the outdoor seating. It was super relaxing and rustic decor. The waiter came literally as soon as we were seated with waters! Talk about fast! He was super helpful and recommended something for everything from appetizer to cocktails.

For appetizer: 
- Pancetta Flatbread: I heard this is one of the best and most popular dish. I can see why. It was amazing! It had pancetta, onion, goat cheese, and sauteed lettuce on top of a flatbread. 

For Entrees:
- NVG Burger: I am a burger addict! it isnt that hard to please me, but really hard for me to say it was amazingly good where I want another. This was one of those burgers. The bread itself was soo soft, and smelled fresh. I can just eat the bread itself with no butter at all. It came with garlic fries. Enough said. 
- BBQ Beef short rib: It looked good, but visual wise, it didnt impress me. I tried a bite and it was good, but I had better. It came with a corn salad. 

Cocktails: 
- Cherry coke float: Basically it is the adult version of a float without the ice cream. It wasnt great. I didnt like it at all. The waiter let me return it for another drink. How great is that?!
- Red Apple sangria: What more do I have to say?! It was so yummy! 

Desserts: The best part of a meal. 
- Peanut Butter Banana cheesecake: It was one of the best cheesecake ever! Once you try this, you wont know what Cheesecake Factory is anymore! Best part is that it had sea salted caramel on top! Are you drooling yet? 
- Grapefruit Mint Creme brulee: If you hate mint, stay away. I didnt really taste grapefruit but you can surely smell and taste the mint. I will say that this kills the bad breathe you might have after your meal. Think of it like a twofer haha

Love this place. Their desserts and appitizers are def worth trying. I heard that their happy hour is amazing because they have actual food and it isnt all appitizers. Got to try that one day. Oh and yes I did get another burger and peanut butter cheesecake (with extra caramel) to go!!! I was very happy the next day too =)
This review is for the 5 for $6 before 7:00 deal.  So apparently, they have a daily happy hour menu that encompasses a list of 5 appetizers, 5 glasses of wine, 5 cocktails or a burger fr $6 a piece before 7:00.  I totally didnt' know about this deal (or steal) until last night when a friend put me in the know.  I gotta say, I was thoroughly pleased with everything. 

The food is great and the portions are respectable.  My buddy and I shared an order of beef carpaccio, 2 orders of BBQ shrimp, and the Fleming burger.  All of it was delicious.  I know delicious doesnt say much b/c I use that adjective a lot.  But lets just say I got much more than $6 of utility from each dish.  the shrimp was full of flavor and nicely seared so that it was subtly crisp on the outside.  came with a nice piece of toast and really, really flavorful sauce.  The burger was melt in your mouth.  We ordered the burger medium rare, and they really did it right.  It came on a brioche bun and came with onion rings.  Simply blissful.  

And now for the drink selection.  Although they glasses were only $6 each, Flemings did not downgrade the quality of the selection.  I ordered a glass of pinot noir, cabernet, and pinot grigio.  They were all excellent.   I also tried a bit of my buddy's martini of some sort (don't recall the name of the drink exactly). it was sweet and had hints of coconut in it.  From what i could tell, it was a decent cocktail even if a little girly notwithstanding that I'm a girl.  That made no sense.  

So at the end of the day, I can see now why people literally line up at the door for this happy hour.  It's good.  But please don't get there before me.
First off, beautiful space. Plus, the bar had coat hooks. I love bars with hooks.

Based on my love of Tria, I am willing to give Biba another shot. However, the first time I visited I couldn't even stay long enough to get food-- the place is small, and the acoustics are terrible, making the noisy group at front too much to deal with when paired with the overly loud music they were playing.

My friend and I both had a glass of wine, after some helpful advice from one of the bartenders. As expected the staff were knowledgeable and friendly. However, I was disappointed by the limited vegetarian options on the menu (other than cheese, of course). I probably won't hurry back.
Food was great! Service sucked!  I know that it ruined the experience a bit.  

Anyway all the steak that we ordered were fabulous. No complaints there.  Everything was really good, including the lobster mac n cheese, and the fries and onion rings. We enjoyed our meal thoroughly.  

Service however was another story.  I called in to make reservations and they asked if it was something special and I said that it's for someone's birthday. Hostess told me that they would do something special for the birthday person.  So when we arrived, I pointed to the hostess the birthday boy.  Server came by in 15 minutes and asked who ordered a chocolate lava cake? Totally ruined it!!!!!
Also, we had a late-comer. The server came over every 10 minutes to check and was really impatient. He kept asking, so did you guys want to order first? We already said we would wait for the friend. JEEZ.
When our food came, he didn't come over to ask how it was.  My steak was overcooked, but he was nowhere to be seen, so I just ate it.   It still tasted fine, but I would've enjoyed it more if it was medium rare like how I ordered it!! 
So I guess your experience will depend on who you get as your server that night.
Do you ever meet people at businesses who treat you well and you respect what they do?I really want Bacaro to do well for those reasons.

I used to go to the Silver Lake Wine Shop's Monday wine tastings with some regularity in the past.  Barcaro co-owner Santos Uy was knowledgeable and helpful while wearing the hat of our pourer. When we saw co-owner Santos at AOC in March, wearing his sommelier hat, we told him we would check out his new wine bar. 

Bacaro is located near USC which may seem to be an unlikely location for a wine bar. It makes me think that the area is an economic empowerment zone. 

I like it's understated feel and the ability to order wine by the glass from a good selection. Co-owner Danny Kronfil spent some time with our group introducing himself and giving us an introduction to the place until Santos came along. They both spent some more time to talk about sports with our group. 

We had the Tuscan white bean bruchetta, polenta square, handcrafted salumi, the cheese, and crostini platters. I would suggest some uniformity in the sizes of the "cicheti" (snacks), since they varied from "too small" to "just right"  but over all I like Bacaro.

Bacaro is off to a good start when it's name evoke Bacchus, God of Wine.
Tasty food, questionable service, microscopic portions, painful parking and hefty prices.  Won't be going back...

However please note that I drink very little alcohol so take it in context...if you ain't going there for the wine, go so somewhere else.
I've been here several times and it never disappoints. The menu changes frequently because they offer seasonal items. When you go here, they hand you a regular menu along with a two sided paper tapas menu and a pencil. It's nice because you can order as much or as little off the tapas menu as you want. So if you want to try the squash flowers, you can get just 1 rather than commit to a full appetizer. Their pizzas are slammin - nice and thin and crispy.  Entrees are always delicious too. One of my favorites is the grilled vegetable plate. It's $28 but the plate is huge and I'm never able to finish even half of it. It's a different selection of veggies every time you get it - you're getting whatever is fresh and in season. 

The restaurant is two levels. The bottom level is the bar and a seating area. Upstairs is an open kitchen and a larger seating area. I prefer to sit upstairs because there are huge windows that overlook the water. There is also outdoor seating available.
We came here for my father-in-law's birthday since he loves steaks. I was excited when I saw the great reviews on Yelp for this restaurant.

I reserved a table through Open Table, and we were seated right away when I got to the restaurant. However, after we were seated and served with water and bread, we waited for 15min until the waitress came again and asked what we wanted to order. The onion soup that we ordered as appetizer came pretty fast; however, it took ~40 to 45min to have entrees delivered. We "requested" extra bread during our long wait. We had 4 orders of (different) steaks and 1 order of lamb chops. I really dunno why it took so long. While we were having our entrees, no one came and asked if things were doing okay and if we needed anything else. 

The only great thing is that food is good. Steaks were decent though a bit over-cooked, and my mother-in-law loved the lamb chop she ordered. I don't know about dessert, since we ate so much bread (bread was good too) while waiting for our entrees that we had no room for desserts at the end.

I would say.. 
worth trying? Yes. 
Am I disappointed? Kinda.
Will I go again? hmm.. I am not sure.
Glad to see that lots of others think that Flemings is better than Donovans, I agree completely.  Flemings gives you the perfect steakhouse experience without the clubby, stuffy atmosphere.  You still get the dark interior, great wine selection and most important...GREAT MEAT!  If you can pry yourself away from the Rib Eye and NY Strip, you gotta try the lamb chops or double cut pork chop...outstanding.  If you can't afford the full on steakhouse extravaganza, their happy hour is 2nd to none in SD for food and wine, with a $6 burger that always hits the spot and calamari with sweet peppers that is addictive..  Service is outstanding from front of the house, to bartenders to bus boys...EXCELLENT RESTAURANT!
The food is hit or miss, with the risotto du jour (tomato, basil, mushrooms, garlic, and shallots when I visited) and speck being a hit, and the unbalanced pizza, mono-tasting hummus, and past-its-freshness-date manchego (it wasn't advertised as aged and it didn't taste aged, but it crumbled when cut) being misses.

Wine flights provide three thematically arranged tasting-size portions.  I enjoyed flight 7 a great deal and recommend it to those who like their reds neither fruity nor super dry.  Despite the utility of the flight, the execution is terrible.  Three samples are plunked down on the table without either a verbal description or labels indicating which wine is which.  I really enjoyed one of the wines I tried, but there was no way for me to know what it was and follow up by ordering a glass.  Very strange.

The servers are friendly and attentive, and the seating arrangements are designed for intimacy.  I like the wood and soft glow of the candles.  Value wise, it's nothing to write home about.  I'd recommend all non-gamblers out there to stick to the cheaper fare due to the inconsistent food.  

If they can make the experience more user-friendly, I'd be willing to try it again.  Until then, I'll pass.
absolutely foul. my last meal here -- albeit was at least 2 years ago-- but i detest this place so much i had to seek it out and write a review, consisted of a half a piece of stale toast with a spoonful of crabmeat sitting upon it and a cup of soup that tasted worse than a can of campbells-- the lentils were extremely underdone and were hard and powdery. the bottle of flavored tea they brought me was too sweet and costed about 4-5 bucks. 

places like this that feel like if they just tack on a high price tag -- that  people will be stupid enough to think the food is good, bug the hell out of me. i mean seriously -- the food has to be at least AVERAGE to do that. =P

all of two bites of stale bread and soup that i couldn't even swallow for fear of choking on a lentil and dying, for about $25+ for lunch. don't u just love LA pretention.
This is still the place to go for excellent ribeye. It's too big for one person, so my wife and I shared. The steak is prime quality, consistently cooked to the ordered temperature and seasoned perfectly. All there wines are available by the glass and served in a cruet.. They are listed by color and body, so selection is easy. Before our entree we had calamari which was uniquely and deliciously dressed.
Expensive, decadent, old-school steakhouse done right.  Tucked away between the Melting Pot and Cafe Japengo, you walk in and immediately feel like busting out a cigar.

Saturday night and the lights are low... and we walk in with no reservations, party of 5.  No problemo, they seat us in a big fat booth and the waiter is seriously just the nicest.  I think they really know how to train them there, because I was blown away by how down-to-earth he was.  Most waiters sorta just list off whatever is popular/expensive when you ask them what's good in THEIR opinion, but this guy just made me feel like, "Hey, it's alright that you're a noob here. I'll take care of ya even if you're not ordering any wine."

We scarfed down the celery/crisps with their signature wine-infused cheeses, seconds were gladly distributed.  The Mahi-Mahi had a divine mushroom sauce, Rib-Eye w/o Bone was excellent, but I have to say that the Fleming's Potatoes was a huge letdown, ick.  Also, its a bit boring to see absolutely NOTHING on a plate except a slab of meat and a few sprinkles of parsley.

Anyway, big portions, big price.  Next time I'm going in on a Sunday so I can get me a prime rib.  And try a cocktail or two.  And watch the waiters balance ten hot dinner plates on one arm (no trays ma!).  And steal more chocolate mints.

PS.  If you're a poor college kid like me, free parking in the Hyatt!  Just get validation.
I would have never gone to this place if it wasn't for Yelp.

I've been here twice, and both times were excellent. The people and the service are great. It's a perfect place to sit and read, do the crossword, or write a bit. It's everything I want in a neighborhood pub. If only it was in my neighborhood.

Apparently there is a nice selection of wines here. I don't know, but I enjoy their selection of beers. I nice strong Scottish Ale is a perfect ending to a long day.

The second time I was in there, I was talking to some other patrons when I was drunkly accosted (in a friendly, drunk way) by a large middle-aged gentleman who - in his surreal ranting - informed me that we were all "humble servants of reality." He was quickly cut off by the observant bartender, and eventually made his way out.

That kind of thing should happen every night in every bar.
I went to Bacaro tonight with 9 of my coworkers to celebrate life, food, and..

Restaurant Week 2012!

I ordered from the pre-fix menu.  I enjoyed all the food, the service, and the bustling atmosphere.  Bacaro is definitely fine dining.

Thanks for a fun night!
Best waffles I've ever had. Trust.

(Not sure about the rest of the menu, but the waffles are for sure top notch.)
Delicious food, very accommodating staff, an excellent place to dine!
Long waits at lunch.. Slowest service I've had in my life. Been here 1 hr still no food. Food was tasty, nothing special
It is so sad to think that there are people who will not eat pork. 

What a delightful restaurant, butressed by its over-achieving salumeria and wine bar.  The restaurant has an extensive menu.  But when I was presented with the list of meat's and cheeses available, I put down my menu, and picked up my pencil.  

You see, ordering here is a bit of a different experience.  Our waiter told us there are a lot of different kitchens and things come out at different times, when they are ready.  To order the deliious meats and cheeses, one must actually fill out a form.  Luckily, the waiter has an extra supply of golf pencils.

This ordering gambit can be a bit tricky, especially if you are with people who are interested in all sorts of different things.  

For me, a highlight was the thin cold slices of roast suckling pig.  I have no idea how they did it.  My guess is they deboned a whole baby pig, tied it up, and roasted it with herbs.  Then put the whole thing in their hand powered meat slicer.  

A little more education from the staff (a plate of 3 meats was dropped off without acknowledging what each one was), smaller portions of the gargantuan entrees (with slightly lower prices to match), and a slightly more accomodating ordering system would make this place unbeatable.

Oh, and the pizza is fantastic.  Just don't bring a child who loves pizza and think that THEY will be happy with pizza.  It's a bit rustic.  Thin and crispy and delicious.  But it doesn't LOOK like pizza.  After all the anticipation, when it came, the little one burst into tears.  Hearbreaking, truly.  Luckily the kiddo filled up on prosciutto.  

That's my boy.
This review is for happy hour! Mon - Fri, 5 - 7 PM, $5 for all food. Very very good deal. My friend and I got the bacon & brie pizza, bacaro burger, and the bacon mac & cheese. Everything was so tasty and went well with our drinks. 

However, we were so sad to find out that the roasted eggplant pizza was not available because eggplants are not in season.

See you in the winter, Bacaro LA. I'm coming back for that pizza!
In general, some of the food is really nice, some of the sides are unfortunately too buttery and salty, and I could think of better ways to spend $100, although there are some dishes definitely worth getting.

Lamb here is really yummy, but I actually REALLY disliked the sides it came with. I actually love butter and salt, but the carrots and broccoli were drenched in so much butter and salt it was like they were trying so hard to cancel out the health benefits of the veggies. :(

The first bite I had of the duck entree was so flavorful, almost perfect. I couldn't really eat too much more, though, since I don't particularly appreciate the really dark meat aftertaste that duck has sometimes.

The calamari appetizer actually wasn't really my thing. The squid came in long, unbattered strips over some kind of rice. It was interesting but nothing special.

And I really wish I didn't have to say this, but I'm not too impressed by the chocolate lava cake! :/ The ice cream it came with was a little icy, and the cake just a bit wet/mushy. I think I would have just preferred a nice chewy brownie made from mix topped with haagen dazs.

Love the waitstaff, though! Very pleasant and helpful.
Shay's offers all the features you could want in an Irish themed dive establishment:

Beer/Wine only.  Check.

Edible bar food.  Check.

Dirt cheap.  Check.

Basement.  Double check.

Great little home town bar with minimal frills and a laid back crowd.
I struggled with remaining objective about Eno the entire time I was there. I am a fan of Top Chef, and this is actually how Eno wound up on my radar. Because I have been watching him all season long, I had basically already made up my mind that dining at Eli Kirshtein's midtown restaurant was going to be an experience that I should look forward to, and I was excited to finally get to try out his food.  Perhaps it was these elevated expectations that left me slightly disappointed.

Having read Eli's tweets about the Shigoku oysters that he had just procured, and watched RowdyFood's video on the subject, I knew before I arrived that I had to try these out. And after sucking down a six of these bad boys on the half shell, I realized what all of the hype was about. 

The flavor is clean, light, mildly briny, and delicious. Being an oyster enthusiast, I had to try them, and I was not disappointed. These were served with a light topping of pimento pepper. Though I didn't really pick up much flavor from the pimento pepper condiment, I preferred it that way, because it allowed the oyster to remain the star of the dish.

    The other two apps that we ordered were the Rougie Foie Gras Terrine w/ corn sorbet, corn madelines, and blueberry, and the Prosciutto and melon sorbet. I enjoyed both of these dishes immensely.

The foie gras was well executed, and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the corn sorbet as an accompaniment. I found myself trying to sop up as much blueberry as I could, because the flavor wasn't all that concentrated, but that was a minor issue. I do love all things foie and this dish actually inspired me to try my hand at cooking some fatty duck liver myself this weekend, but that is a post for another day. Though I have always had a preference for foie gras that has been seared, this was cooked sous vide, which really allowed the rich, luxurious flavor of the foie gras to come through in all of its fatty glory.

The Prosciutto and melon sorbet was excellent, though I can't say that I was terribly surprised by this, as it is one of the most time-tested flavor combinations around. So, it wouldn't be fair for me to criticize this dish for being a "safe" choice, because that is exactly why we ordered it. As long as high quality prosciutto is used, you are almost always guaranteed to enjoy it. I thought that the use of melon sorbet instead of actual pieces of fruit was a nice twist.

So, on to the portion of the meal that I wasn't exactly ecstatic about - my main course. I definitely brought my appetite with me that evening, and considering that they were sold out of the short rib ravioli, I opted for the Painted Hills Ribeye served with pan fried chicken of the woods mushrooms, turnips, beets, blue cheese foam, and (according to my notes) "awesome sauce". I obviously didn't write down what was in the sauce, but it was basically a jus reduction of some sort and was tasty as hell.

The problems that I had with this dish were not due to the flavors, which I was extremely pleased with, but the execution. The steak tasted great, had a good crust/char on the outside, the mushrooms were good, and the sauce was "awesome". But the ribeye was served Delmonico style, which can mean many different things nowadays. It was two heart cuts of ribeye tied together with butchers twine, and looked more like a very thick filet mignon. I always prefer a straight up, or preferably, bone-in ribeye. The steak was still moist and packed with the fatty goodness you come to expect from a ribeye, but the choice of preparation obviously made cooking it more of a challenge. I'm not squeamish about the temp for my steaks, and ALWAYS order them medium rare. But this steak was so thick that only about 75% of it was medium rare and the center was just straight up rare. Granted, I still ate all of it, but I have to point out that it wasn't as cooked as it should have been.

Also, there were no beets on the plate. None. Now, this didn't really take away from the dish all that much, but it annoyed me on principal. I mean, beets are kind of easy to identify. After sifting through every turnip and mushroom on the plate, I couldn't spot a single beet anywhere. Not a huge deal, but come on....

At the end of the day, I still had a good meal there, and will probably return again. The menu had a lot of interesting dishes that we didn't get to try (supposedly the octopus and watermelon is revolutionary, according to the table next to us). Realistically, had I not been watching Eli on Top Chef for the last few months I might not be as forgiving for some of the slip-ups, but I am still confident that the man knows what he is doing in the kitchen. He seems to have taken Eno in a good direction and having been at the helm for less than a year, I'm looking forward to where he goes next.
Another great place that is unfortunately located too far downtown for me to frequent. An interesting selection of wines and really good food. Especially if you go for their brunches(fried egg on top a burger is fantastic if you have a low cholesterol). It's a super cool, young, and hip place to check out. And it's owned and run by a young college grad. Not too shabby.
We've been here for happy hour ( crowded, but a decent deal ), as well as for regular dinner ( often slow, you get steak, though ) and most recently for a wine tasting.

The deal was this: twenty wines and some apps.  Twenty five dollars.  It was scheduled to last for an hour and a half in their little back room - basically sold out with maybe thirty folks signed up.

The $25 was not inclusive of tax, and I believe I heard the hostess mention to a couple in line to pay before us that it was also exclusive of tip ... which is another discussion entirely.  Anyway, we paid more than a dollar a piece for a bunch of small pours of wine, which can be worth it, or not, I suppose.

The wines were poured by the guy in charge of the wine program for the restaurant ( they get to choose some number of wines to offer by the glass, and some number are dictated by the mothership in Southern California; they are owned ultimately by the same company that owns Outback, if it makes any difference ).  We did get some commentary from the wine guy and the tasting was more or less free-form.  They provided a sheet of wine descriptions on which to take notes ( though no pens ), but it was mostly full of back-of-the-bottle lists of possible hints of flavors you might or might not taste if you were lucky.

Appetizers consisted of some steak skewers, crab cakes and little potato/sour cream hors d'oeuvres.  The problem was that these were offered so infrequently and in such low quantity as to be inadequate for clearing the palate between wines.  They were pretty high quality - lots of crab in the crab cake, and the steak skewers varied between excellent and somewhat chewy.  The food also was not well-chosen to go with the several white wines included with the tasting ... but that didn't really matter because it was so difficult to come by.

We eventually requested some bread, which they were happy to provide, but which was a sort of garlic-encrusted thing with a couple of dips.  Again, not suitable for a serious wine tasting.

So - we got our wines, and we did get to taste the appetizers, and it took us pretty much the entire hour and a half allotted to the event.  In the end, my main beef is with the uncivilized nature of it all.  $25 is an awful lot for a wine tasting with no flat surface to set down your glass and very little food to accompany it.  It seemed more oriented toward fulfilling some sort of corporate mandate rather than providing a positive experience for a group of paying customers.
Sad Anniversary Dinner:
My husband and I decided to go to ENO for our 10th wedding anniversary. We came here after our wedding reception 10 years ago (so it seemed appropriate given the occasion) and we remember it being a cool wine bar with lots of fun wine selections. We were seated inside -- all other tables around us were empty. Our server comes and asks us what kind of water we want and gives us 3 menus. One is a drink menu with a few wines by the glass...all very basic and limited...so where's the complex and fun wine list I saw on the website? Is this place not a wine bar anymore? I probably should have asked our server what the deal was, but decided to order a glass off this list and move on. Our server delivers our water and scurries away without taking our drink order. And we wait... She came back finally and says "ready to order". Um yeah, I'm ready to order a drink. I order a glass of wine. My husband orders a non-alcoholic beer and she says "sir you don't want that, it's non-alcoholic." Um, yeah actually he does want that. It was awkward. She seemed clueless. Drink order needs to come first, before food order and don't make a scene if your customer orders an NA beer. It's on your menu, so? Drinks come (not quickly) and she asks again if we're ready to order. I am vegetarian and ask if they have any entre options (none listed on the menu). The food menu also puzzled us because it was much smaller than online, no cheese, no "warm tastes," nothing veg. Also missing are the recommended wine parings that are on the menu shown on the website? She says they have a wonderful veggie plate--not listed on the menu, and since that's my only option, I order it. Husband gets mussels to start and a pork entree. Mussels come about 15 minutes later. Wine glass empty, start to request another, but server walks away. Sat with empty glass until husband was almost done...no server asking how everything is, nothing. Had to flag her down. Plate with broth and shells sits on our table for 20 minutes! Hate that. You've got to clear the plates out of the way, not let them sit forever. Another 30 minutes go by. Server while walking by says "your food will be out in a minute." Another 15 minutes later our entrees come out. Veg plate was: One half of a small onion that looked grilled (um? an onion?), some green sauce sitting on a corner of the plate, a small drop of mashed potatoes on some leaks with two tiny carrots on top, a few pieces of broccoli and cauliflower. Seriously, like maybe 8 small bites of food total. I take a bite of the broccoli, COLD, seriously freezing. I take a bite of the potatoes same thing COLD. Husband takes a bite of his pork and reports that it's barely warm. So I have to flag down our server again. I tell her that it's cold and she puts her hand near the plate. I say "no really, touch it" she does and says "I believe you" ummm, odd reaction. She seemed mad and snatches away my plate and my empty wine glass at the same time. Husband says his meat is cold and seems more like ham than roasted pork. Same animal, I know, but it was congealed in texture. We regret not sending that back too, but we're trying to salvage the night. She brings back my veggie plate, and it's the same plate of food...I know that I asked her to touch the food, but ummmm thinking you might remake it....nope. The plate was hot and burned my hand, food was slightly warmer, but still cold. Still no wine...was I being cut off after 2 glasses? Manager (Vini) comes over to our table to ask how everything is. I tell him "not good". Food cold, service colder and odd, I also tell him that our server took my wine glass away, has not asked me if I want another or even come back to the table. I also tell him that it's our 10th anniversary so he would understand our disappointment. Nope. He was nice, but clueless about what he should do. Hey Vini, here's what you do. You comp my meal - tell us that you're doing it, then have a glass of wine brought to the table to smooth things over. That's what you do when the service and food have been as seriously lacking as this. He mumbles something and leaves. Server comes back several minutes later. She tells us that the manager had "made an adjustment to the check". I'm thinking that he at least comped my meal...um, nope. He took a random $13 off the check...the total bill was still almost $100. Oh yeah, our server said this to us when she dropped off the check "I'm sorry tonight didn't go as you had planned," wtf...ummm here's what I had planned: 1. Great (or at least good) wine menu from a restaurant that specializes in wine 2. Good (or at least adequate) service 3. Food that was hot, or at least warm. No, Nope and Nah. UGH! Horrible meal, horrible service AND it took 2 hours for the whole ordeal! One positive note...LOVED the valet guys. They asked us how dinner was and we told them the truth. They were so funny and nice...made us laugh which we needed.
Came here on a Sunday to enjoy their Sunday prime rib special and let me tell you........... It is a great deal!!! I came here 6 or 7 years ago and LOVED their rib eye. Liked it so much the last time that I ate here 2 nights in a row. The second night was just as good.

Fast forward 6 years later and it's still good..........just not great. It wasn't as good as I remembered. Still............ It isl a lot better than most steak houses and I like this place because of the history. It's located across the street from the Hyatt in La Jolla where I stayed at last time for my company's conference. The service was excellent (Disney was a fantastic server..........yupe my server's name was Disney), the food came out in a timely manner, the chocolate lava cake was incredible, almost as good as Morton's. 

The Sunday prime rib special is only for the month of July and August. The meal comes with a side, salad, and dessert. We got this special and split the rib eye. Also had the mushroom porcine ravioli. It was OK. For 10 dollars.........I would probably skip it next time. The asparagus was a little too charred that made it a little bitter. The portobello and button mushrooms is a must to get but it was missing some type of herb, maybe rosemary?

The prime rib is a good quality, higher grade slice of beef. However, I've been to Lawry's and House of Prime rib, so my standards are just a bit higher. So, compared to my other experiences with prime rib houses, it is good just not comparable to that of what I'm accustomed to. 

I have tried other Flemings and this is the best one.
Awesome gourmet pizza. Pizza e Vino on Monday's is something everyone should experience (5 or so different slices of gourmet pizza with an optional wine flight to accompany). Menu is cool and the wine list is well planned out. Space is somewhat small but the pizza will make you forget where you are.
I ordered the filet mignon with the Fleming's potatoes and was sadly disappointed. I ordered medium-rare, but the the steak was dry and the outside was tough. The reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because of the dessert. The pistachio-flavored chocolate lava cake. I dream about this cake. I fantasize about this cake.  For this cake, I'd be willing to give the steaks another try.
Great place for a bottle of wine and tapas. Great owners who pay real attention to their patrons. Can be a bit loud during the school year but absolutely the best place to be during summer and winter break. Highly recommended! Great prices too.
Places like this, makes LA....LA. Came here with my girlfriend to use our Groupon deal right before they were closing. Very small place, but food, service, and vibe was AMAZING!Never felt rush to leave, was even asked if we wanted anything else when there was no one left in the place. Burger, roasted garlic bruchette, scallops, and roasted garlic pizza was all delliiccciooussss!
My wife and I have been to many nice steakhouses for special events for both ourselves and friends, and this place ranks up there with one of the better ones we've been.  I had a perfectly done medium rare NY Strip, with a nice crispy crust which was great.  We've had both the mushroom fries which are pretty good (my mom loves em, and my wife thought were pretty good).  The Flemings salad we had was very good, and their onion rings are great I think.  The service was excellent (but have been told it can be too attentive at times), and for my dad's birthday, they brought out a nice desert, and a card with most of the staff's signatures which was a nice touch.  It is a bit pricey, but would go again.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. The neighborhood is a bit shady, but the food is amazing!!!! Great tapas for $7 or $ during happy hour. And it gourmet people! The burger with the yummy sauce on brioche bread, with and egg over easy, the bacon pizza, the steak, and even the honey thyme chicken. Everything is outstanding! And they have many different wines to try. I wouldn't do the Sunday all you can eat beefsteak though. Less gourmet, lots of potato's and lots of bread. Less meat. Everything else is an A++++. It's not romantic, it's just amazing gourmet grub for an outstanding price! Great job guys!
nice place. great atmosphere. menu is limited but the food is good. great breads to get started.  worth trying.
UH-MAZING! Who knew that Bacaro was just around the corner??

I've been looking for a cozy and classy place like this one! And hooray! Its in my South Central neighborhood! :)

Affordable prizes, super friendly service! (Danny the owner is very nice and very cute!)

I had a lovely time here the night of my first Art Exhibit next door at the Ragazzi Room! http://www.yelp.com/biz/ragazzi-room-los-angeles#hrid:iNUweC1D3G3ZtaL_a-axww

I love their bruschette with roasted garlic!

I want to come back and try out one of their awesome all you can eat sunday steak brunches!
We came here for their Valentine Day special, overall was a great experience. We were late for our reservation but we were still seated in less than 10 mins.  The service was superb. Danielle, our waitress was very pleasant and sincere...not pretentious like other places. Thank you Danielle. Their Filet Mignon was by far the best we've had, it was cooked to perfection just how we requested for it. Our order got lost in the kitchen and made us wait longer than usual... the manager and our waitress were very apologetic. In the end, they took care of everything...I mean everything. We will definitely come back here and work on their rib eye
HAPPY HOUR Review Only:

For HH stick to the BURGER! Don't get anything else because it's not worth it. They have a bomb burger for $6. The onion rings that come with the burger is delish!! Definitely top 5. The batter is very light so you can actually taste the onion versus just straight up batter.

We also ordered the Ahi Tuna & Calamari and we could've totally done without it. Next time I know not to order these. I read from previous reviews to order the calamari with the sauce on the side, which we did [Thanks Yelp]. But the calamari had no flavor to it. The tuna came with a wasabi sauce which was absolutely disgusting. I had to ask for lemon and soy sauce which made it taste better, but not by a lot.

I do want to come here and dry their dinner menu, but when it comes to their HH, like I said stick to the BURGER!

4 Stars for the burger, 3 Stars for overall experience.
HAPPY HOUR 5-7PM, 7 DAYS A WEEK. $6 prime burger with fries is all I really come here for. Baked brie is great as well. Seating around the bar may take a while to find. Come right on time to grab one or order a drink and wait it out.
Cute, good wine, decent food. I think the romantic ambiance is damaged by the fact that its in a strip mall. My risotto was tasty if not abundant, Boyfriend had a pretty good pizza. We asked for a South African Pinotage and our server delivered. We came here because we had a restaurants.com coupon and may be back. Best head to Specs if you're just purchasing vino though.
Strange location; however, decent wine-beer bar.

I went to their year anniversary (which was overcrowded but cheap) and got very loopy by help of a red wine from Portugal. :)
It's small, but cute and I'm sure but perfect for a small group to have a nice quiet night.

Wine selection and desgin very intriguing I must admit.  Diverse crowd, young USC students in sandals to mature wine affectionados.

Good overall.  Any place with flavorful wine is good in my book, but then again, I don't remember everything that night.  Good sign. :)
4 stars for the food, but 5 stars for the atmosphere!

First of all, let me just say that this restaurant is beautiful.  High ceilings, exposed wooden beams, and amazing views of either the river and downtown or the bustling kitchen makes this a really lovely place to spend an evening.  The first floor has the bar, but if you go for dinner, I'd definitely request a table on the second floor which seemed more lively to me (plus, that's where the kitchen is!).

Bacaro has a huge menu of salads, charcuterie, pastas, pizzas, fish, meats, desserts, etc., and also a tapas menu filled with a ton of different small bites.  We came here for the restaurant week prix fixe, but we just couldn't resist trying one of the tapas dishes.  They all looked so good!  We decided on the duck breast with blueberry chutney on toasted brioche.  It was amazing.  Loved every bite.  

Our other food was good, but not as delicious as the duck breast.  I had the pasta con i fungi (basically pasta with poached egg + mushrooms + cheese + butter) which was served perfectly al dente.  Future husband had the crispy chicken over pasta fagioli which was decent but a little bland.  

For dessert we had the doughnuts filled with a Nutella type sauce and the quince and apple crisp with caramel ice cream.  The crisp, which came out piping hot, was by far the better dessert.

We will definitely be coming back to Bacaro, but next time I think we'll stick to the tapas menu!
Very, very small.  If there's a wait, I would go elsewhere. The food is a good blend of choices and wine was moderate. The service a bit lacking but we were there when all tables were full and only one server. I can't give it more stars because I probably would not go back.
Okay, so the other night my guy and I celebrated our 4 year anniversary at Fleming's and it was out of this world. As two lovers of fine things and of spending money that we shouldn't be spending, we decided to go all out. I had a delish dirty martini from the bar and at dinner we ordered the cheapest bottle of red wine that they had to offer, and it was mighty fine. Our service was very good, and our waiter even congratulated us on our anniversary (a nice touch). 
For my main entree I had the filet, which was mouth-watering and cooked just the way I had described. We ordered three sides: the macaroni and cheese, sauteed spinach, and blue cheese mashed potatoes, which I highly recommend. After dinner one of the chefs came out and offered us a box of complimentary truffles to thank us for celebrating our big day with them. It was unreal. I've never experienced this before, even at the classiest of restaurants. The truffles were also really yummy and, to be perfectly honest, we finished them in the car ride on the way home. My only complaint for an otherwise ultra-romantic experience was that we showed up on time for our reservations but then had to wait about 20 minutes for our table because they were running so behind. Since we were mid-celebration I was more relaxed than usual but under any other circumstance this probably would have bothered me.
Happy hour is always great and we have had several family dinners that were great . Service in  is either great or very slow.
My wifey and I went to Fleming's for the first time to check out their $99 Memorable Meal for Two - complete 3-course dinner which included lobster bisque, filet mignon & Australian lobster tail, green beans, and pear/blueberry tart with vanilla ice cream. We also added the mac & cheese. Everything we ate was awesome, our waitress Natalie was very nice, and the overall restaurant was outstanding. I highly recommend!
Had a casual dinner with work colleagues here on Thursday night. The meals I chose were very nice. Started with a very well balanced salad followed by an amazing steak. My gauge for a good steak is their ability to deliver a medium cooked steak and they did not dissapoint. The only complain I had was the service. Our waiter was very knowleadgable and helpful. The issue was that he was too attentive. Good service should be such that you do not notice it and you are not interrupted by it. In this case his eagerness to serve interrupted us. Overall though if this is the only comaint I have I think it is a good one. Will definitely come again.
I think this is one of the best wine bars in Southeastern Michigan. Great selections, great food, and fantastic service make this  a spot not to be missed! I was most pleased with my experience here and will return!!!
Bacaro was delicious. This review is long overdue, I went right before Thanksgiving when my friend came up from San Diego.
The place is pretty interesting. If I recall correctly there are nice wooden tables with ottomans on the outer edges and then the seating against the walls was just one long restaurant booth styled bench. 
Anyway,
The dishes were delicious. 
The first couple of dishes we tried were the scallops and the artichoke hearts. 
Both very good.
What stood out the most to me there was the shrimp and the pork belly.
Both plates were so well made and cooked perfectly.
The char on the pork belly skewers was perfect. And the meat itself was succulent. 
I'm drooling at the thought of it.
They've got a good deal there too, 3 plates for $21.
The only thing I was disappointed in was the Mac & Cheese. The cheeses sounded interesting, but it wasn't as bold or rich as I expected.

I'm not to great at reviews.
T_T
But I know what I like. And I'd definitely recommend this place.
I like this place a lot but it is best during the summer evenings when you can land an outdoor table.  great beer and wine selections to boot.
"5 for $6 `til 7-pm", what a catchy slogan!
Their happy hour special is truly worth a try, especially for all us college students with not-so-deep pockets! :)

Happy hour is usually seated around the bar, and it does get kind of crowded if you go during popular dinner hours. When my big sis and I went around 5:30 it wasn't too busy, but the tables on the side were all taken so we ended up having to sit at the bar. 

Picking up their menu, I was really surprised at the fact that they have a pretty decent selection of appetizers and drinks that you can order from. We ended up sharing a sweet chili calamari appetizer and we each got a Fleming's prime burger to indulge our guilty delights. 

The calamari appetizer was delicious! Not only was it sweet & tangy, the portion size was generous!! I would definitely recommend!

Next up was our burgers. The patty was juicy and nicely cooked, and that thick strip of bacon just made it that much better! Drizzle the sauce over it and mmmmmmmmm....... (om nom nom nom)

All thanks to my big sis who took me here for an early dinner last Tuesday, this place has officially made my "I-don't-know-what-to-cook-tonight-let's-eat-out!" restaurant list. I definitely suggest you go HERE to enjoy a satisfying meal at a nice restaurant without leaving a large dent in your wallet! Delicious AND big portions, what more can you ask for?? :D
I stumbled across this place last week at Standford.. To my surprise, it was a very nice trip.

We order the calamari for a starter.  Lightly breaded and served with just the right amount of "chili sauce" already on it.  The sauce could be a bit spicier and I prefer more "rings" to the "tentacles"... This was mostly tentacles.  But hey.. it's calamari right??

I ordered the bone in Double Cut Pork Chop... WOW.. Wonderful  Prepared PERFECTLY... DELICIOUS!  My girlfriend had a small filet which she ordered well done...  So she ruined it.. not them.


We had sides of mushrooms and  "chipotle" mac & cheese.  It was good, but again... A little light on the chipotle... tasted like just good mac and cheese to me.

I don't make it down to Palo Alto all that much, but will go out of my way to get to Fleming's when I am next time!
After watching so many "the perfect steak" youtube videos in one day, eventually I have to satisfy my self-inflicted torment. While Gordon Ramsay may know the secrets to a great steak, Flemings could use some help. I came here on a girl date with my best friend for the filet mignon and lobster tail special. A 10 oz filet with a small lobster tail for 39.95 is actually a fabulous deal but the meat was pretty dry for my medium standard. And while Brian, the server was pretty amazing with refilling our bread, the only thing worth the 39.95 were the potatoes and mac and cheese. In fact, I came back the following week strictly for the potatoes. Who goes to a steak place and just orders potatoes and no meat? vegetarians and me. I will say the three stars go to the water boy that filled up my water glass maybe every 20 seconds so it was full to the brim every time I reached for a sip. It's a great ambiance and great service but the food itself was pretty bland.
Yes, you will like this place.
Even if you don't drink.
Sit outside on the patio, with a friend.
Sit outside on the patio, with a stranger.

It don't matter.
Just enjoy the patio.

With a burger and fries.
And a beverage of your choosing.

Service is good!
Melissa is happy!
I have passed this place on walks many a time and it is always packed in the outdoor area.  Yesterday the weather was beautiful so we decided to walk to Harvard square and grab some quick bites to eat.  We sat inside since the outside was packed and a little smokey.  Had two great small plates, one was a nice hummus, veggie and pita bread platter, and the other was a baked brie platter.  There is only one waitress for the whole place but she is pretty quick and was friendly so we didn't mind.  I'd love to come back and hang for longer and get some cocktails on another nice night.
Came here for my celebratory graduation dinner with my family.

Service = 5 STARS!! Leslie was our server and super attentive and friendly. I wanted gravy sauces for my filet mignon and she quickly came over when she saw me looking around (trying to grab her attention). Explained the different sauces they had, her fav., and brought me two.

We ordered
- Lobster bisque - Definitely very rich tasting, good for someone who likes strong flavors. Lobster meat pieces and a big crouton.  A+!! 
- Crab cakes appetizer - standard; came in 2 pieces but that was enough to split between the 4-5 of us.
- Shrimp Scampi - no comment because I did not try this one. My mom liked it though. Comes with squash, shrimp and noodles I believe in a cream sauce.
- Prime Rib - Medium - My dad thought it was a little overdone with the pepper/seasoning but otherwise, cooked nicely. I tried it and personally liked it with that much seasoning. A-/B+?
- Peppercorn Prime Rib - I love peppercorn flavored things, so of course I thought this was delicious. Comes with a orange sauce to dip your beef in. Do not remember what it was called, but it's a little tangy-spicy. Also comes with some asparagus - I love asparagus!
- Lite Filet Mignon - Medium rare. Cooked perfectly just the way I like it. Ask for Peppercorn glaze/sauce and the other - forget the name - but it's creamy/light-colored, kind of like a Hollandaise sauce. If you describe it, I'm sure they'll know what you're talking about.
- Lambchops - Good.
- Side of potatoes - cooked special, the Fleming's way or something like that. SO GOOD. First, I love potatoes. Second, I love cheese. It's sliced potatoes baked with two cheeses; the second cheese being a layer of cheddar blanketing the sliced potatoes. I had the leftovers of these today, so good. 
- Creamy spinach side - Basically spinach with cream. You should get bread to eat with this; tastes weird for me personally without it.

I love the cheesy bread sticks they give you as appetizers before you eat. I had to stop myself from filling my stomach with these or I would've ruined my appetite!! Two spreads - a hollandaise, creamy white sauce and a sun dried tomato one that is slightly sour/tomato-y and slightly spicy. SO GOOD. Esp cuz I'm a carbs kind of person haha. 

Other details: 
I reserved a table via Yelp using OpenTable. Waited only 3-4 minutes to be seated when I arrived (a couple minutes early to my reservation).

Parking - confusing. Not sure where self-parking was in that complex b/c a sign directed me towards "self-parking" but there was... no lot/place for me to go to. Ended up finding street parking 5 minutes later so I was indifferent about that. They offer valet service otherwise but it's cool, I can survive finding my own parking haha. 

Ambiance - Dim lighting; medium noise level. PERFECT for a romantic date! (In fact, couple next to us was celebrating their birthday or something). They also have booth seating in addition to table seating. There's a bar, maybe 2, I forget and some TVs at the bars.. if I remember correctly. 

Pricing - for everything we ordered (above), total was 264$ which ended up totaling to 300$ ish after tip. Not bad !! for the food quality, service, and atmosphere. One more note: We were served all our food/ate, etc. within an hour! Great! Loved the prompt service/how quickly food came out (so you don't have to be in one those restaurants where you're waiting TOO long that you get cranky or you're overwhelmed with being served too much food at once -- where do I begin to eat?!)

Would recommend!!
Wine bar close to USC.  Who would have thought.  I thought college students only drink beer and wine coolers...

I can tell this place was used by the USC frat duch to get laid.  As well as it should.  A rustic but classy atmosphere.  I'm a fan of the chalk on the wall.  Great job whomever did that.

Wine, not bad.  A good selection, but not enough "New World Wines."  I ended up trying wines by the glass.  I wished the had flights.  I assume the drunk college idiot deters from the flight idea.

The food looked good, but sadly I didn't digest dinner yet to eat.  I guess there's always something for next time.

Great service, good wine, and love the ambiance.  If I'm stuck in the USC area again, I'm most diffidently dropping by.
Went here for the first time with a couple of friends for a few beers.  Great dive with a good crowd.  Good beer selection.  They had Lagunitas IPA as well as a 22oz bomber of Lagunitas Maximus for $12.  Outdoor patio for relaxing and a typical basement bar with a small bathroom with stuff written everywhere.  Def going back to try the burgers.
Found divinity in small plate eggplant stuffed with ground lamb!

Chef was kind enough to let me put in an order for a grilled pizza after last call. I'd missed the small plate concept and was hungry after devouring the delectable but diminutive mousaka inspired eggplant.  The pizza madea comlete meal, note the Margherita is a straight-up cheese pizza lacking the conspicuous fresh mozarella slabs, saucy sauce, and basil- still a convenient way to fill up if you're dining alone like I was.  I've grilled pizzas and was delighted to see the parallel grill lines on the bottom of the crust.  If you've not tried this style of pizza jump into it.

Good beer and wine selections.

Vibalicious atmosphere and crowd sharing communal tables - patrons range from USC undergrads to couples in their 40s and 60s.

Staff looks way cooler than I am but they were also gracious and delightful.

Thank you Yelp for your Nearby searches.  I found Bacaro L.A. looking for a place close to the Natural History night that was open as First Friday's was winding down.

Bacaro L.A. you rock!
Fleming's is Palo Alto's answer to an "upscale" steakhouse. Although it certainly tries hard to convey an "upscale" image (with small details such as monogrammed paper towels in the ladies' room), the service was anything but.

SERVICE - 2 stars - To begin with, we were ignored for most of the evening and spend about half an hour trying to flag someone down to refill our empty water glasses. Secondly, since our table had originally been set for 4 (and we were a party of 2), our waitress decided to remove 2 extra place settings....however, she removed the wrong plates (leaving our bread plate on the right). Even I know that your bread plate goes on the left. I would have expected the staff at an "upscale" steak restaurant to know at least this much. In the middle of our meal, before we were actually done with the bread, someone came by and actually took our bread plates away. (Hello! There is still plenty of bread sitting in the basket. Why would you come and take our plates away?) I also felt like our waitress kept trying to pressure us to order more initially. When we didn't, she stopped paying as much attention to our table. Overall, it was definitely not the caliber of service you'd expect (given the menu prices and the type of restaurant Fleming's is trying to be). Perhaps some etiquette classes (and a refresher on place settings) for the wait staff are in order.  

FOOD:

Peppercorn Steak (NY Strip) - 4 stars - My steak itself was actually quite good. I loved the peppercorn seasoning on the NY strip, although it did get a bit TOO salty after I was about 1/3 of the way through. The F17 sauce (supposedly their house special) was nothing to write home about, however, and tasted like glorified ketchup. I thought my steak tasted better without it.  It also came with about 5 measly green beans (better than nothing, I suppose, considering that the other steaks don't come with any sides).

Ribeye - 4 stars - I also got to try my boyfriend's ribeye. It was well seasoned (if not a bit over-seasoned), but tasted great when reheated the next day. It didn't come with any sides, though.

I'd consider giving Fleming's more stars if they actually had decent service. Total bill = $110+ for 2... not bad for the food, but I'd have expected decent service for that amount.
This is hands down my favorite bar in Harvard Square. Having lived in Venice Beach and NYC before moving to Cambridge, Shay's reminds of of the faux grungy bars that I loved in my former homes.

Beer or Wine, no hard alcohol. Simple and to the point, I like it.

Greasy food. Simple and to the point. 

Cozy Atmosphere in the bottom of a building. 

Outdoor seating is the highlight if you're there in the spring or summer.. Only 4 or 5 tables, so they're tough to get but totally worth it. 

Only bad thing is that this is definitely not a good date place... Not a very romantic atmosphere :)
My BF and I went for a Sunday jazz brunch to Napa Valley Grille. It's in our neighborhood so we didn't have to bother about parking. If you come with your car you might have to do valet parking as parking is very limited in Westwood.

If you go for Brunch you can order small plates which are mostly around 4/5 bucks. We had different kinds of eggs benedict, chicken sausages as well as a small portion of the Turkey bolognese. Everything was really good but the service was really bad! We had to wait for so long to get our drinks and the server wasn't very attentive in general. Luckily, the food was great and I wouldn't say it was too expensive since you also pay for location and atmosphere.

We were by far the youngest so if you want to escape from a place packed with UCLA students you should definitely go for a Sunday brunch.
This place has a great happy hour which can be enjoyed in the bar or out on the patio (there are plenty of heat lamps for when it's chilly). Also their brunch is very good and inexpensive, only $5 for an omelet!
Very clean and modern style restaurant. I would say it's more of an appetizers and wine type place than a sit down and have a meal type place. The food portions are small, but well done and delicious. 

I had the carpaccio, which was flavorful and light. Each bite was fresh and delicious. For my second course I had the gulf shrimp with pollenta cake. The shrimp were particularly salty, but paired with the pollenta gave you a perfect bite. 

Parking was a pain, and the prices were kind of high. Like I said, next time I will just come for happy hour and appetizers.
Much the same vein and genre as Sundance, big ass hunks of meat at a big ass price. That said good service and an overall nice ambiance. 

Our waiter was really chatty and efficient, was super keen and eager to be a part of our experience, almost thought he was going to join us. We had the lobster tempura to start, which was a good effort, not the cleanest dish to eat but great taste and a good batter. For main we took a Petit Fillet and a Double thick Pork cutlet. Both perfectly cooked and "man sized" portions, the side of mash if anything over whipped and the baked potato nicely done.

One curious blunder on their part, even explained by the waiter was the bread croutes and celery sticks placed down on arrival. Accompanied by what looked to be a couple of dips, which made sense. It turns out the chef in their wisdom has replaced one with a dressed butter? Weird and slightly sickening after not knowing and eating big dollops of pure fat. Either communication or a rethink is needed!

Dinner for 2 with a reasonable bottle of wine and tip $185, so not cheap, but if you are wanting a big piece of meat it fits the bill!
Best seats at Shay's:

the stone and concrete walkway on the right side.  Never get squished in at a table.  From here you can pretend to check IDs or ask for a cover charge from first timers.  Easy for the wait staff to replenish drinks and food.  Room to stretch out your legs.  No need to ever go inside; well, until nature or sister Winter calls.
Happy hour makes me oh so happy.

Decided to come here to eat happy hour offerings as dinner. Risky gamble, I know. Gf was enticed by the mention of mac n cheese, so off we went. Looks pretty classy from the outside. Its no different on the inside.

Happy hour area is a tiny section at the front of the restaurant. They offer a limited selection of beers (bottled), lots of different wines (duh), and a surprisingly good food selection.

Fish tacos are actually pretty good here. Great sauce and crispy yet soft fish. Mmmmmmm. Fish tacos.
The Yelp reviews don't lie.  Seriously, this place is amazing. I've been raving to anyone who will listen for the past three days.

I was in charge of planning a double-date hangout this Friday, and after scouring Yelp for places, found Bacaro.  Incredible. The decor is awesome, the food amazing.  Every dish that came out (and we ordered a lot- the 3 for $20 dishes is such a deal) got 'oohs' and 'aahhs' and repeatedly, 'holy shit-you HAVE to try this.' We hung out for an hour or two laughing and talking and indulging-  it was an awesome night, and Bacaro was the perfect hangout.  Two couples, a bottle of wine, and enough delicious food to make us more than happy came to under $50 a couple. My new favorite place!!
I came here a while back on a friday night because I had bought a groupon. When we got here, the place was really small but we still liked the space. It was filled with SC and downtown hipsters, but the vibe was good. 

one entire wall is chalkboard with their extensive wine/beer menu.  So we ordered some drinks while we waited. 

The food is all small plates items. The open-face burger was cooked very well, but i'm not sure I'm a fan of the pizza. We also ordered some cheese appetizers and scallops. Overall, I'd return again and try some other things on their menu.
This was my second time at Fleming's tonight and all I can say is wow. Went with my fiance for our 6th anniversary and they went above and beyond.  We showed up an hour before our reservation, they gave us an excellent table, two glasses of champagne, and even gave us a 3 layer chocolate cake on the house. The staff was solid. Everybody helping everybody, things were taken care of.Just going to get this out of the way, the bread and butter was sooooo goooood... I can't even begin to describe the awesomeness that is their butter. I got the Sunday prime rib special and it was amazing. Meat was cooked perfectly!! Literally dissolved in my mouth it was so tender. The sauces were each unique and provided a wide variety of flavors, the creamy horseradish in particular. My fiance got the sole both times it's so good. Cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside and flakes apart on the inside. It has a wide variety of wines to compliment anything on the menu. This place gets 5 stars without a doubt.
yessssss, another free meal at a top-notch steakhouse .. i apparently get REALLY lucky with these offers HAHA.

yeah, there are a lot of fake boobies and pretentious looking douchebags in here .. definitely a sign that i'm among the elite. 

this place is dark as hell inside, so i couldn't get a very good view of the double D's at the table across from us, so that is minus 1 star .. (kidding, of course)

i like the triple dipping sauce effect. this place is pretty damn good from what i remember of it ....... crappp, my boss just came out of his office so now i must end this review ..
One of my favorites in Princeton.  Cozy restaurant in Palmer Square featuring affordable, but interesting and freshly prepared entrees, soups and desserts.  I have visited the restaurant several times and have never been disappointed.
Love this place.  Straight up walk into an urban outfitters..but not.

The walls are brick, and the writings are in chalk.

Parking: Park on the side.  There's not really an official parking lot.

Food: Poached shrimp with citrus sauce and fennel.  They don't mess around with these tapas style poached shrimps.  I guess you could call this a wine bar / tapas joint.

Good for happy hour.  Artichoke hearts bro, you know them girls love them artichokes, some new age vegetable sh**.  Gotta order this one, it's got that parmigiano reggiano on it, LEGIT.

If you're feeling even more legit, go for the pan seared scallops.  Something about fennel and truffle oil gets me.

Pizza: Margherita.  Cooked to a chewy crisp.  

Date Place? Sure, why not, every chick loves a new place to go to that looks different than the previous place that you took her to.  

Bank: It won't break the bank sick.  Actually it will if you order a lot, but come towards happy hour.
This review is a bit over due -- we were here back in 2011!

I had received a Discover Card (or was it American Express) deal in the mail, and having never been to Flemings, we thought, why not?

Matt M was our waiter and sommelier.  He was extremely knowledgeable and super friendly.  We brought our own wine, and not only did he recognize it, he was able to talk about the other varietals offered at that winery.  He also recommended some great dishes.  

For dinner, Henry ordered a perfectly cooked filet.  I ordered the lamb chops in the small plates area.  Matt asked if I would like to make that an entree size, which I accepted and it was just the perfect portion.  

We felt well treated and even though we mentioned we had a coupon, we never felt like we were getting a discounted service and food. 

Will have to go again one day!
Came here for dinner with Boyfriend tonight because I had a $20 gift card that I wanted to use up. It looked inviting enough, although Yelp reviews made Boyfriend slightly skeptical. 

Actually, my rating was a 4/5, but boyfriend said 2/5, so I decided to average the both of ours out to a 3/5. 

The bread was cold and kind of spongy. Actually, there was either oil in it, or it was stale. Normally I have trouble staying away from the bread, but this time, I wasn't particularly tempted to consume the whole plate. 

Boyfriend and I shared the Clams and Mussels appetizer, which was exactly how we expected it to be. I did think the Andouille sausage added a nice touch to it, and the baked bread thing on top was actually REALLY good. My complaint would be that they didn't have enough of that sauce/soup thing that other places usually put generous portions of, so I felt sort of ripped off. Boyfriend didn't seem to think this dish was that memorable; it "tastes like clams and mussels from any generic place..less memorable than the stinking rose" --- his words not mine.

I had the Diver Scallops, which were alright. The flavors were a little on the subtle side, and I couldn't really taste anything besides the rainbow chard on the side. But, because they were scallops (and I love scallops), I just can't give this dish a bad rating. The sauce was good too, I just wish they weren't so stingy.

Boyfriend had the swordfish. He took one bite and seemed really sad he ordered it. Actually, I think his entree ruined his opinion of this place.

We had the white chocolate frozen souffle for dessert. That was by far the best thing we had all dinner. It was a bit too sweet in my opinion, but it made me happy. 

Overall though, the portions and quality just don't measure up to the price you pay for this place. Unless you have a coupon or something, I wouldn't come here really.
super delicious food! the bread was delicious, fresh and piping hot. the filet mignon was deliciously hot and carmelized and medium rare just the way my husband ordered it. the cioppini, just like other reviewers was alrite, not great but good. i did not like the sea bass in the dish, it was too salty. the dark chocolate cheesecake was delicious. the chocolate molten lava cake  was super good too, the ice cream was super good.  the service was really good and the people were all extra friendly even though it was a full house. we didn't have reservations but they were really cool about that. even though my seafood dish wasn't good, i am still giving them five stars because their specialty, steak, was amazing. we also had their side called the half and half. shoe string potatoes and onion rings. super delicious!
Again, a 4.5 for us.  This is another place we go often, and wanted to write a few comments for them.

Atmosphere: Nice and new after Piattis and some other place I forgot.  We went a few times after we it opened, but it was always a little slower than expected, which in turn was nice.

Service:  Service is always good here, but I feel too scripted.  It just doesn't seem too sincere for some reason.

Cost:  Usually around $500-$600 for four people.  

Wine:  Pretty good wine selection at good prices

Food:  Bone-in-ribeye: excellent!  Probably the only steak I will eat here.  The other ones are ok, but just doesn't have the flavor as the ribeye.  

Overall: I really like what I get, so they get a 4.5.  Considering all the plates that are offered at this place, it would probably be closer to a 4
I took my boyfriend here for the sunday prime rib special.  For 30 bucks a person, it's a really good deal.  You get a salad, side dish, prime rib, and dessert! Everything comes in huge portions which is nice and the side dishes are family style.  We got the creamed corn and the sauteed mushrooms--both were alright, but I could definitely see the butter dripping off of everything.  The Fleming's salad I got was HUGE!! I was so full after the salad that I could barely eat the prime rib.  The prime rib was pretty juicy, but I feel that I've had better prime rib at the Bellagio buffet.  The dessert was nothing spectacular (I think I got the creme brulee) and you can't really screw up creme brulee.  You really can't beat the price though so I'm bringing my family here for my graduation dinner this year for sunday prime rib dinner.  Seriously, the best deal ever!
I want to like Shay's. It's the sort of place that I would normally gravitate toward. It's an unassuming, divey pub with a nice beer and wine selection. While the outdoor seating that everyone raves about is a nice draw, it's inevitably full every time I go. Fine, I like the sidewalk-level interior, and seats are usually available at the bar where I can count on attentive service.

But apparently the weekend of the Head of the Charles Regatta is not a good time to visit. It was a beautiful, fall Sunday afternoon, and after spending some time in Cambridge Common, I wanted a quick bite to eat from someplace not commonly found in a mall or a Dow Jones publication. Leo's was closed, and I've never eaten at Shay's so I thought I'd give it a shot.

The patio was of course full, but on a nice day I at least wanted to be somewhat close to a window and not eat at the bar. Sorry, dear waitress, to occupy a precious cramped four top when you're the only one waiting on probably 40 people and obviously already a bit weeded. I asked for a menu and was told that it was abbreviated because of the Regatta and was posted on the boards. Ok, I can accept that, but you'd think it'd be an indicator that I was interested in eating. She brought my beer and very shortly scurried off. That was the last time I was acknowledged until my glass was empty. In the meantime, the couple beside me (who arrived later) was informed that the kitchen was under duress and their burgers would probably take 30 minutes. I pretty much resigned at that point and just paid for my beer when she finally addressed me again.

I've spent my share of time in the service industry. I can forgive extenuating circumstances and I'm exceedingly patient. But there wasn't really even an effort to be nice here, and that rubs me wrong.

I'll stick to the bar in the future, unless I can manage to score an outside table with a large group.
Bring a flashlight when you enter this restaurant. 

Food: 3 stars (you can get the same quality steak at Texas Roadhouse, though probably not as thick).

Ambiance: 2 stars (really really dark, even with candles.Oh, and the tables are really small, even for a small 5'4" 113lb frame like yours truly.)

Service: 3.5 stars (really attentive)

Price: 2 stars (Reasonably priced, not super expensive nor super cheap. Palo Alto isn't' really a tourist attraction city, like SF, but I guess it appeals to the Stanford Mall shoppers.) 

OVERALL: I must say that there's nothing super about this place, but it's totally A-OK. Will probably return for dinner in the near future.
As always very yummy! Service was fantastic. A surprise from the chef who was lovely! Really great experience! Will be back very soon!
Cool little wine bar with delicious beers on tap and tasty paninis. Dana is the best
This place is just a great, new , comfortable wine bar. 

As others have stated Danny and Santos are excellent hosts.  I went to USC more years ago than I care to admit, so the neighborhood doesn't scare me (in fact, I lived with in screaming distance of this place)

Unlike a LOT of other new winebars in this town which have been opened by  oenephiles, not true professionals , the guys who run Bacaro have a real pedigree. We know Santos from Silverlake Wine and A.O.C. so we trust his knowledge. The wines are adventurous, the best thing to do is ask for suggestions.  

The place is spartan, but still comfortable, and the food is a hell of a lot better and also more adventurous than it needs to be.  

There idea is an American version of the Venitian Wine Bar, it's succeeds in spades. 

And btw,  it's reasonably priced.
A very hectic day came to a slow and peaceful halt the moment I walked through Biba's doors on Saturday evening. We went with the intention of learning something during Drink. Think. but ended up staying for dinner and several more glasses of delicious red wines. 

The place is darkly outfitted but has a huge window which allows for both natural light and people watching. We chose to sit at the bar, complete with always-necessary hooks for coats, purses and, on that night, umbrellas. 

We learned about Old World and New World Syrah, and we paired our tasting with a crunchy cheddar, smoky speck with the most delicious honey mustard and roasted garlic scented olives. This was just enough to whet our appetite for heartier bites of a vinaigrette-dressed salad with figs, blue cheese and hazelnuts, as well as a smoked chicken panino which was super tasty but not too heavy. 

As always with any Tria establishment, we ended up spending more dough than we intended, but the fact that I was able to exchange some stress for sanity was well worth the price. I look forward to my next visit!
Not sure why it took me so long to review this place, we've been a dozen times and it improves each and every time. 

Went for my birthday. Pretty sure it was the owner waiting on me. Seated right away, got the corner bankette and it was so comfy. And as usual the menu was exceptional. I love that the menu changes whenever they're in the mood. This month's menu had fried green tomatoes ( MMMM) and then my personal favorite shrimp and grits. And the menu always has such fun seasonal stuff. Met the chef he's been there like 7 months, yet the transition is seamless. You'd never know they changed chefs even. 

Beverages ( diet soda, I'm so advenurous ) arrived within literally a minute in this beautiful balloon wine glass stem ware. Great stemware. Refilled it 3 times for me, he was on top of it. Even the ice water was perfect!

Food - got the shrimp and grits. SOOO good. Brown butter and a touch of brown sugar, with the PERFECT savory cheesey grits, and the shrimp were sauteed to perfection. Then the bread, some kind of sea salty caraway crisp bread yet soft. Perfect 10 on the bread. Very important to me. Then the entree, hangar steak - the medium rare was textbook, sliced really nicely, and some sort of marscapone cheesy grits type thing to go with, and the vegetables were awesome. Golden beets and ramps. So good. My wife's brussell sprouts were so good I had some, and I hate brussells. 

Go. you'll love it.
This place is great!  The food and wine are both spot on and the customer service by the owners is above and beyond.  I was there tonight and these guys actually get it.  They're smart and this place is run well.  The wine is always changing so I'll save my time and not recommend anything but you cannot go wrong with any of the food.  The Scallops are great, so is the Beefstake but I believe their assortment of cheese is where this place stands-out from other wine bars in Los Angeles.  These guys take pride in what they are doing and it really comes across in what is served.
My boyfriend took me to this place and I didn't know such a cool place existed in a working-class neighborhood.  In fact, it was right next to a Mexican market.  All that aside, the decor is nostalgic, and although the seating situation is a bit cramped, the food more than makes up for the lack of space.

We arrived for happy hour, but we decided to use our LivingSocial coupon because we ordered 6 small plates and 3 glasses of wine.  We ordered the burger, the deconstructed BLT, the filet mignon, the chicken, the shrimp and the margherita pizza.  I left more than full.  Everything we ate was amazing.  The seasoning and sauces were just right.  The presentation of the food was creative.  I liked how the BLT ingredients were mixed in a bowl with buttered bread on top.  And the chicken with the crispy potato patty underneath was awesome.  The food is some of the best I've had in this city.

We were served by Madison, who was a very friendly gal.  There is not a lot of wait staff, but they keep busy attending customers.  I will definitely be returning.
I went in to GlassHalFull expecting a run-of-the-mill, pretentious wine bar with a modest food menu, but instead was introduced to one of the best restaurants in the Chapel Hill / Carrboro area.  We chose the cheapest red on the menu (Bodega Catena Zapata malbec, $28.99) because if a restaurant can find a good cheap wine, then they probably know their stuff.  And luckily they know their stuff.

The atmosphere was light, open, dress-casual, and could be a great place to take a business client.  Unfortunately our waiter left a lot to be desired-- he knew nothing about wine, very little about the food menu, was super slow, and seemed nervous; I can only assume it was his first day on the job.  But lucky for him, the sommelier was very knowledgeable and friendly, and it more than made up for our waiter's downfalls.

Last but not least, the food was amazing.  Yes, the salmon dish was served on a small plate and still cost $14, but this is one of those restaurants that doesn't try to gorge its patrons on too much food-- they understand that quality outweighs quantity, and the quality at GlassHalFull is remarkable.  We ordered a side dish of brussel sprouts that were parboiled, then sauteed with sliced apples and a syrup/sherry concoction, and it was honestly one of the best sides I've ever had, and definitely the best brussel sprouts I've ever eaten.
I love Shay's. I've been going here for almost 20 years. It's a no-attitude place and doesn't tend to get drunk obnoxious people there. You can go by yourself or with friends and feel comfortable. The patio is great in the good weather, but it can be tough to get a seat. I go there for the drinks rather than the food, but if you need something to wash down your Pauliner, the brie platter with almonds and grapes is pretty tasty and they make a hearty chicken quesadilla. I always get a chuckle out of the bathroom grafitti on the condom machine which says, "For refund, insert baby."
The $14.99 steak and shrimp special is amazing. My girlfriend and I got the ribeye and the NY strip, cooked medium rare, and we were very satisfied. The shrimp was also delicious. I wouldn't order the $4.99 asparagus side again because it came with only two pieces of asparagus (although it was bacon-wrapped and quite tasty). We ordered a bottle of wine, which was a good complement to our meal. The wines are offered by the taste and by the glass at reasonable prices, and the selection apparently varies by week. There was also bottles available for purchase, but keep in mind there will be a $10 corkage fee, so it will cost you more to order a bottle for dine-in. It was very crowded when we went, but the staff was very friendly. Eventually we chose to sit outside, instead of waiting for a table inside, and the service was very prompt. Overall, it was a great meal, and I will definitely be coming here often.
i literally got a yelp account just to write about how awful this place is.
let me elaborate...the food is actually good. it really is. i won't lie. the wine is kind of eh, but if the room weren't so ugly and the staff weren't so fidgety, drunk and slow, i may have overlooked that. i wanted to walk out just so that someone would try and stop me so i could say "oh, really? you noticed i was still here?!". like i said the food is tasty, but sunflowers in empty wine bottles is freshman dorm level decor. the glassware is cheap...and considering that they're a WINE BAR, it might be nice to have decent wine glasses. as for the staff...there's just no excuse. if every one of the 12 tables in that place had been full (which they were absolutely not) there is still no excuse for how slow and annoying they were. sitting at a table with dirty dishes for 15 minutes: not awesome. a waitstaff that can't make a recommendation outside of "well...it depends on what you like" (duh?!): also, not awesome. it's cheap and tasty, but i went in for respite and walked out annoyed. grosser food in a nicer environment would've beat this dive, hands down. i wish there were a zero stars option.
The food is AMAZING! I recommend the burger with egg on it.  Their caprese salad with pesto is yummy.  For dessert, their bread pudding wants you going back for more. It's dangerously good.  The atmosphere is lovely, the service is great, the wine is perfect with the food.  It is definitely a must try!
If you're a poor UCSD undergraduate, don't let fancy business exteriors prevent you from eating like a pimp.

The trick?

HAPPY HOURS!

Fleming's has a special deal called 5 things for 6 till 7. Until 7pm, you can get 5 appetizers for only 6 dollars! The appetizers are: Shrimp Cocktail, Tenderloin Carpaccio, Asian Chili Calamari, and 2 other seafood dishes.

That might sound really good, but the icing on the cake is the "special" 6th item: the Prime Sirloin Burger. 

I went with a friend and we came in typical jeans and a t-shirt, and immediately felt out of place with the dark decor and the fancy businessmen/women everywhere. Hence, we opted to eat outside to avoid the stares. 

We didn't let awkward turtles get to us, we were there for a mission: happy hour food. We sat down and split a prime sirloin burger and the asian chili calamari. The calamari was really unique, it had a sweet and sour sauce  that was poured over really crispy calamari. Pretty tasty.

But like I said, money is where the prime sirloin burger is. For 6 bucks you get a huge burger with bacon and the cheese of your choice. It also comes with 2 onion rings. The bread is buttered and toasted, and you get to choose how you want your patty done. That burger really hit the spot. Next time, I'm not splitting anything, I'm gonna head straight for this bad boy.

PS: If you're 21, there's also 5 cocktails and 5 wines that are 6 dollars a piece too.

Going during happy hour is a funny juxtaposition because the waitresses and waiters, who I assume are expected to be high class later at night, will serve college students and business people all the same, and it's an awkward balance of what they will do and won't do. For example, my waitress poured my beer into a glass, but I saw at the next table they were just pounding their beers from the bottle. Interesting.

Forget the awkwardness or the juxtapositions, the food is legit. Go during happy hour and get the prime sirloin burger.
Flemings seems to be having some problems. I thought it was just my experience, but after reading all these reviews can see it's a consistent problem. We sat down just fine (no wait) and the waiter came around to offer drinks and drop off munchies. I ordered one of their specialty cocktails and it was really gross. It tasted like a bunch of hard liquor all mixed together - bad medicine. I'd recommend sticking to the staples. We ordered our food and got the first course. Then we waited for 50 minutes for the second course. I thought I was going to die - I'm super impatient. The food finally came and some of the steaks were overcooked. When we finished they very nicely comped dessert for our table to apologize for the bad service, but by that time I just wanted to leave. Aside from the bad service resulting from whatever kitchen problems that they're having, the food was just unremarkable. It was like dining at a mall restaurant in the Mid-West, but given that CA has such high-quality options, I had higher expectations....it was also way more expensive than it should have been for what you get (unremarkable food, bad service)....
Walked in at and got seated right away.  Our waiter took the order, didn't bring some of the order.  The food in front of us without any utensils.  5 min later when he came back, we asked for utensils, he said he will bring it right away.  He forgot.  We went and grabbed our own utensils from inside of the restaurant, and started our cold food.  He came and we told him that our drinks are not here yet, he went to get it.  We finished our food, he came to give us the bill and we said, we still haven't gotten our drinks yet, he said" we are very busy"  no appology and he asked us if we still want our drinks????  But the food, even though served cold, but tasted good.
amazing food + great service.  these guys have got it right.

i've been here twice - and the food was divine on both occasions. they change their menu with the seasons, and you can tell that the ingredients are very fresh. the wine and food pairings make for an exciting menu.

try the tofu tempura with the asian sweet chili sauce. the tofu is soft and melts in your mouth. the small portions are quite large actually- especially if you are looking to try several items. the ricotta stuffed gnocchi is extremely good. the redfish provencal, which i think they've added for spring is unreal! each sauce/accompaniment such as the basil mousse is well made and complements the fresh fish. very well presented and delicious..

try the peppermint stick dessert - the peppermint icecream accompanying the warm flourless chocolate cake has this unique taste of holy basil. or else, try the crunchberry icecream - made with liquid nitrogen!

these guys know their food:) and the service adds to the experience. definitely a fave dinner spot in ann arbor.

there's usually a wait here - so call in advance, it's worth a visit or two!
Finally got to try their famous Bacaro open-faced burger with a fried egg. Everything I expect it to be. Can't wait to get over there for happy hour and order about 20 of them. Also had the hanger steak, crostini (marscapone was the best) and the chipotle cauliflower which were both excellent. The chipotle sauce definitely has a kick and isn't for the faint of heart. Don't worry, it's all vegetarian too, it kinda tasted like bacon which freaked out the veggie eater with us for a few minutes. It was funny watching his smile slowly fade into a terrified grimace of sorts. I love freaking out the vegetarians.
Another review while on break from homework and reading...

My husband came here as a snack before a real dinner.

We didn't order any wine (I know...why go to a wine bar if you aren't going to order wine), but we did order nine tapas plates...

Here is the run down of the food

Scallops- You basically get one scallop, cut in half.  I was disappointed on the portion size, but the mixture that it sat on top was sweet and complimented the scallop nicely.  I could have gone without the orange puree.

Shrimps- Now this is worth the price...the plate was filled with large shrimps.  If you like Thai food, this is your plate.  The shrimp was swimming in a pond of sweet chili sauce.  My husband was ALL over this plate.

White Pizza- wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but wasn't the worst either.  The bacon made it very salty.  The best bites were the ones with the scallions and bacon combines...great flavor.  The crust was thin and crunchy...gave it a light touch.

Bacaro burger- the hamburger patty itself was bland, but the bread that it sat on top with the sauce made it yummy.  The sauce had a kick to it and made up for the bland burger.  I would order it again, considering...

Artichoke hearts- was topped with this cheesy goodness and baked to add a crisp texture.  I enjoyed it very much.

Caprese- Was good....there isn't much to say.  I feel like Caprese is a self explanatory dish...the only time I would have much to say is if it was bad...which their version isn't.  

Overall, they get 3 stars for food, .5 star for creativity (FYI: you should make a reservation...it's a VERY tight squeeze and it gets packed in a blink of an eye) and and extra .5 star for service (it may be crazy busy, but the waitress always had a smile on her face).
Great food, nice environment and good service.  The interior is stylish, a little small and warm.  I liked how one wall was entirely a chalkboard where they wrote the drinks menu.  They have a tv which is a plus for sports fans :) I would give it five stars except the "caprese salad" was not a salad (and I was craving some veggies) it was just mozzarella cheese, pesto, and cherry tomatoes. Very good but I was looking for some lettuce with my "salad".

 Anyways the pricing of the menu is unique.. $8 for each dish or $21 for 3.  I got the panini which was perfect portion and delicious.  I Rarely drink alcohol but the Prangster beer they have here is sooo good! 

I tried the Bacaro ice cream which was $5..it was good but not something I would crave to have again.

All in all - I would recommend going here. Can't wait to go back!!
Came here for happy hour...great deals for the area! 

I'm giving them 3 stars because it was a good experience, good food, but nothing great.  I know, I know, can't completely judge because I only came for happy hour, but  I think 3 stars is good to go in my book! 

Friend and I shared the calamari and the burger, gosh, we are such fatties! lol. 

Anyways, the burger was good, juicy with a spicy ketchup (I think), and some aioli (I think again), and 2 onion rings.  Come to think of it, the burger was very good, a steal for $6, but I wouldn't pay the $16 regular price tag, just saying.  Calamari was good too, fried, of course, but I liked that it had peppers and a sweet & sour kind of sauce.  

Drinks...now those were good! I had the stoli rasberry drink, for only 99cals, you know, something to off-set the burger and calamari, and my friend I believe had  blueberry cosmo.  

I will be back if I'm in the area for their happy hour.  Will have to think about coming back for dinner...we will see!
I can't believe people rated this place so high. I thought the food was WAY too salty. Everything was salty. I think the only good thing I had there was the open face burger and you must get it with the egg. 
- Scallops- salty
- White Pizza- salty
- Noa's Cauliflower- salty
Did I mention salty? 

Also got the cheese plate, but really, what kind of preparation does that involve. And the Nutella panino, which was actually good. But I love nutella and if you gave it to me on sandpaper, I'd think it was good. 

And the happy hour didn't include alcoholic beverages. What the. Blasphemous! 

But just my opinion.
We went here after going to last Saturday's game against UMass (Michigan blew them off the field and we left after the third quarter to beat the rush) and we loved it.  I ordered the sirloin wrapped tuna that had a carrot puree that meshed well with the side of mushroom rice.  The wine flights are nice but a little pricey.  We sat outside and still received great, attentive service (I don't always get very good service when I sit outside).  Our waitress let us know that they have a night (I believe it's Thursday) where they sell select glasses of wine at a deep discount.  All things considered, this place deserves 4.5 stars (minus a half star for the flights which are $5 too expensive).
This is what I've been missing?!  No one told me how great Toast is WTF?  Ha.  Saturday night with a couple yelpies we stopped in here around 10:30ish for a small bite and some wine.  Small bite turned into a cheese plate and the shrimp and grits.  I keep thinking about that shrimp and grits dish- fantastic!  I always picture sloppy breakfast looking grits.  Is this picture off base?  YES!  I also enjoyed how the wine is served with choice of the pour...gives room to sample.  I tried the chianti and it made me warm right up on a chilly night.  
Last but not least the chocolate dessert!  Just magnificent!  The waiter told our table that peeps come in just for that choc dessert.  It's that good!  I'll be back.
Their Sangria is the best!
Shay's is a really cool place to hang out with friends... if you can get in. This a small bar with a lot of fans. 

My favorite thing about Shay's though, is getting a Hot Toddy in the winter. Warms you right up on those freezing New England nights!
I had a great time at my first visit.  My friends had steak and delicious red wine.  We met the charming owners and really enjoyed the experience. I will be back in the Fall for a Meetup event that I plan to have their since I liked it so much!
service was nice, food was delicious.
I've eaten at the La Jolla location twice, and the Downtown San Diego location once. My experience (and food) was much better at the Downtown location (not sure why).

Either way, the service is excellent. Food & Desserts also excellent. I will definitely go there again.
A small plates/tapas style brunch menu?  Yes, please!  

This is seriously such a good idea.  Small plates priced at 4-6 bucks and portioned so that you order probably 2 per person... essentially, you get to have all your fave breakfast meals in one sitting!  Loved the fritatta with pesto and goat cheese, chilaquiles, and the french toast with berries!  

For dessert the lemon panna cotta topped with honey and graham crackers was a delight.  It had a thicker, mousse style consistency and was perfectly sweet and not too heavy.  The caramel brioche bread pudding topped with vanilla bean gelato was killer.

Oh, and also loved the fresh baked croissants and danishes in lieu of a traditional bread basket!  

Beyond the food, the ambiance was unexpectedly SO beautiful and SO spacious!  Ridiculously high (think Bottega Louie high) ceilings, beautiful booths and fine table linens, and a killer patio.  

I had no idea that they also have secluded spots for banquet style dining for weddings and special events.  This is going to be my go-to place for reasonably priced large group brunches, happy hours, and yumminess!
One of the worst places Ive ever been to.  Had the pizza and wine sampler and it was so expensive and so little food.  Over $60 for 2 people. The pizza was gross.  They put toppings on there that were so weird like raw pieces of salmon.  WTF????  Hated it.  I hated every second I was there.  I hated every thought that someone enjoyed this.  I hated looking at it. I just wanted it to end.  I wish i could remove the memory of me being here.  Pure Garbage.
My third experience really ruined my love for this place. My first and second experiences at Fleming's were wonderful. Steak was perfect, sides were perfect, atmosphere and service where perfect. It was what you'd expect for $50+ dining and more. And the way they thank you after you've dined with them, the way they follow you on Twitter when you mention them... all that stuff is great. But back to the third experience...

I brought my family here because we don't spend a lot of time together these days. I thought it would be the perfect xmas gift. Instead, what we got was a very pushy waiter who tried to up-sell us at every step. He started off really long-winded, going through the specials for what seemed like a good solid two minutes... and when it came time for us to order, he would try to push this side, bone-in, this bottle of wine with the proprietary grape which was twice the price of the other one we looked at... and then when my ribeye was rare (reddish-purple) instead of medium rare, he insisted a tiny bit that I was wrong. The chef quickly came, apologized, took the steak back, made it right, and they eventually comped us a dessert and brought a new side because I hadn't finished it on my first plate.

The waiter also gave mini-lectures to the server who was clearly new and learning. I felt that this was rude to him, but also to us for correcting his mistakes in our presence, making us feel bad for him.

Overall, the chef, the side, and the comped dessert MORE than made up for the steak, but that still leaves the pushy waiter who was rude to his own. Watch out for the brown-haired middle-aged used-car salesman-type guy.
Yes, Bacaro LA's happy hour makes me very very very happy. 

Since I find the small tapas type dishes to be a tad bit expensive I would recommend everyone to come anytime Mon-Thur from 5-7 pm for the happy hour. My personal favorites are the seared scallops, bacaro burger, and any of the pizzas. Try to come in with a few friends, each order something different, and share family style. I remember one time my friends and I each ordered our own meal and I was secretly eye-ing all of their food. SHARE people...you'll leave happier and with a taste of a bunch of Bacaro's dishes!
I'm not a big steak person but my husband is, so we came here.

We had a 8pm reservation, but were not seated until 8:25pm.  When we complained to the manager he ended up giving us a free calamari appetizer, which was nice, but also told us that we should think about making reservations earlier or later next time.  Isn't that the whole point of a reservation?  If you can't offer a seat, don't offer the reservation!

The calamari was okay - a bit soggy but I guess that's the style
The steak was good but as I'm not a huge steak fan, can't really tell

Service was a bit slow
cute wine bar! 

the vino was great & i liked the paired down, sleek vibe.  i didn't try the food, but as a lounge it has a nice, laid back atmosphere. 

my biggest wish is that it was open later as a bar, particularly through the weekend.  if they got a DJ it would be perfect.
Went to brunch here. Interesting idea to have small plates, but you really have to order 3 different plates to get full. 

The bread and sweets were really good--coffee cake to start, pancakes and French toast were good too. The egg dishes were just okay, a little bland, no salt and unripe avocado. The potatoes were cut really big, but they had flavor because they are cooked with onions and peppers.. The fruit plate was kind of ridic--just melon, pineapple and grapes. Not a berry in sight!

The weirdest part was our server. We all agreed that he was completely stoned. When we asked for jam for the toast, he had this confused look, like we were asking for something weird that he has never heard of, "jam? ....hmm, jam?". He was equally spacey when we asked for ketchup and hollandaise sauce, and he couldn't tell us about any of the dishes to save his life.  He just had this weird smile and dazed look, it was just too much on a Sunday morning.
The strongest selling point for Shay's is its atmosphere - as someone said, the old-fashioned pub experience.  So of course, the beer selection is pretty good but a little pricey at 5-6 bucks a pint for a college place.  Not having liquor really wasn't ideal, but the wine was, uhhh, really fun.  My burger was decent (fries good!) but probably not worth 10 bucks as I think Mr. Bartley's is better for food.
Went here for dinner. 

Caesar salad: tasteless but the croutons were good
Ribeye: asked for medium, it came out well-done...hard & chewy
Filet mignon: chewy, but not as bad as the ribeye
Corn & potatoes: excellent.
Crme Brle: too sweet

Service: excellent!
Came here for a baby shower recently.  The room we had for the party was beautiful.  The restaurant had a cool and refined feel to the interior.  Very spacious and elegant.  Service was excellent.  The food was nothing special, but I did enjoy the pasta with lemon sauce and capers.
The location is kinda weird, being part of the Stanford Shopping Center, but the parking is plentiful and when you're inside, you've already forgotten.  

Atmosphere:  Lively, contemporary and classy!
Service:  Spectacular.  Very attentive and knowledgeable servers
Wine:  Extensive by-the-glass wine list and good by the bottle selection, although quite expensive at more than 3 times what you can pay for the same bottle elsewhere.
Food:  Excellent.  I tried the following:
            a.  French Onion Soup:  Excellent with lots of melted Gruyere cheese on top.  Yummy...
            b.  Ravioli Stuffed with mushroom and cream sauce:  This was a new item and will be on the menu within 30 days.  Excellent and the mushrooms were delicate and excellently prepared.
            c.  Mac and Cheese:  I'm not a Chipotle fan, so this wasn't appealing to me, but others loved it.
            d.  Mushroom crusted Fillet with Gorgonzola cheese cream sauce:  Excellent.  I asked for medium and it was prepared perfectly.  The Gorgonzola sauce was a nice complement and it came with a few spears of grilled asparagus.  This item was not on the menu and was a special for the night.

My only cons, as with any fine steak house is the price.  I'll leave it at that....
Service was 5 stars, which automatically makes the overall experience so much better!  
-The free bread is delish and so is the sun-dried tomato spread
-French onion soup was yummy and gooey with cheese
-Mac and cheese was super rich and creamy 
-Flemings salad was a big failure but offset the exorbitant fat and calories by consumption of mac n' cheese
-Creme brulee was served with house specialty, a gigantic bowl of chantilly cream, which I was ready to bathe myself in
Me like.
The first time I went here was on a date. The date was OK, yadda-yadda but I couldn't get over the wine. I really wish I remember what I got but it was the best glass of wine I've ever had. The food here was really good. And they rotate their menu. Some think that's annoying but that means they are changing to what is fresh and in season. 

It is a classy, romantic place for a date. I recommend! Pricey though.

I think this place is better than Palomino's by far. And I'm going here for Happy Hour tonight!
good food good company and decent prices
Went here with a four other people and ordered 12 dishes on the menu. We were hungry. After trying a bit of everything I came away liking three dishes. The Sliders, Crabmeat Mac N Cheese and The Lobster Roll. I should note that i hated The Heart of Palms dish. As for the other eight dishes, they were par. With that said this is a tapas restaurant and out of 12 dishes I only came away liking three of them. Not that impressive. That's why I gave this place three stars. I would come back though because the dishes I did like we're really good.  They also know how to pour a decent cocktail too.

Favorite Dishes
 Crabmeat Mac N Cheese - 10/10
Sliders - 9/10
Lobster Rolls - 7/10
Haven't been in quite awhile, but the food never disappoints. Can get a little too crowded for the space when college is in session.
I love this place.

Seriously one of my favorite places to meet friends in the LA area. Sure, parking kind of sucks and it's pretty small if you have a large group, but its a fun and inviting atmosphere.

The servers are all really friendly and knowledgeable about the different kinds of wine, which is helpful when you're with a group of girls who know nothing about wine. 

Try the margarita pizza - it's delicious. 

Oh and also, if you're going to drink you might as well just buy the entire bottle of wine. In the end it's a way better deal.

I forgot to add: Don't let the bougie USC hipsters deter you from checking this place out. They usually keep to themselves and aren't that annoying, contrary to popular belief.
One of the better steakhouses in Palo Alto.  I'm a fan of both the happy hour and the restaurant.

Happy Hour: 
-Great drinks for $6 from 5-7, get here early as the place gets packed and standing room is limited.  If you're lucky enough to find a seat you get potato chips for free, get there late and no chips for you!  The limoncello martini is a great way to kick off the happy hour.  The pinot noir is a steal for $6 a glass, they also serve the wine in this cute little flask so you know you're getting your money's worth!  The baked brie at happy hour is to die for!

Dinner:
-french onion soup - served piping hot the gruyere cheese is melted perfectly and the crouton still maintains its crunch, delish!
-the wedge salad - a steakhouse staple, the blue cheese really makes this salad
-mashed potatoes - so buttery and smooth, you taste the sweetness from the roasted garlic and just a hint of the blue cheese
-sauteed french green beans - i love green beans but i've had better, fleming's sautes the green beans with mushrooms in a spice i can't make out, but the spice takes away from the natural sweetness of the green beans.
-peppercorn steak - oh so good, cooked to a perfect medium rare and flavored with peppercorn, so delicious!

The service at Fleming's is always great, they are one of the few restaurants that can successfully transfer the bar tab to our restaurant tab, sounds like an easy concept but few have been successful.  

Overall:  good steakhouse if you're in the area, get's crowded at happy hour so get there early!
This place never fails to woo me. Since it's woo-ability factor is so high, I'd actually recommend it for date night... especially if it's a first date. Maybe the restaurant woo-i-ness will translate to date woo-i-ness.
Learned about this place via my mother's Cheap Eats magazine! We were intrigued by the picture of their Tuscan White Bean Bruschetta, so we decided to come here for her birthday this past year.

Bacaro LA is a small spot. Its out in the open, but almost hard to find. The atmosphere is rustic, but with the warmth and class of a hip wine bar!

Came here with a relatively big group for a place that serves "tapas" style, but with that, we were able to try a great assortment of their items. 

I think we just about enjoyed every dish we got: the white bean bruschetta, the burrata, pan seared scallops, petite filet, mac and cheese, and the bone marrow! All were deelicious and very decently priced! I'd recommend them all. 

I look forward to coming back here again --most likely for their happy hour! And I shall partake in their libations, as well! :) Will report back soon.
This is a 3.5 stars for me.

The good:  the food was good!  My prime rib was tasty and tender.  The Fleming's potatoes were great - the jalapeo added great flavor without being too spicy and the cheese crust was nice and slightly burned.  Good stuff.  The Fleming's salad was unremarkable, in fact, I make a similar salad from time to time.  The price ($30 three course prime rib dinner) was great.

The bad:   We had a reservation but still waited for 15 minutes to be seated.  We waited another 15 minutes to order.  Our food was slow, though the service seemed rushed.  All three of us asked for medium rare meat, but only mine actually ended up medium rare.  The other two were medium.  

The ugly:  I watched a server drag a stuffed recycling bin past our table.  You can't take trash out through the dining room!  We asked to box the desserts and when we got home, we noticed that the cheesecake had been dumped into the box upside down.  Careless.

So, food was good but it was marred by an under-staffed night.
The food was wonderful - especially the venison! Excellent wine selection. Definitely a gem in Ann Arbor - worth a repeat visit!
I just went to the "Beefsteak Sunday" event, and it was delicious! For $25 you get all the tender beef medallions on crostini, yummy potatoe wedges, and red wine that you can handle.  We went for my friend's birthday, and it was a great way to spend time with Friends! Danny was a great host and we were all pleased with the food, drink, and service.  There was a red wine, white wine, and beer available as part of the package tonight (though, red wine is the norm).  We tried both the red and white.  Both were good wines; nothing outrageous, but what do you expect when it's "all you can drink?"  Overall, I had a great experience.  I hold off on giving them five stars, because I want to go back during regular hours (or other "events") to see what it's like.  I look forward to trying some of their other food options, and I hope they continue to add more! Keep up the good work, Bacaro!
Growing up in the area, I have to say I do not come here often due to the crowds.  That being said, I had dinner here recently for the first time in a while and was pleasantly surprised that they had some new additions to their menu.  Who knew Teresa's had oysters??  Their pizzas are still delicious and they still have that delicious bread and dipping oil.  I was also pleasantly surprised with some of their pasta dishes (the balsamic one is a must).  Princeton needs more places like Teresa's in the area because it's good, cheap and easy and unfortunately always packed.
Good food, but this place is really tight. Our food was barely able to fit on the small table. 

Bacaro burger was by far the most favorite item on the menu. We ordered 2 of these with the runny egg of course. Their sauce is a perfect match for the burger.

Panini w/ Roast Beef, Black Forest Ham & Mozzarella -- simple, but crispy and good. Cheesy, yet not overly rich because we told them to skip the butter.

Petite Fillet -- beef was tender, but lacked flavor compared to the bacaro burger.

Lemon Grilled Chicken Breast -- way too sour and the jalapeno & lemon sauce just didn't work for me. The chicken was tender and risotto cake was one-of-a-kind. 

Garlic Pizza -- delicious, thin, and packed with garlic flavor. We like. 

I would love to hit this place up during happy hours to get $5 plates. That would be awesome.
I had another phenomenal evening at Bacaro and am pleased to say that the woman straddling the toilet is gone.  The decor was much prettier and more minimalist than last time--now everything is perfect as far as I'm concerned.
I'm not a huge fan of wine bars, mainly because I'm a beer and cocktails guy. And this place is wine-only. I had the South American flight and, despite knowing next to nothing about wine, I thought the three wines in the flight were all very good. Also -- and this is why I'm singing Cova's praises today -- the food here is fantastic.

We had the risotto, duck and scallops. The risotto was excellent (creamy and cheesy) and the shrimp they mixed in were gigantic (and delicious). The duck was very tasty (if not a little salty) and the scallops were cooked perfectly. The waiter wasn't particularly friendly, but the manager (I think?) was awesome and he even brought us a bottle of wine on the house. So guys, if your girlfriend wants to drag you here, don't resist. If nothing else, you'll eat well.
only visited this fleming's location once, but was just as pleased as any of my visits to the downtown location.  we came here for an anniversary dinner, which they had asked when i made the reservation if it was for a special occasion.  6 month anniversary, YES ladies, is still important to some guys.

anyway... the server welcomed us with a "happy anniversary".  the food, as expected was perfectly prepared and presented.  they even brought us an anniversary dessert and gave us a small discount on our meal, how awesome is that?!

now that i am single, i am accepting applications for a return visit to fleming's :o)
Came here for happy hour today (M-F, 4-6 pm) and had a glass of Pinot Blanc and Riesling. During happy hour, all glasses of wines are 1/2 off and there are specials on flatbread pizzas and sliders.  

I've been here for drinks before and this was the first time I ate here.  The food was surprisingly good and I really enjoyed the flatbread pizza.  Margherita pizza was flavorful and the Vongole pizza was excellent (though this could be a bit biased since I really enjoy anything pesto).

Being a Tuesday, it wasn't very crowded at all and the service was great.  Great place to get drinks and an early dinner.
Good.
I LUV this place!!!!  The food is amazing! They do take reservation if you have a big party (not sure the min # of ppl thou).

Pros: Good ambience, Great Food, Great Wine (Their Moscato is T-H-E B-E-S-T!), Happy Hours $5/plate, Special Monday - Wine 1/2 off by Glass. The Chef looks cute too~ haha..

Cons: street parking, limited seats, could be a bit noisy (depends on how 'excited' customers get)

Recommendation:
Wine: MOSCATO! (if you love sweet wine like me~)

Cold Plates: Poached Shrimp - very crisp, sweet and spicy
                         Bruschette - Roasted Garlic, Balsamic, Basil Pesto. Yum~

Hot Plates: "Noa's" Cauliflower - with Chipotle Aioli and mixed greens
                     The Bacaro Burger - This will fill you up. Remember to add Fried Egg on top ($1 extra)
                      Grilled Hanger Steak - Tender, Juicy, and Flavorful
                      Pan-Seared Scallops - Another must try!

If you still have room for dessert, both the bread pudding and Nutella Panino are good~
Nice place to be fancy, The Quality of the food is high, and the bone in Ribeye I had was made exactly as I ordered it.  Medium  rare was red with a slight bleed.  I was a little disappointed with the slower service of the food, and even though I ordered medium rare, I was hoping the steak had a nicer crust, but it was a bit too soft for my taste.  If you enjoy your meat straight with very small amounts of seasoning Flemings is for you.  There was a mix up with our reservation, that they did take care of without too much hassle, so while the food service was on the weak side the hosting was on point and very accommodating.   Over all it was a good dining experience and I was happy once the food was in my belly, but some improvements would render Flemings much more enjoyable.  I would give it another shot for an event of sorts but a revisit simple for a steak I would rather stay home and sear up a cow on my own.(Costco Ribeye is not bad at all)
So far one of the best happy hours I have been to, the Stiletto was fantastic and only 90 calories. The mushroom ravioli tasted as if we were seated at a table in the dinning area. The burgers were of decent size and tasted amazing. The only issue I saw was that the space in the bar is very limited and sometimes you bump into each other. I would certainly return for another happy hour experience again.
Yum yum yum!  

Been here countless times and I love it! :)

The tables are really really cramped, especially after you order a bunch of food, but the cheap prices and good food def make up for it!

Happy hour prices until 7 pm...so all dishes are $5!  after 7 it's 3 for $21 

Fav dishes:

Roasted cauliflower w/ chipotle (best cauliflower dish ever)
Scallops with corn (seasonal...i don't really dig the scallops when they come with carrot and fennel)
Roasted garlic pizza
Bacaro burger w/ egg
Roasted garlic bruschette w/ pesto
Gorgonzola w/dates, walnut, orange honey crostini

Order a bottle of wine and enjoy!~
I don't know very much about wine but when i come here the the waiters are always super nice and helpful. They make sure that you fine something that you like that will go great with your meal. 

From their menu i definitely recommend the Crostinit. My favorite two combinations are fresh ricotta with the olive tapenade and the fresh goat cheese with sun dried tomato tapenade. I also LOVE their scallop dish. Their portions for that dish is really small but very very tasty. Craving meat? Then the open face burger with a fried egg is the way too go.

If you are fortunate enough to remember to go their on the first Sunday of the month though they are offer and all you can eat grilled hanger steak and roasted tomatoes are a delicious. That in combination with the all you can drink wine is definitely worth the $25. Also I had a vegetarian friend who doesn't drink and they gave her have an all you can eat cheese platter with unlimited soda instead for $15. So keep this in mind for dinner on Sunday with friends! (The place isn't very big so call before and make reservations for this special)
Overpriced, bland food, good ambiance
I 100% recommend the garganelli. The mushrooms and truffle butter are delicious. The wine list and atmosphere are very nice. Everything I've tasted here has made my taste buds sing.
Nappa Valley Grille, when you want to feel like you're in wine country without actually being there. To start, I am OBSESSED with the decor there. It is warm, cozy, romantic and nice but not over the top. The outdoor patio is romantic and sexy. AMAZING PLACE FOR A DATE. The food is so fresh and tasty! I've tried most of the salads, the garlic parm fries, the happy hour menu (I'd rate it as one of the top happy hours in West LA), and some of their signature drinks. I love the unique flavor combinations that they have created in the dishes and drinks. Street parking or valet. THIS IS A MUST TRY! nvg, I rate you a solid A. As the rapper person, YC would say, BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO!
HAPPY HOUR MENU:

I loooove their happy hour menu! Classy drinks such as cosmos, martinis, to starters like shrimp, carpaccio, calamari and to a burger. All for $6 bucks! 

One of the best happy hour in the area (for food). The only thing their happy hour lacks is beer, but they have really good fruity drinks though. Their carpaccio was good, shrimp was spicy, and burgers...DELICIOUS. The bun was a soft, kind of sweet bun, meat cooked right, and it was really good!

I'll come here some time for their steaks, but for now...happy hour!
This is my favorite restaurant in Providence.

Let me start off by saying that I am an absolute sucker for Tapas, and this place has, by far, the best tapas I've ever tried... at the same prices as any other Tapas place I've been to. About $5-9 each, which serves about 2 people.

If you're living off the Tapas menu and skipping entrees (I'd recommend it, a much more exciting meal that way), get about six or seven tapas for two people. The rule is usually about three per person, but the portions at Bacaro are a smidge smaller than other Tapas places I've been to.

Onto the food review.

CHEESE

Try the Pecorino Al Tartufo- pasteurized sheep's milk cheese from Tuscany with white & black truffles.

You'll get two big slices of this cheese with a very potent truffle (garlic) taste. Made a bit milder with the sides of marmalade, spiced nuts and fig jam. I love garlic, so I love this. 

CICCHETTI ITALIAN TAPAS

Since I come here every chance I get, I'm just going to go ahead and list my favorites:

Stuffed "Mortadella alla Griglia" - Grilled purses of mortadella stuffed with talleggio cheese and served with Mostarda Fruits.

Taleggio in "Carozza"- battered & pan fried sandwiches of Italian Taleggio cheese.

Crispy Glazed Pork Belly- sweet, spicy, rosemary. AWESOME.

Roasted Cracked Baby Potatoes in their Jackets with White-Truffle-Scented Crme Fraiche, Sea Salt and Fresh Chives.

Crispy Fried Fontina & Prosciutto Stuffed Meatballs with Pomodoro.

They also have these  fried balls of potato, onions and cheese, which are great.

DESSERT

The dessert is simply fantastic. Again on the smaller side, so you might not want to share. 

Cannoli Cones are AMAZING  - Sweetened Ricotta, Orange Water, Rose Water, Chocolate Chips, Candied Fruit, Pistachios in Marsala-Scented Cones. 

Every time I take a bite, I make a noise. Really, they're awesome.

EVERYTHING ELSE

This place is pretty dressy, but not over the top. Don't be surprised if you see a few guys in jackets (but no ties). Expect your bill to come to about $100 for two people.

The view is nice, on the 2nd floor you have a view of the open kitchen as well as of the river. Very nice place to take a date.

And they have plenty of entrees to choose from too if you want the traditional route, but since Tapas places are hard to come by, I'd come for those.
This is among my favorite bars in all of Boston and beyond. A simple hole in a basement with an unassuming outdoor patio-not much to looks or any of the fancy stuff. 

They have a decent beer & wine collection and have consciously stayed away from other alcoholic drinks. But the best part is the friendliness of the people who work here. This is a place where you can can just walk in and join in a conversation around the corner. 

Great atmosphere, laid back feeling and great people make this among the best around!!
This was my first time to Bacaro, and I went because I had a Groupon that was due to expire soon. I went on a Friday night around 8pm-ish. 

The good: the food was excellent! My boyfriend and I had the scallops, crostini, margherita pizza, caprese salad, Bacaro burger (no egg), and the bread pudding. We really enjoyed everything we had, with the added bonus of seeing plates on other tables that looked delicious. It's always a good feeling to know that you want to go back to a restaurant and try other dishes. Our waiter was as attentive as possible (it was VERY crowded), and brought us free dessert wine to go with the bread pudding due to the wait. We left very satisfied and wanting to return. Tip: the portions are small, so order about 2-3 plates per person to feel satisfied. 

The rest: the place is VERY small. We got there before the big crush of people, but still had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table. You can order a drink at the bar while you wait, which is nice, but I feel sorry for the poor bartender because she has to handle everyone waiting for tables while still filling drink orders. There really isn't a designated waiting area for tables, so everyone was just standing around in the corridor from the kitchen to the tables, trying to squish against the wall and not get in the way. And because Bacaro is small and crowded, it gets very loud in there. For me, all of that was worth it because the food was so good, but I can see how it would be annoying. 

So if you want good food and good drinks, don't mind waiting for a table, and are okay with eavesdropping on your neighbors' conversations (the tables are very close to each other), then definitely check it out!
This place is a gem.  The food, wine and service exceeded our expectations.  It's a great place to take a date or just get away for an excellent meal.  The place is a bit small so if you intend on going be sure to make a reservation a few days in advance (on open table).  

The chef apparently did his training in the Richmond, VA area, so you'll be able to see the southern influence in the menu.  For me the food completely changed my perception on what southern food could be. I had a smoked pork shoulder with pureed sweet potatoes ... the flavor was indescribable!

My wife and I will pay this place a visit again for sure!
The usual steakhouse fare, with the exception that chops and steaks are always cooked perfectly.  The apple center cut pork chop is fabulous and so is moist and tender.   The perfect side dish you got to try is the mushrooms.  The portabellas and button mushrooms were so delicious with roasted garlic, very earthy and yummy!   The wait staff is professional and friendly!
Love love Biba!!! - the more mellow counterpart to Tria located in West Philly. I quickly noted its within a stone's throw from work- hmm after work drink?? The decor is modern, simple, and unassuming. The wine list is extensive and inclusive of Californian, French, Spanish, etc, etc.. Have tried more than a few items on the menu and really you can't go wrong. Cheese and meats galore that always seem to pair well with the wines. Love this place much more than crowded Tria...
If you like to drink wine at bars but your friends don't want to go to a wine bar, go to Shay's!  They have great wine, and for cheap!  

They pour a pretty good pint, too.  And the bartenders and servers are all really nice.  Also the people who come to Shay's are all pretty nice - I can't remember ever running into any bozos there.

The food is also surprisingly good, especially for the price.  The baked brie appetizer is definitely well worth the six bucks you fork out (beats out the B-Side's 10$ Baked Camembert, that's for sure).  Also the Tex-Mex stuff on the menu is better than you'd think - the chipotle beans are totally great.

Getting a spot outside on a warm night is awesome.  The more I come here, the more I like it.
4 stars!
We had the Prime Rib dinner on my birthday and everything was delicious- from their complimentary butter up to thier desserts! The portion was huge, we did not even finish our plate and also saving space for some desserts =) The birthday cake which is free is very tasty- We wonder if we can order it- Fleming's crew, any thoughts on this just in case you will be reading my review? Oh, don't forget to ask thier F17 sauce!! Special thanks to Ian our server and the Manager who gave us complimentary wine.
Had problem finding parking around this place... they do have a private lot at the back, but it was packed, so I had to circle around and look for street parking..the neighborhood wasn't exactly the place I would want to leave my baby there.

Came here for yelper's Teem's bday.. and the owner was nice enough to give us AYCE & AYCD deal on a Saturday night, but the time slot they gave us was kindda odd.. 5pm.  The deal comes with all you can drink wine (only one kind), it's dry and bitter...the beer was not bad tho, I had two sips...normally I don't like beers but I kindda like the German beer they gave us. There's baked potato and steak in the all you can eat menu.. potato is pretty good (but filling) and steak is excellent.. it's about medium rare, tender and juicy.. just the way I like it.. but it's pretty raw for many people in our group tho.  Forgot to mention the time limitation, 1 1/2 hr only, so some yelper show up really late and didn't get to eat much.. (so I think they might go for second round food else where)  I would of give them 4 stars but the lack of selection in the AYCE menu will have one star shy.
My friends had every intention of being sophisticated for the evening when we walked into the modern wine bar.  After all, they were no longer poor U of M students, but Michigan alumni.  But instead of ordering wine, they couldn't resist the temptation of the sparkling liquor bottles that were showcased behind the bar and before I knew it, I watched my friends resort to their old college ways.  The drinks were so strong that even I was giggling like a school girl. 

At that point, I think everyone was ready to eat some good old fashion bar food--like cheap nachos, pizza and fried mozerella sticks, but instead, we noshed on some not-so-cheap duck wings, steak, fish, risotto, and other gourmet treats.  

I wasn't particularly impressed with my risotto and mushroom dish, but everyone else really liked their meals.  

If anything,it a place where you can go to realize that no matter how much older you think you are, you are never too old to have a good time.
Despite the so-so reviews, we went (only because we were in Westwood for an event). Yes, the service isn't great, the food is just fine, but it's a decent place to go in Westwood if you want something other than fast food. It has a very pleasant atmosphere. N.B. I'm giving it an extra star for being a thankful alternative to the misnomered "Gardens on Glendon" cave-like restaurant across the street.
I absolutely love this place! The food is fantastic and the price is "just right"! But even better than the wine and culinary side of Bacaro LA is the customer Service!!! Danielle (one of the servers) is simply great. She knows the menu, wine selection, and is always welcoming.
Is it bad that this place makes me want Pabst, even though it's a "pub and wine bar" with an extensive wine and beer list, and even though I love good beer? It just brings out the side of me that wants to sit outside, drink beer til I drop, and not spend a fortune on it. I've swaggered out of here many times...

Come for the beer! Stay for the wine! Fight for a table! And those burgers smell good, plus there's pretty good veggie ones for us vegematarians. Seriously, if you can get a seat on that patio, snag it and stay for the night. From what I remember (...) it's a whole lotta hazy fun.
I was introduced to Fleming's by a few coworkers.  I was pretty impressed with the atmosphere, service and food.  Both times I visited, we started off in the bar for Happy Hour.  Quick tip:  HH is a happening place, so if you're not there within the first hour, you'll have a hard time finding a seat.  But if you can at least find a place to stand and place your drink, the bartenders will serve you and set you up with a place to eat.

Both times I went we started off with a HH beer, beef carpacio, portabella ravioli and shrimp (I can't remember the name of the dish).  Another quick tip:  I haven't had it yet, but their burger looks delicious.  For dinner, we ended up sitting at the bar.  I had the king crab legs with no sides, and the 2nd time I went, I had the porcini filet along with Fleming's potatoes (per my friend's recommendation) and chipotle mac and cheese.  The crab wasn't too bad, but my expectations were a little high for a high-end restaurant.  The filet on the other hand was delicious, as were the Fleming's potatoes.  The jalapenos in the potatoes were a nice touch.  As for the filet, it was cooked to a perfect medium-rare and topped with a very flavorful bluecheese/butter sauce.

Another plus is that my co-workers are regulars and they got to know the staff pretty well.  Both times I went, I had a nice chat with the bartenders and the head chef.  

Overall, I highly recommend Fleming's for their happy hour and, or, dinner.
Great place. The last of the relics. 
I can't believe urban outfitters, the ultimate corporate symbol, is near this place. The last bastion of old harvard square.
The menu is exciting with surprising flavors, and includes wonderful wine pairings. One of my favorite upscale restaurants in Ann Arbor.
BOMB burger for HAPPY HOUR! note: you have to sit at the bar or the patio for the happy hour menu. My roommate and I came here for a break from studying for finals. BEST BREAK EVER. Although it should've taken us 2 min. to drive here from where we live, it actually took us about 30 minutes to arrive to our destination, because the parking lot is so far from the restaurant! we got lost quite a few times. But we finally made it! Super nice ambiance inside, but you don't get if it you don't pay the big bucks for a meal. However, there are heat lamps outside so it's not too shabby. The waitresses were really nice and didn't act snobby like I expected from a high end restaurant. I shouldn't have made judgements in the first place but it was a nice surprise. So let's get to the important part........

Flemings Prime Rib Burger for only $6. SO much better than RR's burgers so less the price! The bread alone on the burger is AMAZING. It looks like a cinnamon roll! It's sooo soft and delicious, tastes homemade! and the meat was good, though the blood from my meat ended up making the bottom bun all soggy, but I don't like to eat my burgers with both buns anyway. The burger only comes with TWO onion rings (definitely NOT enough) but they were so good! savored every bite. Although I must say that the burger was surprisingly HUGE. I wish I could've shared it but that would be too cheap for us to do, even for college students.

Can't wait to come back for the burger and DRINKS! when i'm 21 in 1 month HOORAH! [:
Great new wine bar that's also a deli during the day.  At night they offer a great selection of wines (and bottled beer) at a really good price.  The bartenders are super friendly and give a good healthy pour.  The wine bar menu offers several kinds of cheese, almonds, and olives- at a much lower price than I'd expect.  There's cozy indoor seating and great outdoor seating both at ground level and upstairs on a covered/uncovered patio.  I definitely recommend TRU for an intimate rendezvous or a big get together.

The one quirk you'll either love or hate (I loved it) is that you order and pay all online.  You can either use your smart phone or one of their iPads.  No worries for those tech-non-savy individuals-- the bartenders can walk you though it :)  It's great though- you can be sitting outdoors upstairs, want a drink, and just pull out your phone and put in an order.  Very cool.
I am absolutely in love with this place! My husband and I went here to celebrate our first year anniversary and we left here without any regrets! I started out with the Russian Prom Queen martini and it was so refreshing! For an appetizer we got the sweet chili calamari and it was delish! The calamari was nice and tender and had a good flavor. As my entree I ordered the porcini crusted fillet with gorganzola sauce and my husband ordered the New York Strip. My fillet was so tender, if I had no teeth, I still would have been able to eat it without a problem! We also ordered the lobster mac and cheese and it was tasty. The cheese sauce was the perfect consistency and the lobster was cooked perfectly.

Since they knew it was our anniversary, a rep from their kitchen staff brought us out a box of truffles which was a really nice touch! We will definitely be back! Next time it will probably be for HH as the bill can add up rather quickly.
One of the best restaurants in Palo Alto. Parking is easy because it is in the Stanford Mall. Service is very good. Over 100 wines by the glass and you can buy 2 oz. pours, which I love.

I took my mom there for Mother's Day and she had the crab. I had the seafood tower appetizer and my brother had the ahi tuna appetizer. I guess the three of us don't eat a lot of steak. The portions on the appetizers were generous enough that a light eater does not need an entree. The bread was fresh and tasty.

Highly recommended.
Teresa's is fabulous, I would be happy eating three meals a day here.

We visited for lunch over the weekend, and it was difficult choosing from all of the selections on the menu.  I ended up with the Insalata di Pollo e Orzo, a delicious salad with grilled chicken, orzo, mixed greens, sweet red onions, marinated olives and a sun-dried tomato vinaigrette.  The salad was huge and every element complemented the other perfectly.  The table also go the Salmone Schiacciata panini, and the Penne all' Arrabbiata.  All of our meals were wonderful and left nothing to be desired.  We each enjoyed a coffee after lunch as well, and seriously considered going back for dinner!

The only slight negative to this place was our sullen server.  I won't fault him, as his service was impeccable, but he didn't crack a smile the entire time.  It didn't detract from our meal and we will definitely be back!
We went to Flemings last night for dinner and were pleasantly surprised. The service is impeccable!! Not one snooty staff member in this place!! We had a sweet petite brunette waitress. I wish I knew her name, She was great! From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted by about 10 different staff members who constantly ensured that everything was perfect. We had a water guy, a bread guy, a waitress and a server. Someone was constantly waiting on us without being intrusive or interrupting our conversation. We had the chilled seafood entree with fresh crab legs, shrimp and lobster, totally Fab! My french onion soup was piping hot the Cesar salad was great. I don't eat steak... so I can't attest for that but the place was packed Carnivores, men and women in business attire and few seniors in Tommy Bahama shirts.. No sign of a recession here... you get what you pay for and it was well worth it.
Meat and potato place... no doubt about it. 

Service is impeccable! Nice steakhouse decor with lots of wood and wood trims. The dining booths are very comfortable. 

NY Steak and Rib Eye are excellent. The chef prepares the meat exactly to your desired "wellness". Unless you really wanted rare, seared on the outside; warm, but RED in the inside, you better order medium rare. 

Meat is very tender and the spice marinated on the meat is perfect! 

You must try their Idaho potato (HUGE!) with bacon bits (real with no fat parts) and butter. Asparagus is ok. Crab Cake appetizer is perfectly prepared as well as the very tasty Asian inspired calamari (not oily, but crunchy). 

The wine list by the glass is large (100). But, the wines by the glass are so-so. I brought a bottle of Chateaux Barton 2003. The waiter decanted and served it. It was a perfect pairing for steak night. Corking fee is only $20; very reasonable. 

Of course, the one bottle of wine is not enough. We ordered the Flowers Pinot Noir. To my surprise, it is very good! 

Then, comes dessert: chocolate lava was wonderful. Sweet and moist chocolate with chocolate syrup flowing from the inside. Pairing that with cappuccino was delightful. 

Not cheap... but worth every dollar.
This is a great happy hour place, however, come early and reserve your table because it gets packed fast every day!  The food was ok.  As my friend suggested "this is a good time to try out their food [during happy hour]" and I thought it was decent.  I have yet to try their steaks for dinner.  Their drinks are pretty good.  I will return for a happy hour, and this time I know what to pick.  The beef carpaccio is fresh and tastes ok, and I recommend the ahi!
Took my pops here on Father's day.

I brought him to Alexander's for Father's day a couple of years back and spent like 600 there so let's just say the bar was set pretty high for all future steakhouses.  My previous experience here at Fleming's was pretty mediocre overall.  The food wasn't bad, but the waiter really screwed the night up.

After a long time of avoiding this place, I decided to give them another shot... I'm glad I did.  My parents loved their meals and so did the gf.  I had an excellent New York strip cooked medium rare with a few pretty solid sides.  The Mac N cheese was great, the garlic mash - great, grilled asparagus - good, green beans with mushrooms - not bad.

They really push their impressive wine list, but I stuck with my long island.

Didn't try dessert this time around either...didn't have room for it.  :P
Surely we must have hit Greek week because half the restaurant was awash in drunken fraternity and sorority SC college kids who were dressed classy, but definitely not acting classy.  The noise in the restaurant was stratospheric - on par with dining at Bottega Louie downtown.  It's entirely possible that the 1 hour wait standing up while having to listen to drunken college kids colored my opinion of Bacaro so I'll give Bacaro the benefit of the doubt.

Moving onto the positives.  The wine list is extensive and filled with some reasonably priced options.  Given the number of good bottles between $30-$40 we found ourselves buying bottles over glasses. The menu also has some highlights.

The interior is simple and has a small NY wine bar vibe with the exposed brick walls and cozy, contemporary feel.  The most decorative item is their wine bottle light fixture.  Assuming the noise levels are within reason, this would be a perfect spot to hang with the lady friend or meet up with friends for wine and a bite to eat.
I came here with my Mom on a Friday evening. The restaurant was at about 40% capacity. Mom had the crabcakes appetizer with lobster mashed potatoes on the side. I had the prime rib steak with shrimp. THE FOOD WAS AWESOME. The two crabcakes were huge and not bready (I am from Maryland and I haaaaaaaaaaate bready). The lobster mashed potatoes had a crapton of lobster on the top and the mashed potatoes were ridiculously cheesy. The portion was enough for two. The steak was the best steak I have ever had that I 1) Didn't cook myself or 2) This one other steak my friend made. It was perfectly rare (although not cooked consistently...which I'm pretty okay with) and had great texture and flavor. The steak itself had too much butter. While it tasted and felt juicy, when I cut it up, there were very little juices to sop up with the next piece of steak.  I have no idea why this would happen. I tried the three sauces you can get (upon request). The Bearnaise was not very flavorful and actually masked the steak taste. The Peppercorn tasted like a good beef gravy. The third one tasted like crap. The steak tasted best by itself. The steak had a LOT of fat on it. I don't know if this is normal for ribeye, but it was definitely a 1:4 ratio (not including the bone). The shrimp had too much pepper and was overcooked. The tails were burned and I eat the tails. sadface. Unless it is normal to overcook shrimp when it's with steak, which come to think of it, seems to be the trend I have experienced throughout life. 

The service was outstanding. One guy for water, one guy for serving the food, and one waiter. Perhaps my glass wouldn't have been adequately full the entire time if I'd gotten a fountain drink. Either way, having my drink always full always adds a star. The waiter was attentive, informative, and present without being invasive. The food came out within a reasonable amount of time.

The hostess was enthusiastic. The ambiance very steakhouse-like (darkly lit and lots of dark wood). The booth was very comfortable, the table the perfect size, and everything was clean. The bathroom was very clean (although the doors and handles were a little bacteria-ridden and eaten up). They have those ridiculously idiotic sinks where the spout is right up against the edge of the sink-ew! Their paper towels are so fabulous they are worth mentioning. 

I definitely intend to come here again. When I have $100 to spend on dinner.
Bacaro is wonderful!  The owners are SO nice.  One used to work at AOC, and this place is like a mini AOC, without the ridiculous priceyness.  It's especially nice to have something like this in the area.  The inside of the place is great, too!

You can get a nice appetizer, small plates and a glass of wine for $20.  We shared the bruscetta which was nice, and a salad.  Can't wait to try the lunch specials, and the hot small plates.
The burger served at lunchtime is probably the best burger I've ever had. I've moved to Chicago and just tried Kuma's Corner's burgers (nationally recognized as great burgers), but I think Glasshalfull's are better. At Glasshalfull, the burger is not an overwhelming size. It's juicy, gooey, and seasoned well. The fingerling potatoes on the side are good, not great, but they don't taste as heavy/greasy as fries would. 

We also tried Glasshalfull's 3 course dinner (Monday thru Thursdays 5-6:30pm), which was a good value at $20 per person with a few choices of appetizers, entrees, and desserts. The highlight for me was a chicken skewer I tried as the entree. Chicken doesn't usually "wow" me, but this did. It was juicy and had a great charred flavor with a tasty dip and vegetables with it. I like that they had healthy choices. You may not get huge portions, but the quality is worth the price. 

I probably would feel it's a bit pricey to order small plates a la carte for dinner and prefer trying the lunch menu and dinner deals instead. Service has always been attentive. The atmosphere feels casual at lunch and romantic and cozy at dinner. The outdoor seating area and plants outside are lovely. I would go out of my way to go here again when I visit NC.
Nice atmosphere.  However, we had the Bubble Room reserved and found out when we arrived that we didn't have it anymore.  Uh...?  So, we were piled into the little side room to the right of the stairs adjacent to the cellar.  We had more people than chairs.  Despite their mess up, the food was tasty and the wine complemented it well.
What's to like about Biba Wine Bar?

 * Location
 * Layout
 * Pricing
 * Savory Fare

Biba is the closest wine and cheese establishment to West Philly and University City; a convenient stopping point when heading west from Center City. 

Although Biba is quite small, it is anything but intimate. The large, bar-height dining table in the middle of the mahogany and white-tile clad restaurant alludes to the communal atmosphere: share dishes, share opinions, and share company with those you know and those you don't. The staff is warm, knowledgeable, and willing to discuss what you are enjoying and what makes it special. 

Biba is priced more moderately than its Tria counterparts. No glass of wine is above $10 and no plate above $12. The idea is to bring people a wide selection of moderately priced, savory fare. I am happy to say this idea is well executed.

I sampled three different cheeses and spreads. The Cherry Grove Toma from Lawrenceville, NJ with strawberry preserves; Montgomery's Cheddar from Somerset, England with horseradish mustard; and the Colston-Basset Stilton from Nottinghamshire, England with pear butter. The menu described the Cherry Grove Toma as one of the establishment's most approachable cheeses, and its coupling with strawberry preserves made it my favorite combination. The Stilton is an enjoyable English blue cheese with a pungence similar to Gorgonzola balanced by the pear butter. Montgomery's Cheddar, one of the world's most well-respected cheddars, was sharp and savory yet still well rounded. 

I also sampled two food dishes, the first being the Prosciutto San Danielle with Spiced Medjool Dates. These prized dates taste more like candy than fruit; they are extremely sweet with hints of caramel. 

My favorite dish, by far, was the Truffled Egg with Potato, Wild Mushrooms, Spinach and Fontina. I have never tasted anything so creamy and savory. The dish is so satisfying from just a few bites that it  belies the complexity of the flavor. Of all the wonderful things on the menu, this is absolutely not to be missed. 

The wine does not disappoint.  My first was the Bodega Benegas "Don Tiburcio" which is a blended red wine; some Cabernet although predominantly a Malbec. The wine begins with a woody, smokey aroma, continuing into a predominantly spicy, fruity flavor and smooth finish. It offers a flexible pairing although quite enjoyable by itself. Be wary of the Meinert Cabernet Sauvignon, a turbulent wine with several  conflicting flavors vying for your attention. Enjoy it for the sake of having something rare and unusual. 

I don't usually write about bathrooms but Biba's features the Toto Clean Dry, a high speed hand dryer. I thought it was really fun to use. But I also think the Jackass movies are brilliant pieces of performance art so take that with a grain of salt. 

Overall, I am extremely happy with my experience at Biba, especially considering it had only been open for two days when I went there. I will be back, and if you see me please don't be afraid to say hi.
Don't get take out. My bf brought me a steak home and it was cold like they had it in the fridge. Just picking it up I knew it was going to be dry too. Not worth $40 for a dry, freezing steak that will ruin when I put it in the microwave.
Want to go somewhere in Ann Arbor where you will feel like you're eating in a chic New York city restaurant?  Come to Vinology!

I tend to be a picky eater, so I had some trouble with the menu (and if you're picky too you may just want to look it over), but in the end I found something I could eat and I very much enjoyed it.

The vibe is really nice and the wait staff seem to be considerate and friendly! 

As I've advised before though, just look the menu over and make sure it seems like somewhere where you could enjoy your meal.  If the menu options are to your liking, you will be in for a real treat!
I had never been to Fleming's before last night, but now I think it'll be our go to place for elegant dinners in San Diego. Last night was our wedding anniversary and we had reservations at a near-by hawaiian fusion restaurant. We've always had great experiences there but unfortunately last night was miserably loud and just not the ambiance we were looking for in a romantic night out. Maybe it was because the raiders were in town? oh well. We left and tried Fleming's because it was close and had great reviews. I'm so glad we did!

Even without a reservation we were seated right away. The vibe in the room was classy and calm, just what we were hoping for. Different staff members made it a point to come over and wish us happy anniversary and even sent us complimentary champagne! Suffice it to say, we found the service to be fabulous!

Also, the food was just as fabulous! From the delicious bread basket to the filet mignon, green beans and mushrooms, everything was cooked perfectly and we savored every bite! 

Even though we didn't order dessert they still sent us home with complimentary chocolate cake. What a great touch! I felt like a VIP and completely enjoyed the entire experience. 

Thank you for saving our night Fleming's! We'll be back!
I had valuable clients that were in town and I decided to bring them to Flemings after I heard that it was an excellent restaurant. To cut to the chase, this restaurant is over rated. We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Our waiter arrived at our table after a few minutes and we asked him if there were any specials for the evening. His answer was that they had a wine which usually sold for $150 but was only $130 this night - what a deal! 
We ordered our meal and I told the waiter that this was a business dinner and that we would like to be served at a leisurely pace. How he interrupted this request was to rush our service (it was a Monday night with plenty of empty tables) and the leisure part was that he could never be found when we needed him. When our food arrived, the order was wrong. We then had to wait while half of our party ate while the others sat and watched. The meal itself was average - very small potions and while the steaks were good I have had better. The bottom-line, there are far better restaurants with finer steaks and far superior service for the price.
My girlfriends and I enjoyed a delicious lunch here one lazy weekend in SLO. Seriously girl food! Cheese, sparkling wine and salted chocolate? Need I say more? We enjoyed being the only o nes in this tiny little place, and received exceptional service. The ambiance is coffee shop shabby chic, and we loved it. It was a perfect place for a shopping break in downtown SLO!
Went for dinner with some friends a few weeks ago for the first time.
I was simply amazed at the wide selection of appetizers, so we ordered a few for the table.

The waiter, who was very courteous, first brought out a basket of warm fresh bread and olive oil which we all devoured. 
The appetizers we ordered looked amazing but portioned smaller than I would have liked for the price.  But they were great!
The date stuffed gorgonzola wrapped panchetta was probably the best thing I've ever put into my mouth. Almost a perfect balance of a sweet, salty and smokey flavor. 
We also ordered the grilled sausage with spicy mustard and the arrancia fried risotto stuffed with with mozzarella that were amazingly good. 

For dinner I ordered crespelle in the style of apulia which was basically a pasta crepe with burrata cheese. Very good but also very filling. One thing about the main entrees is the portions were were very satisfying.

My friends ordered a grilled corn margarita pizza off the special's menu, which was fantastic. An entree of assorted seasonal vegetables which was huge and had at least 7 different types of really fresh vegetables. And some sort of white fish dish, that although tasted good, the plate somewhat resembled a bloody crime scene.
 
A bit pricey for your typical night out, yes. But overall the food and dining experience as a whole was very satisfying.
Food is excellent! I had a mushroom cheese risotto that was so good, I debated whether I should have ordered a second. And some fish dish that was perfect.  This place is a bit on the pricey side. They do have a happy hour during the week, on Saturdays and sunday but the drink prices are still even with happy hour not  that good.
"For refund, insert baby here ----"

It says this on the condom machine in the bathroom... Funny, I know.

If I was to walk into a corner pub in London... this is what I imagine I'd see.  Shay's eminates that old-fashioned pub essence, while offering a modern experience.  

The bartenders were attentive and friendly.  The eclectic mix of folk and alternative music was satisfying, and the patrons were atypical of Harvard Square.  

Things I've heard:  The outdoor seating makes this place even better (imagine 6 Stars).  And, the burgers are awesome (I'll have to give them a try next time).

Things I know:  I'll be back, and next time I'm getting the PBR in a bottle... that's a rarety.
it was good. food was tasty in the moment but forgettable a week later.  it does its job.  the challenge is its location...not the "best" neighborhood for a lone lady to be traipsing around...but the interior is clean and modern.  when we went late last year on a cold winter's night the place was BUSTLING on a thursday night for happy hour.
We went there a few weeks back so they could redeem themselves after the Mother's Day incident.  Oddly enough, when we sat down the silver had old food crusted to it, again!  However, I quickly pointed it out and they fixed it.  After that, everything was great.  A dirty martini made perfectly, we split a bottle of the Rombauer Zinfandel and enjoyed two great steaks.  The service was excellent and we'll be back!
Troy is full of architectural gems, and this is one. It reminds me of the college dining hall in New College at the University of Edinburgh ( http://www.thunderdog.co.uk/newcollege.jpg )- lined with dark wood, curving ceiling beams, and a pipe organ at the end of the room. And a nice long bar separated from the main space by a divider. The pipe organ gives a hint to its history - it was originally a chapel, part of the YWCA.

I'd been for drinks before and finally had dinner recently. How's the food? Very good, but shy of 5 stars b/c it's pricey (esp. the wine list) for what and where it is, and some things aren't quite perfect. I expected the grilled brie to ooze out of its moldy shell but it was surprisingly firm on the inside - my guess is that it had gone from fridge to grill, rather than ripening at room temperature prior to the grill. Pear salad was excellent. Filet mignon wasn't as peppery as I'd hoped from the peppercorn rubbing but otherwise very good. It also came a little too quick, which made the meal feel a little rushed. But I'll be back.

(a quick update - the Troy Night Out afterparty (http://troynightout.org/) was here a few days back, & it was a great party venue since you could take drinks out to their outdoor tables on the street. Pounding electronica, video art & the pipe organ made for a cool juxtaposition, too).
We arrived early at sat at the bar.  The bar tender was friendly, conversant with the menu and wine list and treated us like royalty.  We shared a few tapas dishes and a pizza.  The food was, in a word, excellent.  Fresh, carefully prepared, beautifully presented and was just simply out of this world.  The view and atmosphere are just perfect.  I just can't wait to go back again.  I would say it was a lot like al forno, however the people were warm and welcoming and not snobby at all (unlike Al Forno).
My fiance and I have been back here several times, most recently tonight, and have always enjoyed our food, even at the high prices of a steakhouse.    Some additional things I can recommend: the excellent filet mignon, the happy hour burger for $6 (have to order at the bar), and the mushroom ravioli appetizer.   We also still really enjoy the shoestring fries and the outstanding lava cake.   They have great happy hour food specials, and regularly offer coupons or prix fixe menus.

The only thing that I've had here that I would not recommend is the lobster mashed potatoes.  We ordered them tonight, and while they were very tasty mashed potatoes, the meat in them looked very different than I was accustomed to.  Instead of the bright red meat one associates with Maine lobster, it was gray-ish white and in small curls that resembled shrimp in appearance.   I asked on the way out, and they told me that it is slipper lobster meat.  Slipper lobster is actually a different species of lobster (see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slipper_lobster) than Maine lobster.  The flavor is very different.  I would not order this again.
Excellent Food....Excellent Service.....A must see...
When I first got into Fleming's, I noticed the huge wine selection they have.  I guess this is what they are known for.  Personally I'm not a wine drinker so I cannot comment on that...However...I can comment on the ambiance, service and food ;)

Ambiance: 4 stars!  It is a nicely designed and nicely lit.  You kinda knew the meal was gonna be pricey...Everything had a woody tone (like most steak houses) and the lighting was dim and cozy.  They have a nice bar area, but I would say it's on the small side if you came here for their 6til7 happy hour with $6 deals.

Service: 5 stars! I expect the best service, especially at a steakhouse.  There should be at least 3 waitstaff per table, your server and 2 assisting.  Flemings definitely did not lose any stars for service.  We got everything we needed in the right amount of time.  The server knew the menu well and perfectly timed our dessert order.  She also made sure everything was going well.

Food:.........sadly, 3 Stars!...Here's my justification.  I don't think you can ever go wrong with steak.  You might OVER cook it or UNDER cook it, but steak is delicious on its own.  So it doesn't take much if the Steaks are aged correctly.  Personally, I don't think Fleming's steaks are "spectacular" especially for the price.  I ordered the Porterhouse steak (not on the menu) and it was a run of the mill porterhouse/T-bone.  It was juicy and cooked ALMOST perfect, but it lacked what a $49.95 steak should taste like.  I usually go for Ribeyes everywhere I go, but I was told the "prime bone-in ribeye" was only 14 oz.  Minus the bone and fat, I'd probably would get a 11 ounce net amount of edible meat.  I don't think what would have suffice for my appetite last night.  I did not see them brag about their aging process  (or if there was any) so no point in getting the ribeye.  The steak could have been cut a little thicker because I ordered my steak Medium, and it was on the verge of being medium well.  I also got the sauteed mushrooms and green bean sides.  Both are good, but not great.  For dessert we got the chocolate lava cake and blueberry cheesecake.  For some reason, the lava cake was on the salty side...like VERY salty.  The cheesecake was...well, cheesecake.  No hoopla over that.  

All and all, it was an A-OK dining experience.  Price vs. Food value was horrible.  Ambiance and service was great.  I guess I expected too much and ended up being disappointed.
I have a mixed review.  I was happy with the food, not as thrilled with the wine, and concerned about a few other things.  

I had called ahead to make sure I didn't need a reservation and was told, "just show up and we'll take care of you".  However, when we entered the restaurant, the first thing we saw was a packed house and 1 table was open.  As we got closer, there was a "reserved" sign on it!  That was my first bit of annoyance.  

We did have to wait, but it was no big deal.  We found out later the reserved table was for a party of 10.

The food was really amazing.  The menu on-line said they serve Estancia Grass Fed Beef Burgers but the menu there said something about Angus beef.  I am picky, but I forgot to ask what that discrepancy was about.  The burger was really tastey and served with a fried egg on top!  We had a great beet salad and some artichoke hearts.  It was all really good.

The wine though, threw me for a bit of a loop.  I thought it would be tastings but you could only get wine by the glass.  The size of the glasses were small and it felt like I wasn't getting as much as I get elsewhere.  It's all good, I probably didn't need any more than I received but my perception of it was off.

Then, in the middle of eating this amazing meal, we smelled the really strong smell of BLEACH!  I don't know what that was about but it wasn't good.  We left pretty soon after and the smell had dissipated but if I were a restaurant owner, I wouldn't let bleach out of the bottle until all my customers were gone.

Just telling it like I saw it.  Bacaro is a "must experience for yourself" kind of a place.  I think it is doing wonders for the neighborhood as well--taking it up a notch!!!  Enjoy :)
typical american food with a slightly more classy vibe than most of the other restaurants around westwood.
HOW did I not know about this place until last week (well actually HOW did I not go to this place until last week).  Me and the boyfriend went here on a sunday night, and got a table (GREAT outdoor area) before it got too busy ... fully intended to get food (more on the nachos later) and we literally had way too much fun ordering random beers and black and tans (or a black velvets mmmmm magners/Guinness) to think about food. 

All the booze is really well priced (aka we got sufficiently lit and the bill wasn't horrible). ANY any place that has MAGNERS on my tap is my new favorite place.  I also fully intend on having a WINE only night here so I can try every single thing on the wine menu. 

We eventually ordered nachos, decided that 1/2 nachos would be enough to allow us to keep drinking .... so when i say 1/2 nachos i mean a plate full of freaking awesome nachos (I am tempted to order the full nachos just to compare size).  As the boyfriend pointed out (and I am sure to the delight of ALL) someone must have done the cheese and chips in LAYERS because the cheese wasn't just on the top leaving a bunch of plain chips on the bottom, nacho genius. 

I think we must have say in the corner table for about 3 hours. During which time we smoked a packed of a cigarettes (WHERE can you do that any more???) And watched random people wander in and out of the entrance/stone wall that apparently you can be served beer at. 

In conclusion, I am assuming this place is more crowded on a Saturday/Friday night (meaning I won't be able to have that lovely table again) but this place provided for a perfect little sunday night.
Napa Valley Grille is an easy place to head after work for some vino and good food.  The staff was extremely helpful the other night and gave some phenomenal wine recommendations.  Impressive list to choose from...

I plan on going there again for Happy Hour one night and trying more of the food.  The atmosphere was pretty relaxed as well.  I'm hoping to find more places in Westwood that have an extensive wine list and fun Happy Hour.
I had to change my review, because this is now one of my favorite steak places in San Diego. I've come up with the perfect combo at this place.

First, order a NY Strip. This cut of steak is perfect. Nice and firm with just enough marbling for flavor. Plus the flavor of a NY Strip is hard to beat. They make a perfect Strip here. Order medium rare, as steaks with a little higher fat content need more time to cook the fat more. Now, I used to like Ruths Chris with all the butter, but not anymore. Here, they give it just the right amount, not too much butter, but hardly any. It really brings out the flavor of the steak much more than drowning it in butter. And everytime Ive ordered my Strip here, its made perfectly medium rare.

They now have garlic mashed, which I love. Its not typical garlic mashed potatoes, its regular mashed, then topped with a pureed garlic mixture. Ive also ordered sauteed spinach and sauteed mushrooms, both very good with the right amount of garlic. 

The kinda bummer this is I dont love their appetizers. They are ok, but nothing to rave about, and they dont have lobster bisque, which I love and usually is present in a steak house menu. 

Dont forget to save room for dessert. Their Lava Cake is the best here. Its fairly big and it is so gooey inside. I hate it when they say Lava cake with hardly any lava inside. But here, just the outside is cooked. Most of the inside is gooey chocolate filling. Truly the best.

Ive been to a lot of nice steak houses, and this place is one of my favorites.
One of my favorite things to do with out-of-towners on a weekday night is go to Napa Valley Grill. I love the weekdays because I know the restaurant will be emptier and hence the servers are even more attentive than they usually are, yet the food seems to be just as good as it is on the weekends. This restaurant is excellent for wine lovers. Usually, we get a flight or two and most of the time the waiter is incredibly knowledgeable about every wine. If you're a real foody, Napa Valley Grill is an excellent place to linger over your meal and learn something from the servers. If you're looking for a more romantic atmosphere, try to get seating on the patio.
The place has undergone a change  lately, dropping the emphasis on Tapas and moving to a more conventional format with full entrees.  But after half a dozen visits we can say that it's still a pleasant place to dine with a good look, an adventurous and fairly priced wine list and a friendly wait staff. 
You can also still get fresh oysters which makes our day.
Finally had a chance to return and took advantage of the Tuesday tasting menu (with wine pairing).  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.  As remembered, the flavors were amazing and the service was absolutely perfect!  I will certainly be back - hopefully sooner than later.
Went last night for a birthday celebration food was great, view amazing and wait staff was very knowledgable on the menu. I will definitely be back.
Love love loved this tiny little wine bar. Don't be fooled when you walk in and they hand you worn out leather bound books- they're actually the wine list! Incredibly clever presentation, loved the different glasses they had.... i enjoyed champagne from an old fashioned champagne flute. The ambiance reminds me of a bohemian wine bar in NYC, featuring tasty imported wines at both $8 a glass and by the full bottle. We decided that one drink should turn into three and then felt we needed some food so we ordered their cheese plate. Not only was the presentation adorable- it was served on a lifted cake stand, but there were a wide variety of artisan cheeses, dips, grilled breads and fruit to keep us satisfied. Simple, chic, easy. Though watch out on a Saturday night as seating is at a premium in this tiny little gem. They have two beers on tap also!
You would not think this was going to be a good time.  Toast is strategically located between the Hillman Cancer Center and Cricket's strip club, overlooking the bus highway.  Parking is on the street.  The building itself is nondescript.  Walk in.  

Inside it is warm, dark and VERY COZY.  The crowd is laid back and friendly.  The menu is sophisticated, yet not fussy.  The restaurant has confidence.  We went there once with reservations and the manager immediately said, "I have a seat upstairs but no one is up there.  I'm guessing you want to be downstairs.  Let me buy you a glass of wine and we'll get you seated when the next table comes up here.'  That's the kind of smart service you want.  Loved it.

Overall, Very sexy.  Bring your spouse.  Bring a date.  Bring both.  They'll thank you for it.
Awesome!  I'd wandered by Shay's on various occasions when walking through Harvard Square, but had never ventured inside.  One chilly, snowy evening in December, my BF and I headed to Harvard Square for dinner and afterward wanted to get some drinks.  A small basement bar sounded inviting.  We had the misfortune of getting to Shay's just before a Christmas-themed pug crawl.  Note to pub crawls: Shay's is small, please go elsewhere.  However, some friendly intoxicated people were just leaving and we were able to set up shop at a corner of the bar, and after the group left, the small space was much more navigable.  I personally prefer wine and beer over liquor 95% of the time, so I happily sampled from both menus.  I do indeed love the cozy atmosphere and the bartenders that night were both great.  And the bonus: we discovered that they were serving warm apple cider spiked with port wine.  A glass of that was the perfect end to evening before venturing back outside.

UPDATE:  The food is tasty too!  The boyfriend and I went to Shay's on a Thursday night and got some drinks and chow.   The menu is small, but reasonably priced and actually quite good, so check them out for that too!
Overall nice place.  Order your meat on the undercooked side because in my opinion my medium filet was overcooked.  Also get a sauce with your filet because it tended to be dry.

The ambience was nice, server was friendly, we like to take our time so the complaints here on yelp about the service being slow doesn't bother us.

Chocolate lava cake is awesome!

Pass on the Half and Half (fries and rings).  Not that great.

Like I said overall good but I think ruth's chris is more flavorful.
A truly wonderful experience!  I've been here twice and have never been disappointed.  I love the samosas!  The waiters are extremely knowledgeable about the wine selection and are more than happy to help with a selection.
I visited this place in November of 2009.  I loved the atmosphere and the food was great.  Small plates and fairly expensive for what you get, but I felt it was worth it.  I recommend the olive plate.  I would definitely go back.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR HAPPY HOUR ONLY: 
Mon-Sat 3-7, 9-12 and Sun 3-11

We wandered in here by accident as the HH sign caught our eye as we were walking back to our car to go somewhere else because Palomino's down the street was too crowded during HH.  It was around 10:30pm and there were plenty of open tables by the bar so I was relieved to finally get to sit down, kick back with some drinks and appetizers.  The menu looked pretty good, the ambiance was nice.

We tried the fish tacos, mac n cheese, and veal steak and fries.  Portions are definitely small.  Fish tacos were okay.  Steak was burnt and overdone.  The mac n cheese was flavorless.  Better to save the calories for something tastier.  To top it all off, the waitress knocked my cider over which spilled all over my dates new jacket and all she seemed to care about was getting me another cider.  While I was the one grabbing napkins and cleaning up the mess she made.

Now I know why this place is always empty for happy hour, while you have to fight to get a seat down the street at Palominos.
I am surprised at the number of excellent review this place received- but maybe because they all focussed on Happy Hour and meeting people not the actual restaurant. Who knows!
We went on Saturday night after hearing what a great place it was from our friends.  We got seated right away but were near the door to the patio which made the area drafty and uncomfortable- I should have said something so this was my mistake.
The place is too big- number one- it felt like a factory churning customers in and out with a mass produced quality, something that neither I nor my husband appreciate. It took a good ten minutes for them to bring bread to the table after bringing our drinks and then the food came right away. Decent salads, tasty, no complaints, very nice entrees- well prepared fish and very nicely seasoned couscous. The portions were on the small side but it was fine. Actually, I really liked the food but the atmosphere and service were not great. As I said; too loud and crowded and many, many rooms with tons of people. The waiter was a bit smarmy and condescending, and the service was slow. We waited until were almost done with our coffee to get dessert- which was just a plate of cookies so not sure why we were waiting. We had to ask for water more than once.
All in all an ok experience but not romantic as someone else said- they must have had one too many of those happy hour cocktails and the food wasn't good enough to put up with the lack in service and atmosphere. 
Me, I will pass on this one in the future.
Solid 2.5 stars. 

meh, I have had better for what was served and how much we paid.  It came out to be about $100/person. 

Food: 2.5/5
Service: 2.5/5
ambiance: 2.5/5


Party of 15 in a very tight space. The food presentation was eh. Actually, the presentation was pretty bad, considering it is a $$$ restaurant. My filet mignon came out in a white plate with no garnish, and the mashed potatoes and green beans came out in multiple plates--family style. For dessert, I ordered walnut turtle pie.

Yea, I definitely wouldn't come back unless the meal was free..

We ordered about 4 bottles of wine.

Making reservation in late October, I already had low expectations (and Flemings was one of my last choices) b/c all the other places were either booked or couldn't accommodate our party because we were too big to be on the main dinning floor or too small to be in a private room.
My parents have been wanting to come here for dinner for a long time, so for their anniversary, my hubby, brother, and I decided to take them to Fleming's!  We made a reservation for 6pm on a Sunday night, but due to my mom's rushing, we got there half an hour early.

Well, we're not ones to waste time, so we decided to sample their "5 for $6 till 7pm" happy hour.  Hubby and brother got glasses of wine (the merlot and pinot noir, respectively) and I got a tropical martini.  My parents decided to stick with soda.  We started with the carpaccio, seared tuna, and calamari.

The carpaccio was wonderful, and served with some toasted crostinis.  It was very fresh and a very large portion.  The tuna was a bit spicy for me (served with a wasabi dressing), so I didn't enjoy the flavor too much... but the tuna (without sauce) was yummy.  The calamari was like heaven--served with peppers that gave it a bit of a kick.  

We also decided to try their special prime burger (also part of the happy hour menu) which featured swiss or cheddar cheese and bacon.  Everything was so good, we never ended up eating dinner (got full off of happy hour!)  

That was a bit of a bummer, but honestly, I can't fault a place for serving a great happy hour.  I would love to come back (especially if they moved closer to san jose :))
Well, the Fearless Critic led us to Cova and I was not disappointed.  We walked in and were greeted by a sweet hostess who turned out to be our waitress as well.  They were extremely understaffed for the size of the place, but since it wasn't too busy, it wasn't the end of the world.  If we were in any kind of rush, I'd be pretty irritated since there were really, really long waits in between getting our order, bringing the wine, and then bringing the cheese.  My hubby is convinced that they do that on purpose so that you finish your wine and need to get more by the time the cheese gets there.  :)

We ended up doing a flight of wine each and enjoyed both immensely.  I'm not much a of Pinot Noir kinda gal, so my hubby's choices didn't bowl me over.  I enjoyed all three of my wines and it was pretty affordable for the generous portions.  

Our cheese was phenomenal.  We ended up doing the cheese and meat platters for both of us (waaaay too much food) and we tried all the hard cheeses and one soft.  The cheese was from a variety of places and the descriptions were well thought out and right on cue.  The meats were wonderfully prepared and perfect for any combination with the cheeses that we had.  The french bread was warm and flaky--just the way I like it.  

We ended up walking around the store and looking at all the bottles they had.  Evidently Mr. Monsterville (seriously, I wanna see some ID--I just cannot believe that is his last name!) hand picks each of the wines that he has in his store and he has some prestigious certificate of sommeliers that I forgot the name of.  They also have a wine club and boxes (soooo, east coast!), but the prices were pretty steep.  They do all sorts of fun wine classes that piqued my interest and specialty events.  I took a peek at their Valentine's Day menu and it looks fabulous--an entire lobster theme.  Yum!
I was pleasantly surprised, after reading some of the reviews here. We sent to NVG on a Saturday. We had a reservation, and were seated immediately. Our server was a blonde woman who was very friendly and attentive, and let us know that she was training another person - another blonde girl who looked just like her, she joked. They were both really nice and helpful during our entire meal. 

We started with their flatbread with brie which was good, and had their puree corn soup which was excellent. For dinner, I had the warm spinach salad. It was very, very good. The warm spinach really made it feel more like a meal rather than the usual grass and sticks salad that I so often consume. I subbed the blue cheese for goat cheese, and asked for the prosciutto on the side. If I ate meat, the prosciutto would have probably been a favorite as they serve it crispy, rather than deli style.  

From what I understand, my family members enjoyed their meals as well. The only thing I could say as a complaint is that it was a very long dinner, as some things lagged in arrival from the kitchen, but not bad at all. If you are looking to make a show, this isn't a get in and get out type of place, it seems. I agree it's a tad bit pricey, but not out of this world. Again, we received great service and the food was pretty darn good so I have no true complaints. 

Valet parking is $4 w/ validation from NVG. Otherwise, it's $6.
Fancy steakhouse... but it barely makes 4 stars... barely.  Something about it being in a mall takes away a bit of ambiance (even if it isn't directly attached).  But I guess it mostly makes up for that with the abundance of parking.

Service was surprisingly sub-par.  It was classy service, but they were just plain uninterested in being helpful or useful.  This place makes me think that a fixed-rate tip system would work better than the common percentage-tip system we so often use in the USA.  The $20 tip ($125 x 16%) I gave to these guys could buy me a whole 'nother steak at Outback!  I'm just sayin that I've been to places with far-better, superb service where a 20% tip would be under $5.  Fleming's guys don't earn their tips.

Steaks are definitely good, drinks are OK too, but it's not really "outstanding" - especially when you consider the price.  

My wife and I ordered the special Dinner-for-two they had, a porterhouse and sides.  My wife got a drink, and I just had a soda ... yet I walked out of there $150 lighter.

Not a bad dining experience, but just not worth it.
I went to a lunch with friends at Nappa Valley Grille in Westwood. I was a little worried about whether or not I'd be able to get in bein a t shirt, shorts, and flip flop kinda guy. The place looks pretty nice, not sure if I'd be let in, but alas I was. SO LET'S GET YELPIN!  It started off Great! It wasn't too busy. The waiter was nice but seemed occupied. Bread was brought to our table with a very good tapenade! I ordered the open face flat iron steak sandwich. The steak was very thinly sliced on a thick square piece of garlic bread. On top of it all are flavorful drunk onions and a horseradish fondue sauce. It is partnered with really good sweet potato fries. I really enjoyed my sandwich. The steak was tender and the horseradish fondue sauce on top was really good.  The horseradish is VERY subtle and not overpowering. I noticed it started getting pretty busy and as a result, our waiter was very hard to get a hold of. It seemed as if they may be understaffed for the Westwood lunch rush.  However, as I watched the other servers, I realized it was just ours. It took us a while to be asked if we wanted dessert but when we finally did get order, the peanut butter banana cheesecake was DELICIOUS!!! It was very rich and was accompanied with a honey sauce. All in all it was a pleasurable eating experience! Great food but average to below average service. 3 stars is what I gave it only because I don't have a 3.5 star option. 4 would be too high.
If you don't mind the wait, you'll experience a great meal for a better price than anything proximity has to offer.  One can tell when you are eating organic: the lasagna I had melted in my mouth, I barely had to chew!  I can't wait to go again.  The service is fantastic once you're seated.  Its small size is my only complaint, but I'm rating on the quality of food and the character of the service per the dollar I spend.  This was a positive cost/benefit analysis for me.
Napa is the perfect place to lounge and relax on a warm night. They have a great patio area and allow customers to sit comfortably for a long while. Don't sit inside- I don't think it's as fun. WIth the alcohol offered at Napa, you're likely to start talking and laughing more and more loudly, so it's probably smarter to sit outside from the get go, where it's more socially accepted to be noisy. It can get a bit chilly- but there are heat lamps to keep you warm. 

The vibe is relaxed and there is always a crowd of working professionals. I love Napa because the food is delicious but inexpensive, the atmosphere is classy yet unpretentious, and the service is attentive without suffocating. 

I've only come during happy hours, but I've come numerous times. I'm comfortable trying anything here- but definitely love the Mac & Cheese and the Veggie Pizza. 

Napa is very similar to Palomino's but it's probably slightly more pricey. Palomino's has a younger crowd, but Napa's is less crowded. I'd recommend both if you're in the area.
I went to this place with Greg T - he labeled it a "underground, gay, lesiban, cool indie place."

Thanks greg.  every place in your words fits in that mold.

However, as SLOW as SLO moves (har har, i know) this place roxors.  

Great tunes, (went on a hiphop night, and was the first DJ who actually had some visionaries on his VINYL!) , strong ass drinks, and  a good vibe.   

And I finally know where slo is.  Next to santa cruz right? :)
Cheese please! This place is great. Food flavor is high class and prices are for the everyday Joe. Be the first to discover this place befor it's featured on food network tv shows. I'm not kidding when I say this neighborhood gem will hit you a homerun on a date.
Brought some business guests here for lunch and it was a very pleasant experience.  There are not many places in the Chapel Hill/Carrboro area where I am confident in bringing guests, either chain restaurants or a little low end.  This had the perfect atmosphere for international visitors.  I had an excellent burger and my guests seemed to love the lobster salad sandwich.  They committed that the portions were not large by US standards but it was more of a compliment, they did not want a Cheesecake Factory experience.
do not go to the bar! strange, classless clientele (at least, on a sunday night), snooty attitude from the waitress, slow service, and so-so food (ok, the kale salad was decent but they still doused it with cheese after I asked twice to confirm no cheese). what a train wreck!

the regular restaurant, on the other hand, seems normal, if not a bit on the pricey end. the braised short ribs were tasty, and the wine list was extensive.

overall, my experience on the bar side was so sub-par that it outweighs what enjoyable meal I had on the restaurant side. palomino's across the street, and even the new panini cafe on lindbrook, is much, much better. do not recommend napa valley grille, and will not be returning in the foreseeable future.
A small intimate space to enjoy some wine with friends.  They have a special from 10PM to closing where all wine are $6.  That's pretty awesome.  For a wine place, they also have great beer so everyone can find a little something here.
Obviously one of the better restaurants in Providence.

Parking : easy access into the parking lot and accessible wheelchair ramp into the building (can only stay on 1st floor however)

Best experience : go to 2nd floor and try to get a table by the window.
The bad news is that we reserved a gorgeous table by the window, and had to wait 45 minutes before they told us the table was still unavailable and placed us in the middle of the restaurant.

The food was very similar to Al Forno's. The upstairs ambiance is so much more worth it ... even if it takes you longer to get seated. If you grab a drink downstairs at the bar, be prepared to smell waves of pizza take-out orders from local Rhode Islanders dying for some Baraco pizza : it' s to die for.

Overall, worth the experience and close to everything downtown. The wine selection is unusually broad including Italian, French and newer continents (South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Chile).
My boyfriend surprised me with dinner reservations here for my birthday yesterday. The free bread came with two different creams: the champagne-something-or-the-other was okay; it was kind of like using normal butter. The sun-dried tomato cream, however, was DELICIOUS. We polished it off. We both ordered the Spring Prix Fixe ($35.95 per person, not including tax and tip), and chose different dishes so we could have a taste of everything.

Beach House Garden Soup: It didn't have that much flavor in it. There was very little soup and tons of pasta.
Butter Lettuce Salad with Spicy Citrus Dressing: One of the best salads EVER!!! The salad came with tomatoes, mandarin oranges, and little pineapple cubes. The salad was perfectly tossed so each leaf was evenly coated with dressing.

Steak Caribe (medium-rare): DELICIOUS!!! My boyfriend said this might have been the best steak he's ever had (which was what he said about Confidential's beef tenderloins, but he can't remember what those taste like anymore after eating this steak). It was flavorful, cooked PERFECTLY, and super moist. He's still raving about the steak from dinner last night.
Kingston Banks Roast Chicken: Not much flavor in this, either. But it did come with some weird paste that my boyfriend and I both thought had a hint of cinnamon in. I now understand that it was supposed to be roasted tropical sweet potatoes. It had an interesting flavor, with a bit of spice that hits the back of your throat at the end. The bacon was soggy.

Mashed Potatoes: Nothing special.
Sauteed Mushrooms: I'm surprised the side dish came with whole mushrooms. It didn't have much flavor in it, either, but the mushrooms were very fragrant.

Pineapple Tart with Vanilla Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce: I was taking my time to pick off all the sour pineapples from my tart when I look up to see my boyfriend devouring his dessert. I reached over for a forkful; his pineapples weren't sour- no wondering he was wolfing his dessert down! I like vanilla ice cream... too bad there was only a tiny little scoop on top =[

Service: They come by very often and are really helpful/friendly. Although throughout the night, I sometimes felt that they came by TOO often... until it was time for the check. Then it seemed like nobody was around.

All in all, a good experience. It's always a good sign when the restaurant is pretty busy on a Monday night. We'll definitely be back at some point.
Happy hour at Napa Valley is anything but, rather it's overpriced for average food & drinks...and this is happy hour folks!

I must explain first that this review is just for the Happy Hour as that is the only experience I've had.  My thing is this: HH's were created because hey, we ain't all sweating money and it's nice to get some food and drinks at half price.  Someone needs to tell Napa this! Their prices, while lower, did NOT amaze with the size of the portions.  P2P FOLKS!  Price to portion ratio, I am creating this saying because too many restaurants think it's ok to charge $$$ for something that should be $.

The Nachitos were eh, just tiny tiny morsels of food I thought I was pickin' at leftovers!  Kobe Beef corn dogs? Ok they were satisfactory, but I would call them corn pups, let them mature to full grown dogs Napa!  The Sangria should have contained more fruit and been less watery.  I'm not saying the food was bad, I ate all of it and enjoyed it, I just wish there was more.

Finally, the service was really good, especially for our large group of 15+ people the waitress was attentive and didn't stress out that we combined 3 tables together.  They were pretty relax about that and that was pretty cool.

Ending words? Think about your P2P Napa...until then, I don't think I'll be looking for the Happy here.
I went here on a Sunday afternoon for happy hour and it was okay, the drinks were better than the food and I had went hoping for some tasty treats. The calamari was NOT crispy, they should really change the name, bouncy is a more accurate description. I was not a fan, but they did remove it from the bill so that saves them for me. The sliders were really good, I tried one with each cheese. I don't remember what my drink was called but it had a sort of chili taste I believe and was delicious, I dont see it on the websites happy hour menu.
The first time I went to Teresa's, I didn't really understand what all the hype was about.  Sure, the food was pretty good, and the atmosphere nice, but I wasn't blown away.  I felt the pasta was lackluster and the pizza mediocre.

I revisited today for lunch and I don't know, maybe it was the lack of breakfast or exams stress or dismal weather, but my meal today was EXACTLY what I needed and craved.  So. SO. GOOD.  We were seated right away despite the crowds and although our waitress was a bit rough and brusque, the bread basket and olive oil quickly alleviated all negative thoughts.

For the two of us, we got the funghi sandwich, the speck panini, and the rollatini.  Oh my god, amazingly hearty cheesy deliciousness all around.  The bread on everything was warm, soft, completely comforting and foodgasmic.  Coupled with the melted cheeses and perfect pesto spreads, flavorful and fresh ingredients... it was absolutely divine.  I left the restaurant in utter food-comatose bliss.

Oh, Teresa's, it appears I have joined the masses in singing your praises at last.
Happy Hour Review: Pop Culture in Westwood at Napa Valley - Huh?

Oh yeah, Napa Valley Grill in Westwood, home of thousands of UCLA students, is not a college bar, but a cultured establishment offering a fine happy hour at the bar area and on their beautiful outdoor patio, that will literally pop in your mouth.

OK, enough being vague, they have a martini on happy hour called Pop Culture with Stoli Citron, Watermelon Pucker, Grapefruit Juice, and POP ROCKS!  It literally pops in your mouth.  Nothing like a little pizzazz to please this happy hour crew.  Overall, the drinks were terrific.  The $5 Berry Mint Sangria is well worth coming back for since it blends a nice Napa Valley Chardonnay with a peach, citrus, and berry infusion.  They offered seven high end wine selections, all from California, go local!  But, after close inspection, the best deal on the menu is the PITCHER of sangria or margarita for $12. Can you say "after work rip on the boss session over sangria!?"

Now we move on to the food which surpassed the drinks in excellence causing the overall rating to get a 4.5 martini glasses!  BUT, small portions, boohoo, which is why the overall deal was only 2.5 martini glasses.  See our pictures below for examples of the food size.  The best deal for a lot of food was the Creamy Mac N' Cheese, featured in our "Meal Deal."  It was plain and simple and plain and simply delicious.

If you work at UCLA Medical Center, you probably already know about the great happy hour at Napa Valley Grille, since half the people at the bar were in scrubs.  If you aren't in health care, you will still love this happy hour and you may even meet a doctor who will give you a house call after you get a Pop Rock stomach ache.  


For more happy hour goodness including happy hour pictures and information go here: http://www.allabouthappyhour.com/reviews/napa-valley-grille
Good food, nice ambiance and perfect for the wine connoisseur.
Good place to take a date or for large groups. They have private rooms for large groups which is always nice.
***3.5 stars***

hubby and i came here to celebrate our anniversary since we had heard and read good reviews about this place.  he wanted steak and i wanted ambiance, so we chose this restaurant.  as far as location goes, this is conveniently located in the stanford shopping center, and during dinnertime, there is plentiful parking.

we used opentable.com to book a table, to ensure that we would not have to wait, especially since it was for dinner.  we arrived just a tad before our 7.30pm reservation, only to find that our table wasn't ready, and that we'd have to wait.  we were directed to the bar area, but it was quite crowded, and there were no seats available there, so we chose to remain in the lobby/waiting area.  unfortunately, there were very few seats in the waiting area, so we stood while the staff got our table ready.

after about 10 minutes, the hostess took us to our table, which was a spacious, comfortable booth, away from the bar area.  the lighting was on the dimmer side, which made for a nice, romantic ambiance.  however, we felt that it was a bit on the loud side since we were constantly shouting at each other and straining our ears to hear one another.

since we both like sweeter drinks, we started with a couple of cocktails:
*white summer sangria (hubby) - i had a sip, and this was a nice, smooth, peach flavoured drink.  very refreshing, and perfect for a summer evening.
*skinny martini (me) - i was intrigued by the "only 99 calories" fine print underneath this cocktail selection.  the drink itself was very good, and quite strong.  they definitely did not skimp on the alcohol in this one!

as soon as we ordered, a lovely basket of bread was brought to us.  the bread was baked with rosemary, and was accompanied by two ramekins, the first being a chardonnay infused feta cheese and the second containing sundried tomato spread.  their bread was so good that we not only finished the first loaf, but we requested a second, and finished that loaf before our entrees were even served!
noted that the first time we asked for more bread, our waiter forgot about it until we reminded him.

i ordered:
*double breasted chicken - huge serving of two chicken breasts garnished with leek sauce.  while i love grilled chicken breast, i wasn't a fan of the bones that were still inside (would just assume that the kitchen staff would have de-boned the chicken for me before serving it).  the leek sauce was very good, but the chicken itself was just average.

since my hubby ordered the prix-fixe dinner, his dinner consisted of:
*spinach salad - this was good, but there was nothing special about bacon bits, onions and spinach tossed with balsamic vinaigrette.
*prime rib - this was made medium rare as requested and very juicy.  delicious cut of meat!
*dessert - can't remember what it was called, but it was a shortbread biscuit topped with mixed berries and whipped cream.  it also came with a large side of extra whipped cream.  their homemade whipped cream was absolutely delicious, and tasted more like chantilly cream b/c of its creamy texture and flavour.  while the berries were fresh and sweet, we were not impressed by the biscuit as it was burnt, flavourless, and a bit hard to chew.

at the end of our meal, we didn't feel that we had the intimate, romantic dinner that we had hoped for, mainly due to the background noise.  however, the food was decent and the service was very good.  i would probably recommend this restaurant to a group of friends who wish to get together for a steak night or have some pre-dinner drinks.  note that they have a special happy hour menu for drinks and appetizers.
two words, LAMB CHOPS. I've never been a fan of the gamey flavor that comes with lamb. However, Fleming's does it right! Their filet mignon is also well done. The well raved mac and cheese is ok, too heavy for my taste. Fries and onion rings are good, nothing crazy. They have an extensive list of wine, which my bf appreciated. We also ordered the seafood tower, which was underwhelming at $27. All you get is a small lobster tail, half in shell, half ceviched,1 king crab leg, 1 snow crab(?) leg, a big prawn, and small cup of crab meat. I dunno, I've tasted better and fresher seafood elsewhere. 

Our total bill was $140 (sans tip), that's lamb chops, petite filet (8oz), mac and cheese, fries and onions, a glass of wine, and seafood tower. I wouldn't go here again if I didn't have a $100 gift card. The service was good, atmosphere is a little too stuck up for me. But, I don't really care for atmosphere and service, I care about the quality of the FOOD. I have this place 4 stars because I enjoyed their wine and lamb chops. However, I wouldn't pay $40 for a steak again. 

Free parking in  garage with validation.
It's not often I hand out 5 stars, but considering this quaint  Bistro is small in size, it clearly makes up for it in Personality, Cool Food, and a world class wine list.

After several invitations to "The coolest new thing" in downtown SLO, I finally got a chance to meet up with one of my friends last night "Granada", and let me tell you I was not disappointed... The first thing that caught my eye was the open windows to the street, and a beautifully upholstered bench out front on the sidewalk, where you could wait for a seat, and wait you might.. Although at first glance it seems small inside, spend an hour inside, and you will feel transported to another place, and certainly another time.. Your wine glass won't be the obligatory Reidel Stems, no.. you find that you'll be served wine in a retro, throwback glass from the 60's or before, and while I wasn't sure about this, after a while it all started to make sense.  I found myself sampling wine from across the continents, a crisp Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand started things off, but then I couldn't resist the Bubbles from California.. By the time I ordered the cheese and Salami plate, I thought, how can I pass on the Nero de alvola from Sicily..  And finally a beautiful Cotes du Rhone.. Yes 4 glasses of wine from around the world, I found myself sitting there lost in some other era for some 4 hours! Beyond the extensive wine collection, I found the food to be spot on and perfectly paired for the place.. Little things like serving Honey with the Roquefort, caught my eye immediately upon sampling the food.  You'll notice it's not your typical Kitchen in there, in fact, behind the bar what you will notice are 2 Panini machines ready for service, and after tasting one of the "Cubano" paninis made with cilantro, fresh chilies, and Carnitas, It's no doubt those little grilling machine had better get ready to keep cranking out some of the best Panini I've ever had..  To top things off, I finished with a sampling of the local dessert faire, compliments of "Amy Bakes Cupcakes" a local baker, whose confections, are making quite a buzz around SLO county, and after tasting just one bite of the Merlot Chocolate cupcake, it's no wonder why... Heaven in a cup...  What really pulled out the fifth star for me was the service..  Despite being PACKED out,  Kimberly, the owner, alongside her server "Dayna" were two of the friendliest and attentive hosts I've come across in a long time, and what a refreshing change.. Phenomenal wine list, Amazing food, and the friendliest staff in town, it's no wonder after being open slightly more than a week, why you'll likely find yourself peeking your head into a packed place, and....   anxious to wait..
I came here on 03/30/12 and my god did I enjoy the food and ambiance. This little restaurant that is expanding this month ( thank God) was just what doctor ordered for me. My gf and the other couple I was with practically starved ourselves all day so we can order half the menu. Here's what ordered: 
Me - crispy pig ears (delectable and so savory), the bone marrow ( so good), the sangria (so refreshing),  the lamb burger ( I ordered it medium well and it was perfectly cooked and covered in their green tzaziki sauce, and the filet medallions were cooked perfectly and so tender, finally I ordered the  truffle/bacon Mac n cheese - Bomb! Out of everything this is a must try. It's gewey inside and crispy tasty on the outside, one of the best I've ever had! 
My gf: she had the goat cheese chipotle pizza - spicy and tangy but not over powering. She also ordered the Bree jalapeo pizza yum! The Bacaro burger with the fried egg - amazing and the friend egg was cooked perfectly and oozed right down the the angus beef waiting on the bottom - scrumptious 
The couple with us: ordered the Mac n cheese and the bone marrow and the garlic pizza - crispy garlicky and savory, and they also had a Bacaro burger each.
We did not have room for desert but as busy as the place was - we waited an hour because we got there at the dinner rush, but the staff was so attentive and got our food right out. I'd like to give this place six stars because as busy as they are the owner and head chef still managed to personalize this experience for us. They came out and spoke with us. Very cool! I enjoyed all the food ( had left over the next evening) and the staff is friendly, attentive and more then anything very informative on the menu. I will be back very very soon, so will my friends :)
I think pretty much all these past reviewers are nuts. Glasshalfful is awesome! Totally different than anything in the area, it has some of the most artful taste and flavor combinations I've ever had. The chorizo skewers and mussels are to-die-for! Also enjoyed the Morrocan ribs, calamari and pear tart with cinammon ice cream. It's a little pricey, but it's so worth it for the ambiance and quality. Last night, we shared four small plates and a dessert, which was more than enough. With wine, our bill was $60 + tax and tip. Go on Mondays, all bottles on the wine list are half off! Overall, a very lovely place. So happy to have it nearby.
We ate here on a Monday when the restaurant was offering 1/2 price on wine bottles.  Thus, the restaurant was crowed and "alive".  This was my first time eating here and I really enjoyed the experience.  All the food was great, here is what we had in order starting from the most yummy dish.... (but again, all were very good):
Coca
Crab Mac and Cheese
Mini Burgers
Fried Brussels Sprouts
Mini Lobster Rolls
Chirizo Salad - could have been more spice i this.
Beet Salad

The service was very good...the only reason I didn't give 5 starts is the price which I think needs to be about 2-3 dollars cheaper for each dish.
I like the ambiance, especially at night. Service has been decent every time I've gone. The food, though, isn't all that spectacular. I'm a big fan of seafood pasta and I didn't think they did a very good job with their version (could have been a bit tangier). 

If you're into the whole lounge-at-a-bar-while-listening-to-a-band-after-work type scenario, you should hit this place up on wednesday nights.
Chose this place off of Yelp reviews pending our trip to Ann Arbor to visit friends and family.  Needed an upscale place that we could take the in-laws.  Great wine, great appetizers, and definitely great decor/ambiance.  However, for the price we paid, the amount of food was a little scarce.  Otherwise, enjoyable.
Happy hour is good, love the wine flights. The food is decent. They definitely get good citizen points for running a csa program. Mad props for that. Good place for stuff like mother's day and such. Perfect amount of people, never feels too crowded or too empty. If the patio were decorated a wee bit more, it'd be an admirable hh spot forthe summer.
Don't know why more Trojans don't come here...! I didn't hear about it until my sr year of college, and it was only a 5 min walk from my apartment.

Small, cozy little place, good for a date in which you can share food and sip wine. The food was nothing special. Portions are small, so I'd recommend sharing several orders. I am dying to come back for their "Beef Steak" night, a once-a-month gluttonous carnivore & carb feast.
Great place! I live close by and really love coming here. try the brie & bacon pizza...
ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE!

Was treated to Fleming's when my homie's mom came into town and let me tell you IT WAS A TREAT.

I had THE best steak of my life here last weekend.

Went with the Ribeye, charred, medium-rare and I almost died. Or pee'd. I can't remember.  Have a good bar to with a great selection of drinks so we all got pretty tossed too.

GREAT service as well.  

We also had the turtle pie and it was BOMB.COM

If anyone says anything otherwise they do not know how to order.

Tip of the day: Bring a foodie or chef with you if you are going to drop 150+ on dinner.  Otherwise you will waste your money!
Granada Bistro is a wonderful place to go for lunch. It is a small restaraunt with an ecclectic style. It can be considered romantic because of the mood lighting or a relaxing place to have lunch with a friend. I went to lunch there with a friend today and, after we arrived, were served a sample of red wine. I appreciated this gesture. The waitress remained very kind and attentive throughout our dining experience. I ordered a chicken pesto panini with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes and it came with a salad made from local fresh greens. Everything was delicious! Everything tasted so fresh and the flavor combinations were perfect. There were other options on the menu I really wanted to try such as the caprese salad. Next time I go to Granada, that will be my next choice! I highly recommend this place for lunch.
i asked the chef to create something vegetarian since I didn't see alot of items on the menu. It was fantastic. Jalapeno risotto with greens and some other items. I was very impressed and will return. Upscale but relaxed. loved it!
Certainly one of the best in Providence. Food is always, always excellent. The salads are huge and delicious. Very fresh ingredients and home made croutons. Main dishes are great. Pasta outstanding. I have had fish and pasta many times. Delicious, and imaginative. Chef changes the menu frequently. Service is good, excellent atmosphere. Bacaro's also has its own parking which is a nice bonus. 
One thing nice is that on Saturday night you can get a huge meal, but you can also go by during the week and get a salad and pizza! The pizza is great.
Great selection of deserts. 
Hard not to recommend this place, delicious and fun. What more can you ask?
Great place for a special occasion. Love the menu especially the salumeria and incredible wine list. Pricey but worth it for the experience.
I'm not a huge fan of red meat, but I do love my occasional stake, so I'm quite picky about it (particularly having been raised in cattle country).

When my friend Tim came into town, he requested a stake for dinner, so after searching yelp for the most consistently good stake, we settled on Fleming's. I must admit that I was hoping for the best, but bracing for possible disappointment, and boy was I glad to have fallen on the "best" end of the spectrum. 

I had a double petite fillet mignon accompanied by BBQ shrimps and scallops. It was amazingly good! Particularly, the shrimp. BUT it was Tim's bone in rib eye that stole the show: flavorful, perfectly marbled, melt in your mouth. Wow. Also worth mentioning was Sue's lobster bisque - rich, flavorful, although it doesn't quite beat Maine's. As well as our shared lava cake desert. Not too sweet, perfect balance of tastes. 

The service could be a bit better, but overall, the food alone is well worth the money.  Will return again when the occasion calls for it.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday last week - WOW.  Such amazing food, service, ambiance.  Everything was done just right.  Highly recommend the meat/cheese board and the Pizza Bianca.  So delish.  We will definitely be back!
I finally had a chance to visit Vinocity in its new Kirkwood location.  Kirkwood is a great neighborhood and I was excited and hopeful that we now had a neighborhood restaurant with good vibe and food.  Well, the vibe was good.  How do I begin to discuss the most important part of a restaurant, the food.  We ordered a glass of Plungerhead Zinfandel for $11.00.  I was shocked at the only slightly one-quarter of a wine glass pour.  Nothing urks me more than a chintzey glass of wine when you are paying a premium.  I sent it back and requested a beer (a pint for $4.00 seemed to be a fair value).  The manager attempted to justify by saying the glass was big which it clearly was not.  
On to the food....no one of the five people had a good meal and we each ordered something different.  The waiter assured my friend that the pork chop was a nice thick chop and was very moist.  Instead, the chop was not a chop but rather a scallopined piece of pork, at best one-eigth of an inch thick, not chop but a slice of pork actually and dry.  
My blackened grouper sandwich was soggy and overcooked, the french fries cold and the slaw way too wet.  
Basically, the menu looks appealing but the actual product is not worth the money.  Too bad because the neighborhood is cool. We won't be back. It is really too bad because you can have a great neighborhood place that has good, reasonably priced food, Like P'cheen's in the Fourth Ward.
Vinology - you're killing me. Why?? I've been here several times before and always loved the atmosphere, wine selection and food. Something was off today. I ordered the spicy pad thai and it was inedible. I have never paid $22 for such terrible food. It was incredibly salty and I had to stop eating it. Also -- why did the chicken in my dish taste like fish? I tried not to think about whether the kitchen reused oil between orders. Disappointed...
We popped in for a bite on the way back from the movies. The interior decor and ambience is great - fabulous lighting, exposed red brick walls and cased-in piping, sort of industrial glamor. The menu was interesting and varied. We plumped for the mini-lobster rolls, the heirloom tomato salad and a flatbread dish with figs, serrano ham, caramelized onions and cheese.

Everything was good, though I'm with other reviewers - it does seem overpriced for the size of the plates. But the flavors are reasonably inventive. In particular, the tomato salad included watermelon, aged balsamic, goat cheese and a horseradish granita sprinkled on the top. 

Service was swift and competent. Joel had a reasonable beer; I passed on the alcohol this time but will go back to explore the wine menu.
Been here a few times, love this place
While the big buckets of flowers outside are beautiful and enticing...do not be fooled by the Napa Valley Grille.  Its charm is definetely left at the door.  While the establishment is clean and the service is friendly, the food is only mediocre and the experience seems really prepackaged.  It is also extremely overpriced - neither the food or the experience are worth it.  Don't waste your money.
I've only been to Eno twice, and both times I was in the bar area, so I can't speak to the full dining experience, but I've enjoyed the time I have spent there. 

The first time I just had a drink and tried a few bites of some small plates, including a gnocchi with abalone that was very good and unique, and last night I attended their Wednesday wine tasting from 6-8PM. For $10 I tried 8 wines, and near the end of the event I was able to taste a couple of them again. 

They also served a variety of free appetizers including lightly fried olives, polenta/cheese rounds, spare ribs, pine nut tapenade, and muscles. 

Parking can be a hassle, so I think the $3 valet (+ tip) is worth it to not have to deal. 

The chef Eli is very passionate and creative and I think will help elevate this restaurant.
I have been here a bunch of times and pondered the Boddington's poster above the bar: yes, Boddington's is creamy.  Scoop it.

Echoing another review: this is a place where people exude a vibe of wanting to have fun.  The outdoor seating is fun, and the indoor space is small enough to encourage intimate chats and new conversations.  Both areas are made more cool by being set below sidewalk level.

This is a good place to chat with the staff, take a friend, just come and chill, strike a conversation with a 30something townie.
Just Perfect in every way to express how much you love someone w/ delicious food!

Came here yesterday for Valentine's Day.  

The ambiance was amazing! The dim lighting was romantic.  The noise level was just right.  Even though there were more tables than normal, i honestly felt like no one else was there but my fiance and me.  

The service was magnificent! Even though in the beginning it was a little slow, right when they gave us our water, it was perfect.  Our waitress, Chelsea (i think that's her name) was great and personable!  Every so often she made certain that we were okay.  She even captured the perfect picture for us to treasure!  We could not have asked for a better service than we got from here.  

Our meal was superb!  We ordered the Valentine's Share Meal: 

BLUE CHEESE CRUSTED FILET MIGNON & LOBSTER EN FUEGO 
Filet Mignon paired with a half Maine lobster tossed with our creamy 
sriracha chile sauce and baked in the shell, served with oven braised potatoes and roasted cauliflower with kalamata vinaigrette
Your choice of Fleming's, Caesar or Wedge Salads
For two: $89.00 (w/ tax and tip = ~$120)

The Lobster was delish!  The Blue Cheese Filet Mignon, my gosh was excellently cooked! I'm not really a steak eater because to me, steak/beef taste like beef.  However, .. Hello to Fleming's Filet Mignon, you have definitely impressed me that night! It was tender, juicy, and seasoned just right.  For the salad, we both ordered the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad, which i would definitely recommend.  The Roasted Cauliflower was addicting! The only thing that did not fit my taste was the roasted/baked potatoes.   Overall, it was a A+++++ meal!

Other items that are highly recommended from our other visits were: Seared Scallops, Macaroni and Cheese, Filet Mignon, New York Steak Strip, Fleming's Potatoes

So-So food:  Calamari.  

** Our waitress indicated to us that on holidays such as Valentines, they always add more tables.  

Thank you Fleming's for a wonderful Vday~!
Got love for dive bars and pub grub? Locals with dreads sipping craft brews, college kids smoking cool on the patio, Harvard grads chowing down on burgers and house-made fries, waxing poetic about their glory days on the Crimson Chess Team?

Alright so I made that last part up. But that's the Shay's vibe. A collective of Cambridge characters, gathered together under one roof (or on one sweet al fresco concrete) eating simple food, sipping on suds from a sweet selection. Everyone just chillin.

Packed at 8pm on a Thursday night, a table is hard to find and the service, though friendly, is Sunday-morning-stroller slow. But don't let that deter you from stopping into Shay's. Come when you've got no agenda, a few friends to tag along and an empty belly. The portions are cheap and generous. For $8 you can gorge on a few pounds of nachos and wash them down with a Brooklyn Pennant Ale or a Black Fly Stout. 

Lemme act smart for a second. If you can visualize a Venn diagram, where circle A = dive bar, circle B  = great pub grub, and circle C = quintessential local spot, Shay's is that sweet spot called the intersection, where all the spots overlap. Yes, after stuffing myself here and downing a few beers, I consider that example smart.
I think I've been on a string of bad restaurant picking recently...sigh...

anyways, this review is for their Sunday brunch.  First of all, I SAW DEBRA MESSING!!! totally random? for sure. I couldn't stop watching I felt awful haha.  Since I'm disciplined and rational however, my rating has in now way taken a celebrity sighting into account =)

the best thing about brunch are the complimentary house-made pastries...so delicious!  if you like custard, definitely request the custard danish.  they also have orange cranberry scones and raspberry danishes and croissants.  but the custard is my fave =) they come out warm too most times so yay!

now for the food food...ehh. the menu is tapas style for of course the portions are tiny.  I've tried the following:

corned beef Benedict: eh, maybe it's just because i don't like pepper, but this wasn't very impressive.  plus the beef was really mushy

classic Benedict: by far the best. creamy hollandaise, ham....

crab cake Benedict: didn't think the portions could get any smaller, but it did. I will allow that the crab cake was mostly crab and it did taste good but the egg wasn't poached enough....I hate runny whites...

heritage omelet: soooo disappointing!! by FAR the worst! the egg was rubbery and no matter how fancy the description makes it sounds, it's just ham and cheese with a bit of mushrooms! i totally felt like a moron when i bit into this...

lemon curd griddle toast: i think slice of french toast cut into 4 or 5 pieces, topped with lemon curd and powdered sugar, served with orange syrup.  not bad for a dessert but not mind-blowing either.  if you get sweet cravings at the end, just ask for more pastries. may be embarrassing but it'll save you...plus they'll taste better =)
For a Fleming's noob, I have to say that it was pretty much as advertised and more. And I haven't even gotten to the bottom of it menu-wise because I came here for San Diego Restaurant Week.

First off, after reading all the stuff about reservations and waiting, I have to say mine went pretty smoothly. Look, it's SD Restaurant Week and that means you have to make sure you're prepared for everything...and that goes both ways. Can't just walk in and expect to sit down, even on a Wednesday night. At the same time, the staff has to know the situation and be prepared to handle the extra influx of guests.

In any case, Fleming's was good with making sure my reservation was in order. When my party went in, we sat down immediately and everything went smoothly. It's definitely one of the nicer-designed restaurants I've been in.

It's very very difficult to complain with Parmesan bread with feta cheese and basil tomato spread as a starter. Had the portobello mushroom ravioli since my rule is to never eat something that you can probably get somewhere else. Definitely one of the better things I've eaten.  The filet tenderloin...yeah, it's good.  6 oz isn't much, but when it's made that well, it doesn't matter. And for someone who absolutely will crush scalloped potatoes, the fact that there is a very slight hint of jalapeno in their famous Fleming's potatoes just gives it that extra kick to set it apart.

They actually ran out of dark chocolate mousse cake because of Restaurant Week, but they were nice enough to open up the entire dessert menu for us. Thus...that was some damn good blueberry-topped cheesecake. It seriously tasted like it was homemade cheesecake, some of the best I've ever had for sure.

Service was excellent, really had nothing to complain about.  Obviously it's a bit pricey, but you kinda know what you're walking into by coming to a nice steakhouse like this. And valet parking outside is $7.

Will I come back? Well, I'll have to make sure my wallet is in order, but it's certainly in the cards.
I've been to the Fleming's in Wisconsin and had a great dining experience so thought I would take hubby here for his bday dinner.

Walk-in with no reservations, no probs.  Nice place, friendly staff.  Hubby had the prime rib dinner which is only served on Sundays.  The prime rib dinner is the way to go b/c you get a 12 oz. prime rib, 3 sauces, salad, choice of side and dessert for $35.  So to that all I ordered was my entree of the tuna mignon.  

You get started with some great slices of bread, cracker crisps, olive tepanade and a nice spreading cheese.  The fresh baked bread was really good and served warm with a nice creamy butter.

Hubby had the Fleming's salad...very good and great dressing.  He loved his prime rib and nothing but the fat was left on his plate.  He chose the Fleming potatoes which we shared and still couldn't finish...they were soooooo YUMMY!  Nice and cheesy with crusty edges and a bit of a kick.  A bit rich so there was no way we could finish them.  My tuna mignon...eh...a bit too much of the cracked pepper...wish they would have mentioned that on the menu rather than just the poppyseed and the vinegrette was a bit too sour but then again that's what I get for ordering tuna at a steakhouse...duh!  For dessert we (rather I) chose the molten lava cake.....ooooo yea, just what a molten lava cake should be like.  Warm, yummy, chocolatey and pure goodness!!  The molten lava cake came with pumpkin seed ice cream which was the bomb!!

Waiter even gave hubby a bday present - box of chocolate covered strawberries that we took home and enjoyed the next day.

Would come again but I will know not to order the tuna mignon.  lol!
Came here a while back with my girlfriend for my birthday dinner. My sister had given my girlfriend 100$ to take me out to a super fancy restaurant and so we came here. Let me tell you about my experience. 

The place itself and the atmosphere is nice for sure, and the little appetizer and soup we had was fine as well. Just fine, not great. Then we had a wine sampler, not the greatest either but I must admit im not huge on wine in general. then the main dishes - my filet mingon - completely forgettable. I had ordered it medium and guess what? it came rare...so i sent it back. keep in mind i never send stuff back, that must be pretty egregious for me to do that. So they take the piece of meat, and like nuke it for me or something in the microwave because it comes out well done. great, thanks. whatever. the other dish we got was a seared ahi tuna. I really like seared tuna but you gotta have a nice sauce ontop and nice flavors to bring it all together. also, your volume to surface area ratio cant be TOO large because the middle of the meat will just be plain raw meat, no flavors or nothing. welll, they tried but it didnt really work so well and the end result was kind of like this huge chunk of raw tuna on a plate. it really wasnt good.
If you like Charlie's but can't handle the crowds, trek on over to Shay's. They have outdoor and indoor seating and it's usually less crowded and easy to get a table.  They have a great wine-by-the-glass list, with some excellent $5 options, and a lot of beers on tap.  Also, the food is solid -- I had a bacon & turkey sandwich with chipotle mayo that was delicious and my vegetarian friends swear by the grilled cheese.
If you are on a budget, their happy hour 5 for 6 till 7 is a great deal. The ambiance is relaxed and classy, you can also eat outside. The food and cocktails are fine dining quality for a good price. I recommend their burger and calamari for happy hour. You will not be disappointed.
Seriously the perfect place for my friends and I to stop for a girls lunch. We got a bottle of bubbles and some snacks to kick off our friends bday weekend. The decor/ambiance was awesome and fit perfectly to what we were looking for. I was nervous because someone mentioned another place down the street from here but being the planner I still wanted to check out this place yelp had steered me towards. My friends loved it. The woman that worked here was so nice and made it even better. 

We just got a few flatbreads and the Menage-a-tre to split. the hot mama flatbread was delish and probably my favorite. I'll have to go back without my vegetarian friend next time and try some meat dishes!
Honestly, I would give Napa Valley Grille 4 stars for their happy hour and 2 stars for their dinner, so I figured this review could be the middle ground.

Let's start with the dinner.  I came here a couple times over the last few years and each time I have left thinking the exact same thing -- for the price you pay, it could have been much better.  That's not to say that the food is bad, or inedible, I just thought I expected more from the price points and frankly, I'm surprised NVG has been able to stay in business for so long.

However, I just went for the happy hour today and was very very impressed.  It's in the charming outdoor patio area and offers a small selection of wine and beers for $4 and a pretty decent happy hour menu with some pretty interesting choices.  I wish they had more drink choices like the Glendon, but I suppose you can compare the choices given at NVG to the ones given for happy hour at Palomino's.  The food menu consisted of some intriguing choices ranging from different tacos (one for $2.50) and a slider ($2.50) to the usual dishes like calamari ($7) and nachos, pizza, etc.  My friend and I ended up sharing the garlic fries and the pizzette with prosciutto (and no raisins) and she got the fish taco and the carnitas taco.  The garlic fries were pretty decent...not as good compared to those at the Glendon (but I guess you have to like garlic to really like the ones at the Glendon).  The pizzette was the highlight of my meal -- I really liked that they put balsamic vinegar as a type of dressing on the salad and it was really tasty in a non-conventional way that I really appreciated.  My friend said both tacos were quite tasty...I just think its funny that you order the taco and it's literally just one taco on an entire plate.  Waste of space? 
Same goes for the slider...we didn't get it but saw a few go by.  They are tiny!! I could probably eat the entire thing in one bite.

All in all, the food was pretty decent compared to some other happy hour options I've had in the past and being on the patio during the summer evenings is a great way to unwind from a long day of work.  For lack of more drink options, I think I would definitely come back here to try the rest of the food (kobe beef corn dog, nachos, etc.).
I would say the food is pretty incredible .... Lately service quality is hit and miss at this Flemings. When the manager arrives at your table to apologize for the server it does not say much for their service. Not once buy three times. I would expect the manager to change the situation and improve it .. I might be a little harsh, but when I go to a restaurant in this night, for a party of 4, and lay out $525 after drinks, dinner dessert etc. I expect the management to insure perfection. I've been a long time client at this restaurant since they opened . I expect better than they are doing today. And I visit less frequently due to this trend. Other Fleming location seem to do better. Just my opinion. And I' must point out this was my first Flemming's I started with and they have had awesome service in the past too. Need to turn over their manager and servers I guess.. Lot of unemployed to select from.
I heart Teresa's. It is one of the few restaurants in Princeton that is casual, fun, classy, and AFFORDABLE all at the same time. And it's absolutely delish. Whenever I want to have a nice dinner out without breaking the bank, my friends and I inevitably gravitate towards Teresa's charming, friendly, and totally delicious pastas & pizzas. They have two kitchens -- one open where they make all of their pizza, and another in back where they handle all of the other foods.

If I'm feeling broke, I usually go for the pizzas as they are definitely on a lower price spectrum than the pastas. The pizzas ($9 - $13) are thin beauties with a slightly chewy crust with fresh, high-quality toppings. Sometimes I wish the crust were slightly charred a la Old World, but that is more a personal preference. :)

Usually though, I go straight for the pastas ($12 - $18). My favorite is the Conchiglie Balsamico, a deliciously creamy dish (with a tang!) of shell-shaped pasta with slivers of asparagus and tender chicken. It's a dish with innovative flavors, though the sauce may not appeal to everyone (I suggested it once to my mom's friend who wasn't a fan, but everyone else I know has liked it...) I also like the Linguine Vongole and Penne all'Arrabbiata, with more straightforward flavors, but cooked very well none the less. They also like to use organic ingredients, so don't be surprised if you see "Raised Right chicken" or "Simply Grazin' beef". I think it's a little snobby, but the names themselves are pretty humorous in and of themselves.

Also, if you like nutella, the dessert pizza is yummm. Sure, conceptually, the dish is ridiculously simple, but can you make a pizza crust like Teresa can? No, probably not.

In short, while in NY, I would probably rate Teresa's a solid 4, this is really as good as it gets (without breaking the bank) at Princeton.
2 words--Happy Hour $6 per item on the list.

So far I've had Prime Burger with cheese (Cheddar, Swiss, or Bleu Cheese) and bacon, choice of fries or 2 onion rings; Carpaccio; Seared Ahi Tuna and have not been disappointed--especially at this price point.

Didn't dig the Tickled Pink (too sweet but low cal). The wines on the happy hour list are alright. Guinness from a bottle... booo! In fact, nothing draft.
The hub & I had a great experience here one night a few months back.  The vibe was eclectic as was the variety of wines and beers...some from remote places such as Romania.  My only complaint is that we waited for what seems like FOREVER to get a table.  This place is tiny, and you feel like you're sitting on top of people.  The food and drinks were good, though, and the service was top notch.  We will definitely be back.
I've been to Vinology twice (once for Restaurant Week and once for pre-graduation dinner). Both times were a very pleasurable experience! The decor is very nice, the service is excellent. It can get crowded and noisy at times, but if you go downstairs, it isn't as bad.

The appetizers are rather small, but the fusion flavors stand out in them. The sauteed calamari is not your typical fried calamari. But I like the way they seasoned it as it gave a nice Spanish flavor to it! Their crispy duck wings are nicely fried giving them a nice crunch and the glaze has a nice kick to it. 

The rib-eye steak was cooked just right. The lingonberry conserve was surprisingly a good match with the beef. Although the steak itself is heavy, it is balanced with a watercress salad on the side.

The short-rib steak was also very good. The meat was very succulent and pretty much melts in your mouth. 

The veal chop stuffed with sausage (only prepared during restaurant week) was beautiful. A big portion, and cooked perfectly. I forgot what sauce it came with, but it was a good complement to it and I wished there was more of the sauce! 

I also had their dessert during restaurant week, along with one of their wines. Although I forgot exactly what I had, they ended my meal very well.

You can't go wrong with the food here! And if you are a college student trying to not spend too much, go for the $25 dollar three-course meal during Restaurant Week!
I really wanted to like or even love this place. I've been eyeing it for some time now; it's been sitting idle in my bookmarked places to try. With all the great reviews, the cozy atmosphere, and the appealing bites, I was ready to roll into Bacaro LA with much confidence and swagger.

We arrived around 7ish on a Thursday night. I attempted to make reservations beforehand but the guy told us that they had changed their ways to first come, first serve basis. Fair enough, no prob. Parking was hit or miss. You weren't too sure if your car would still be sitting on the street after you finished your meal. After all, you are slightly north of USC and it's not technically Irvine friendly. Luckily, some spots freed up in the front of the restaurant so that was a score. We wrote our name on the chalk board as we were unpleasantly nine parties behind. I'd have to say we waited a good 45 minutes to an hour for our table that was no bigger than my baby nephew's potty trainer. It did help that a few parties before us got impatient and just peaced out.

As we sat and stared at the menu on the chalk board, we never received any book menus until we had to flag one of the guys down. Finally, it was our time to order and see what the hype was all about. We ended up ordering 6 small items because they're pretty petite and also because it's 3 for $21 or just $8 each. The waiter did apologize to us saying that it's been a crazy week because their livingsocial deal was expiring at the end of the week so everyone decided to bombard the place as if a dealer was giving away free crack.

The presentation of the food was unique yet simple and gave off the perception that it was going to be a solid dish. Unfortunately, not all of the six were winners. The first that came out was our Mac n' Cheese. Our waiter apologized immediately and said, "I don't know why there's no bacon, but I'll go back and bring you some." That never happened. This dish was rich enough to put Scrooge McDuck to shame. The bacon was not needed because after the first few bites, you realized how salty it was.

Of course the Bacaro Burger was ordered because it's one of the top dishes people rave about. Just look at how many photos of it exists in the picture selection. Also, the egg ($1 extra) was pretty much given. Who doesn't like an egg with their burger right? All in all, it was good but not great. Next!

The Grilled Chicken Breast and the Grilled Petite Fillet was quite mediocre. FYI, it's a risotto CAKE that comes with the chicken and not your typical normal risotto. I could have gone without ordering both of these and I wouldn't have felt like I've missed out. I don't remember much else about these two so that tells me a lot about it.

The good was their pizza. The Roasted Garlic pizza made on super thin crust that was very warm, moist, yet the texture was still crunchy. We enjoyed the full on roasted garlic cloves and I wished we had ordered maybe two of these. Tasty treat indeed!

Saved the best for last: the Pan-Seared Scallops!!! They were... I don't know, you tell me. They ran out & didn't inform us until we overheard it from the table besides us. The end.

Bacaro LA has mass potential and I can see why people oogle about this place. It can be a nice date spot if you don't mind yelling across the 3 feet table to your companion(s). The place is incredibly loud. I walked out feeling like I spent the night in the speakers of a rave party. On top of the loud conversations that were screeching throughout the restaurant, they had music blasting in the background. I can almost tell you what the topic of discussions were for the tables around us, not because I was eavesdropping but because it was all forcibly echoing off my ear drums.

They do have an extensive wine list for you wine connoisseurs. That night was probably not the greatest night to have visited. I don't blame the wait staff because they were running furiously throughout the night but it just felt like they were understaffed and we had to flag them down for every little thing. We never asked for much and kept it as simple as we could because we were darn hungry and just wanted to eat and bounce. Even at that level, the whole night which probably could've been accomplished in an hour turned out to be a 2.5 hour dining fiasco (including the wait). I'm sure it all would've went down smoother if the place wasn't so packed off the wall but if it's like that every night, you guys can have it.
I guess my review should be taken with a grain of salt since I've only tried two things here, but here it goes...

Had the chopped kale salad.  Pretty good.  For my entree I tried the ahi tuna.  Once again pretty good, but I've had better.  If you are a UCLA student, I would say this is a nice place to go with the parental units.
I went there for happy hour and ordered their Fleming's Prime Burger. Very disappointing, bad quality and bad quantity. The patty was like 4-ounce and it had NO flavor. It was also over-cooked and was very dry.
I had spicy Mac & Cheese with a fried egg... Amazing.  And lamb meatballs with palenta...decent.  Wine was good, service a bit slow. But I'd definitely go back.
Pretty mediocre steakhouse, compared to Ruth Chris or other such specialised steakhouses. Good wine list.
Great selection of apps salumeria was great. I got the veal rigitoni bolonese, was unimpressed, it was bland and could have been any meat. Wine and cocktails were top notch and desert was great.  Service was spacey.  Was a little over priced for my taste.
Good food and service. 
We went with some friends for a seasonal pre fix 3 course for $40.  Wow. 
Bread was excellent, salad was very good, Fillet Mignon was excellent (well seasoned but a little too salty for my wife), and dark choco cake was very good (if you like a mouse).  We had food to take home so we were please with portions.  Quality was very good and as expected the steak house atmosphere was nice.
One of my favorite Happy Hour Places! I've just started eating meat in the last year and I cannot stomach junk food. The Burger Bar is great! How wonderful you can get a high quality burger for only $6 These happy hour's are the best way to find new favorite restaurants in San Diego!
Steve; great service and enjoyed our conversation.

We received a $25 offer as a "friend of Flemings.".  There are restrictions of use; so, be aware you must order from the dining room menu, which by definition excludes the happy hour prices.  The Ceasar salad was amazing.  Recommend you order from Small Plates unless you are very, very hungry.

The happy hour from 5 to 7 is outstanding.  The bar is small and you need to get there before 5:30 or there are generally no seats left and people stay for a long time.
great for a tasty meal after walking around town.  friendly service, great food and a casual atmosphere.
Customer service here is always great!  The food is hit or miss.  I am a big salad type of girl.  And sometimes it is great sometimes not.  For example, ahi tuna, at one visit beautifully colored and sliced ahi.  Time two, butchered chunks.  I only go here on invite (free).
First date paradise!  Yes, I wanted a first date that this lady would not soon forget, and Tria was the right place.  Elegant, but not pretentious, I could see my stock rising in her eyes the minute we walked in.  Our server was perfect - very informative, so I could relax and not worry about my lack of wine expertise.  We grazed on appetizers, which were delicious and innovative.  All in all, we had great food, great wines, and I looked like a winner.  Oh, and the prices were less than I would expect for this quality.
The paninis were AWESOME! The tapas were good. The place is SMALL! And the gal helping our party of 20 remained calm and did an excellent job. I just felt the person who organized our party left us hanging, wasn't completely honest and nearly set her staff up for failure. Pricey. I won't be seeking out this place when I come back to SLO.
Talk about not judging a book by its cover. This place is truly a hidden gem given its location near USC in a pretty nondescript block. However, once you step inside you are transported to a world of great food and drink. 

The food is served essentially tapas style and quite tasty (my favorites are the hanger steak and bacaro burger with egg).  Their "Beefsteak Sunday" events (first Sunday of each month generally) is a definite must- all you eat steak and all you can drink wine and beer.

An added plus is that the service is really good. They really go out of their way to make sure that you have everything you need to make the experience enjoyable.
OMG, please help keep this place in business!!!

at the moment, this is truly the ONLY upscale restaurant/bar around USC university park campus!!!

if this was in an area where there were better restaurants and bars generally, I would give this place a 4 star. I give it 5 star for being a true oasis in the dull dull desert around USC UPC.

The environment is nice and respectable and relaxed, the food is excellent (but small portions) and  the wine is ... um, I don't know much about wine, I assume it is good. They also do all you can eat/drink  New Jersey style beefsteak feasts once a month which I' havent been to, but sound good

AMAZING "burger". I recommend it.
We were craving steak, so we chose Flemings.  What a mistake.

The place was too dark.  It was so dark, my husband could barely read the menu.

Our waiter was a creepy blend of obsequious and weird.  He was clearly overwhelmed that night, and unprofessionally blamed things on his busboy not listening to him.

The wine list was fine but unremarkable.  I would not call the wine list adequate for a wine bar.  

Food was okay.  The crab cakes were too fishy.  My husband said that his steak was too greasy and made him feel ill.  My steak was lovely but I've definitely had better for a similar price.

Would I return?  Maybe, but only if better options were booked and I really wanted steak.
Just went to their Happy Hour for the 5 for 6 til 7 bar deal.

Have been many times before but this time the food was terrible. The shrimp appetizer was overcooked and tough. The burger patties were about half the size they used to be and the drinks seemed watered down. The desserts were also sub par. The NY Cheesecake tasted like it came out of a cardboard box. My wife said her creme brulee tasted watered down.

Looks like they are cutting corners to keep the price the same.
Only been here on DJ nights.  Great bar selection and a great staff!
This was my first trip to Princeton and I found a restaurant (The Ferry House) that said it was in the heart of Princeton so I plugged its address in my GPS and away I went! Once I got there I drove around a bit and then parked and walked around looking for somewhere to eat. Teresa's quickly caught my eye; great location, intimate small cafe with a bar in the middle. Nice ambiance and friendly service. 

I sat at the bar since I'm here on business and was promptly served by the female bartender. Nice wine list with featured unique Italian wines. I had the Vernaccia, which was great. Then I ordered the Insalata Mista, which was perfect. Perfect mixed baby greens, shaved carrots, and a delicate amount of dressing. Perfect. The bread was incredibly fresh. Freshly sliced at a wooden bureau by the front of the restaurant. Served with a pepper and dried herb olive oil; good stuff. For my entree I ordered the Pizza Margherita. I saw it sitting up there waiting on the counter but the cook forgot the basil and the bartender had to remind him. He did this a few times. Funny what you notice when you're watching your food be prepared. The pizza was great. Not exactly like it is in Italy because the crust is thicker, but definitely good. 

From my brief stroll through Princeton, it looks like one of the better little places to go. I would definitely return when I'm in town again!
This review is for happy hour only. 

They have this AWESOME deal that's 5 items for $6 before 7pm. When I first heard about this I said "oh my gosh i HAVE to go there!".. and I finally went. so if you're thinking of trying it out, here's a quick rundown - starting with the appetizers.. 

If you love meat - the prime rib burger is it! It's not a small happy hour 'portion' - we all know how some places do that - but it's a regular full sized burger. 

The calamari is a good size too! and yummy! not too spicy for those who can't handle spices - more so sweet. 

The roasted mushroom ravioli is three pieces - a lot of pasta, not enough filling. 

The seared ahi tuna is good. a couple pieces with pepper around them - yum! 

the Riesling is OK - but the pino noir is really good (.. and I'm not much of a red wine drinker either). Both are $6/each too.

before i forget - seating is first come first serve - and some people might try to steal a table even if you were waiting first, so be quick!
My these prices!  

Thankfully I didn't have to pay.  A vendor and its sales team took my co-workers and I out to dinner.  We went all out --- we ordered a slew of appetizers including baked brie, fried calamari and a seafood tower (market price) which included cracked crab claws, shrimp, small lobster tails and snow crab legs.  I ate a good chunk of the seafood tower (I was one of 2 serious seafood lovers at the table) before I even ordered my main course.

I ordered the surf and turf special of the day --- a small filet mignon and a lobster tail.  My lobster tail was grilled to perfection and it came with clairified butter in its own candle-lit warmer.  The filet mignon, however, was a bit dry.  For these prices, I was expecting a steak that would change my life.  It was just okay.  

We ordered a bunch of sides which were pretty good, including lobster mashed potatoes.  The green beans were nothing to write home about --- a bit bland.

Coffee and dessert was also kind of disappointing.  A bunch of folks ordered creme brulee which had a nice sugary crust on top, but the creme part was a bit too soft.  I ordered chocolate ice cream which really tasted like generic supermarket ice-cream.  My cappucino was really bland too.  It's kind of annoying to drink weak coffee after a heavy meal like that.

This place was PACKED on a Thursday night so I don't think my little review is going to rock their world.  If I had to pay these prices though, I'd take my stomach and my wallet elsewhere.  I didn't see the bill, but my dinner alone cost about $60 prior to tax and tip.  My coworker's steak, however, was perfect.  He had a larger cut which is probably easier to cook. Our petit filet mignons were smaller and came out a bit dry.


I will note though that the service was impeccable.   One guy in our party lost his glasses and the waiter returned with a flashlight to help him hunt around under the table to find them.  In the end, it was a joke a coworker played on him.  We didn't want him to be able to see the bill before he handed over his credit card number.
I don't think I would ever go back here. It was quite overpriced and the food was strikingly bland. 

Also, if you're a caucasian chef, don't try to serve Asian dishes unless you have a clue: It's effing embarrassing. 

My risotto was ZzZzZzZzzzzzzzzzzzzz

How hard is it to make good risotto ya dummy?
Very nice place right in the Harvard Sq. In the summer you can sit outside,  that is if you are lucky enough to get a seat...

One item you must absolutely try: Baked Brie. 

Another. Especially in the cold winter night: Apple Cider with Port.

Those two things, along with pints and pints of beer makes this place a 5 star in my book.
I wish this place was around when I was still in school - I would be a regular. A wine bar and tapas place food utilizing local, organic ingredients is not something you would expect in the USC area...but it should be! 

On this night, we tried:
"noa's" cauliflower
Artichoke hearts
Grilled panini with cheddar and mushrooms
Bacaro burger
Grilled hangar steak
Roasted garlic pizza

Some of the highlights were the cauliflower - a little spicy and creamy from the chipotle aioli, balanced by the mixed greens; Bacaro burger - served open face with caramelized onions, slices of cherry tomatoes and an aioli; artichoke hearts - tender and flavorful with golden brown parmiggiano reggiano on top.

The pizza was also good, with a very nice crisp thin crust. The only thing that was disappointing to me was the hangar steak. It was a good portion of beautifully-cooked meat, but it was rather tough. Too bad.

I do recommend checking this place out in you're in the USC area. It's really a welcome and needed addition to the dining scene, and I hope it inspires other eateries of its caliber to open up in the area.
I have had the opportunity to frequent MANY steakhouses and let me tell you. This place was a suprise!!! Hidden in plain sight in Palo Alto, CA this place is pricey but well worth it!

The staff is pleasant and helpful. The ambiance is ritsy but not overdone.

The menu has plenty of goodies and the Wine list....is exceptional.

I ordered the top sirloin medium rare and it was cooked to perfection....by the time I cut into it, the center was pink and a 1/4 inch was cooked. The steak was juicy and seasoned with sea salt. The side dishes included garlic spuds and perfectly blanched broccoli and carrots. 

I opted for an Argentine Malbec and boy was it a good combo.

Pricey? yes but worth it. Would I recommend?, absolutely!
I stopped in here about a month ago with a friend who had recommended it to me.  They had a nice selection of wines.  I did not try their food, but my cousin was happy with her pizza! :)  I was privileged to speak with the owner who had a lot to say about the food in the area.  It was an interesting talk, and he also let our table sample some of his more favorite wines.  They have an interesting downstairs area that is a modern art recreation of wine vines running down into the ground.  They also had a nice private wine tasting room which I will definitely go back to try on my next visit.
Yelp has bestowed on me yet again a new favorite dinner destination spot.  How did I not discover Bacaro sooner?  I guess one reason would be it's small, inconspicuous location located in the heart of South LA just down the street from USC's campus.  It really is in a random spot.  But despite the rundown neighborhood and dirty streets that surround it, Bacaro is a hidden treasure.

Bacaro specializes in Italian tapas and wine.  While I don't know nearly enough about wine to give any insight on it, I do know food.  Or more accurately, my taste buds know what they like when it comes to food.  Tonight they screamed, "Bacaro! Bacaro!  Bacaro!"

Putting it in layman's terms, Bacaro's food is bomb diggity!  For $8 a plate or $21 for 3 plates, you can treat yourself to some delicious tapas at an affordable price.  My date and I feasted on 6 different plates.  Here's the breakdown:

1. Poached Shrimp - Delicious!  Love the citrus chili sauce.
2. "Cabecou" Marinated Goat Cheese - Very tasty when spread on the toasted baguette with the fruit compote.
3. Grilled Panini (Roast Beef, Mushroom & Gruyere) - A bit on the salty side, but cooked perfectly and love the build-it-yourself aspect.
4. Pan-Seared Scallops - Came in a butter sauce instead of white truffle oil.  Didn't really care for it and probably wouldn't get it again.
5. Grilled Hanger Steak - Yummy steak!  But there were only 7 small pieces.
6. White Pizza: My favorite tapa.  Hands down one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  I want more!

While food came out fairly quickly, it did take nearly 15 minutes to pay our bill because the waiter was busy in the back.  Not a big deal, but a little bothersome.  Aside from that, service was superb.

The restaurant is really small.  There are maybe 10 tables (even less when larger groups come) so I was very surprised that we were seated right away despite going on a Friday night around 8pm.  When I called ahead, the waiter said it gets a little slow in the summer so you don't need reservations.  I'm not sure if this is always the case, however, so I would still recommend calling in advance.

To wrap it, I will most definitely be returning to Bacaro in the near future.  Their happy hour (Monday - Thursday, 5-7pm) sounds like an amazing deal.  $5 a plate?  I'm so there!

4.5 Stars
Trekked into Trojan territory for a friend's farewell gathering. It was pretty easy to find parking in the residential streets around the restaurant but I ended up parked in the lot behind the restaurant (the entrance is an unmarked opening on 24th St.), which I read in one of the reviews before going. Our group just missed the happy hour ($5 small plates from 5 - 7 pm) since we were meeting for a later dinner. Next time, I'll be sure to go during happy hour since the small plates really are quite small. Since it's $21 for 3 plates, the 6 of us shared 9 plates.

Burrata - it's just very soft cheese. Was okay but didn't taste that special to me. Would go with a different appetizer next time.

Lamb Stuffed Eggplant - sounded good since I like lamb but didn't taste good. We didn't finish this dish.

Cauliflower - pretty good. It came with an extra pack of chipotle aioli to bring home, which I used the week after to flavor a bland burger/salad I had packed for lunch.

The Bacaro Burger - we ordered 2 and one came out really delicious with the beef very tender. However, the patty of the second burger was hard and tough to eat. Guess it can very hit or miss?

Mac and Cheese - really yummy! Definitely get this!!!

Bacon and Brie pizza - delicious. Don't be scared by the jalapeno. It gives it a bit of a kick but isn't overwhelmingly spicy.

White pizza - okay, but I liked the flavor of the Bacon & Brie better.

Chicken panini - really yummy and filling! Definitely get this to ensure you are full at the end of the meal.

For dessert, we got the Brown Butter Cookie Dough and it was the weirdest dessert ever. The walnuts and whipped cream were in their own compartments and the cookie dough was in the banana brulee and had an odd spice. All the flavors were just very odd together and it was difficult to eat/share.

The restaurant is small and can get very packed. Would suggest getting there earlier if you want to get a seat at your own table rather than at the communal table. Although some of the dishes we chose were not that great, the ones that were good were REALLY good. Because of that, I would give them another chance (esp since I nabbed a $20 for $40 deal on livingsocial). Hopefully they'll have the seared scallops when I'm there next!
Yummm...  Happy hour deals are incredible!  But don't go, you might steal my table ;)
Awesome place! I would consider it to be true Italian (old world) food with a modern twist on things. They also source their food from a number of local farms which is always important in my book. 

When I was here I had the wood fired filet Mignon, which was delicious. The wood fire gave the meat a unique taste you would not get from a gas, or even charcoal grill. The pumpkin & pancetta pasta my girlfriend had was delicious, and a huge portion to boot.  

The cheese/meat plates were also delicious...though I wouldn't have minded a slightly larger portion of food for the price. The atmosphere and view from the upper level tables was beautiful as well.
Fleming's came out as highly recommended by one of my colleagues, hence I took my husband to Flemings for his surprise birthday dinner recently. As soon as we entered, the waitress greeted us courteously and escorted us to our seat. 

Our waiter soon served us water and complimentary rosemary bread and a couple of spreads. The bread was warm and spongy, and the spreads were great. 

I went for the Sunday special 3-course dinner (a choice of salad, Prime Rib, side and dessert). I got the Fleming's Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w#UQjeQaMaLla9gTvOPd_k4A) and Fleming's House Potato (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w#ekWjGCWTHZ7SZstbUVYYVQ) for sides. The house potato was very delicious; it was layered, looked very different and tasted great. The Prime Rib (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w#gyYLtNR2oKml_BxIs1SZgg) was tender and was served with three kinds of sauces.

My husband ordered Porcini Rubbed Filet Mignon and thoroughly relished it. For desserts, I ordered their popular chocolate lave cake.

Our waiter was very solicitous and the food was fantastic. My husband particularly loved their romantic ambiance. Overall, a wonderful dining experience.
Fleming's is what you would expect from a steak house. Don't stray too far from the red meat as it's what they do best, and even then, it's not the best.

Also, the attire is far from dressy. The restaurant is in a mall for Chrissake.
Lunch menu was... interesting. Previous experiences have been pretty good, but holy crap, the kitchen was SLOW today. Sat down, 20 minutes til ordered, 25 or 35 minutes to food, it took an eternity.

The burger was quite good but not worth the wait, not worth this much money either.

Ambiance is modern, light, but not quite airy. Nice enough at least.

And I still need to try happy hour...
After reading wonderful reviews and hearing from friends that this was a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh I was slightly disappointed in my personal experience at this restaurant.  My party of 8 went to Toast! for dinner on a Friday night.  My first impression of the restaurant was that the downstairs was cozy and seemed ideal for a glass of wine and intimate dinner.  However, our group was seated upstairs at a very nice, private round table.  

Our waiter was extremely knowledgable on the wine list and suggested a wonderful Pinot Noir.  I really liked how you can either do a taste, half glass, glass, or bottle of the wines.  It makes it fun if you want to try a few different ones throughout the meal.  The meal was not rushed at all and our party was given time to talk amongst ourselves before ordering.

For a starter I ordered the Beet Salad which was delicious.  The black truffles on the beets were excellent and this was a great way to start the meal.  Some of the other salads ordered by our group were the Spinach Salad and Vegetarian Caesar.  The Spinach Salad looked great and was enjoyed by everyone who ordered it.  The fried egg and thick chunks of bacon make it special and something that you can't find anywhere else.

For our main entrees our group ordered: Flounder (with blue crab), New York Strip Steak, and the Gerbers Farm Chicken.  I was one of the people to order the flounder (our waiter recommended this as his favorite fish on the menu) and since I have a crab allergy, they were able to substitute asparagus instead.  Unfortunately, I found the fish a little bland and was disappointed that I did not get the creamed corn with my meal.  I, along with the two others who ordered the fish, would have liked to have seen more of a sauce on the fish.

Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dish.  The Steak came with what was described as an "awesome roasted cauliflower" for a vegetable and the chicken looked delicious.  Looking back on it, I would have gone with a different main course but all in all we had a relaxing and enjoyable experience.  I'd like to go back and try something different on the menu and since the menu changes practically daily, I don't see this being a problem.
Came here on Valentine's day ;) only because my sister gave me a giftcard (good deal- go to Costco and you can get two $50 dollar giftcards for $79.99, unless prices went up) and we got, the seared ahi, which was good by itself, but the sauce was NASTY! The caesar salad was delish, the fries were good but salty, and the onion rings were not bad. The steak (filet mignon) medium-rare was gooooooooood. Crunchy-on the outside, and soft, moist, and yum on the inside. Just rubbed with salt & pepper. Could have a bit more flavor, but was good. Also had the BBQ Salmon, which was pretty good too, more light than steak. We got hooked up with this promotion and got free wine glasses (nice!) and Flemings gave out a giftcard for a future dinner (double nice). But was expensive. 2 people = Over a 100 bucks (including 2 sodas).
Love Teresa Caffe - I'm a frequent diner here. The service is fast, friendly and attentive.  It's busy every night of the week! They serve an assortment of bread with olive oil before the meal - it's always fresh, warm and tasty. I swear by the conchiglie balsamico. It comes with chicken and asparagus, and the sweet and tangy cream sauce makes the dish deeeeelicious! My other favorites are the margherita pizza, penne all' arrabbiata and pollo rosmarino. All portions are fairly large and I usually pack half! The only dish I wouldn't recommend is their whole wheat pasta - it's cooked al dente and tastes dry and chewy - not a good combination. Their tiramasu and nutella pizza desserts are YUM!! They don't take reservations (except for Sat/Sun brunch) but if you call 1-2 hours in advance you can put your name down on the waiting list.  The dress code is fairly casual - look proper and just don't go in sweats! The restaurant is located in downtown Princeton and is a perfect stop after an afternoon/evening of shopping :)
An enjoyable meal in a nice restaurant is what I experienced at Napa Valley Grille.  After leaving the Hammer Museum, my friend suggested we get some lunch here.  The food was rather decent and the ambiance was appealing.  We opted to eat indoors, due to the chill outside, but were given the option to dine on the patio.  Never before had I eaten or heard of blue potatoes.  I just assumed the potatoes were burnt or something but, I was informed that they're blue.  Interesting, but good, as the taste is similar to regular potatoes.  Also, Napa Valley has good Alaskan Halibut.  Though a bit pricey, this is a nice dining place.
One of my favorite places to take a day off from work in the spring and drink instead of doing anything productive.  This is an unknown place to get a great burger and I was pretty pissed off when they stopped serving there french fries which were amazing.  Plus Bobby Brown drank here so why wouldn't you go?
Yelp led me to the right place. After reading so many good reviews I went here with a group of friends last night and it was perfect for what we were looking for; namely a laid back atmosphere. Like everyone says, it is a great place to eat, drink, and talk to your friends. I had the grilled cheese sandwich (w/tomato) and it was good (try dipping it in their salsa too!).
Amazing amazing amazing food and wine!! Everything is fresh, unique, and flavorful!!! I enjoyed every bit of food (esp. the scallops, burger, cauliflower, roasted garlic pizza, and crostini!!) And I walked away super satisfied! Fyi: For dessert, get the warm bread pudding with vanilla ice cream on top!!! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!
I came here with my Costa Rica/Ride o' Die friend of mine for drinks & tapas. 

I order the Bruchetta, the garlic pizza, & the mac & cheese. 

The food was sooo awesome. The service was ok. 

The reason it gets 3 stars is because the food woke me up at 6.30 am on a Saturday because i almost SHAT MY PANTS! 

I thought i got food poisoning! I text my friend the very embarrassing TMI moment i was experiencing and it turns out... she was on the john too!! BECAUSE OF THE FOOD WE ATE! 

So next time i come to this place, i will have the Pep-to for dessert. 

Yeaaaahhhhhhhhh....
Mediocre food for the price, busboy got mad with me and was making threats... Never again, thank you and good luck to you.
I love to go there for all my formal dinners. Love to sit outside and enjoy my food.

Little more speedy services could have been better.
I am not going to scribble a lot of things since there already are a handful of reviews... but a few highlights... 

1. Grilled marinated lamb loin chops*\ risi e bisi, parsley brown butter sauce, feta cheese stuffed piquillo pepper + Chilled spicy tuna*\ avocado timable, napa kimchi, wasabi peas, seaweed salad, shiso, shishito pepper gelee + Syrah blend, Boekenhootskloof The Wolftrap (from South Africa)

And now repeat that a billion times... oh wait... a trillion times... ohh no no wait a second more... make it a gaziilion times... or you know what, just go and try it... if you don't like it, you don't have a good taste, period !
Best to come during happy hour. Weekdays 5-7pm and all the dishes are $5. 

Pan Seared Scallops- I LOVE their scallops. Always cooked perfectly with some tasty sauce

Bacaro Burger- Juicy and delicious

Cauliflower with chipotle sauce- Definitely got a kick to it and there was a lot of cauliflower

Bruchette with roasted garlic- Man this was tasty. I love garlic and the spread was delicious

Their service is friendly, but I wish they were better about filling water cups. Or maybe just get bigger cups!
As far as Happy Hour Goes.... it was okay. (my rating is for their HH)

I've eaten in the restaurant and it was a great experience (despite the sad offering of desserts), and although the HH was good, I wasn't blown away.  I suppose I may have been biased... our server hardly came by to check on us AND THEN forgot to input our order.  We were having fun talking so it didn't bother us too much, but it was an hour before the server realized his mistake. NEWBIE. 

The beer discounts are comparable to BrewCo's standard prices across the street.  Slider - eh. Mac n Cheese - good but SUPER rich. calamari - standard. Shrimp skewer - pretty good, the best thing out of what we tried.  Overall Feel: nothing to get excited about.

HH (@ patio & bar)
Mon-Sat:  5 - 7 p.m. & 9 p.m. - 12 a.m.
Sun: 3-7 p.m.
Dropped $650.00 on dinner here so pay attention bitches.....cause I'm throwing down a serious review but keeping it simple. 

Downside
- My limo can't fit through the circular drive at this place
- Had a reservation on OpenTable but still had to wait .15 minutes for a table

Upside
- Great service 
- Ordered the seafood tower...plentiful for 3 people 
- Steaks were cooked to order, perfectly done all the way around
- Food to go I ordered was also prepared in a timely manner and packaged nicely
- Tight on time and manager gave us 2 gift cards because we had no time for dessert and our dinner ran over our time limit, so cool of them

Overall experience? Surprising since I don't usually fancy the steakhouse chains. 

Going back? You betcha!
This place was recommended to us by my boyfriend's dad because he used to eat at the one in LA all the time. This restaurant disappointed me. We always go to Sundance Steakhouse but I thought we'd try something new for New Year's but I was disappointed. I ordered the filet mignon medium, and I got a well done hard steak. I didn't bother to complain because it took them about 20 minutes to get the food out. Maybe it was New Year's, but i cant see myself coming back. However, I'd give it a 2 just because their creme brulee was good.
Happy happy hour

This review is only for their happy hour menu. 5,6,7! 5 items, $6 each, from 4-7. Great food at a good price. 

Came here around 5:45, the bar area was filled with people, from the casual diners to businessmen in suits. Though it was full, the wait for two seats to open up was no more than 10mins. We could've sat outside, but it was too chilly, even with the heat lamps. 

What we ordered:
- tenderloin carpaccio: great flavors, served with cheese biscuits and some greens. 
- Flemings burger: hearty burger with your choice of cheddar, American or swiss. Side of thousand island and two onion rings. 
- BBQ shrimp: 6 medium sized shrimp sitting in a plate of yummy Cajun BBQ sauce and a piece of bread to soak up the sauce. 
- $3 Hef: good beer at a good price 

The bill came out to be a little over $40 with tip. Good meal overall.
The restaurant was a great find in SLO! It is pretty small (only 13 seats) but has a lot of charm that keeps bringing me back. The service is very consistently amazing. The food is great, especially the soups. I go there at least once a week for lunch.
I've been here half a dozen times for happy hour and once for dinner.  I'll try to separate the two below.

Happy Hour - wonderful. Flemings have a nice selection of items on the happy hour menu. My favorite is the seared tuna and $6 burger. (I heard they are taking the burger off the menu.) My friends say the martinis are good but I've only had beer or wine. The happy hour section is pretty small so if you don't go early enough, it is very hard to get a seat.

Dinner - not bad but I wouldn't come again.  The things I care most about when I go to a steakhouse is the steak and clean utensils and an attentive waiter. The prime rib I ordered was good so that's the bulk of my impression.  It was cooked to the medium I had hoped for. The utensils were clean and sharp. The service was decent. But really, the experience as a whole was lacking. We waited to long for our steak to arrive. We asked for no tomatoes on the salad and there were tomatoes. My water cup would be empty for too long for a place that was not busy. It was simply missing the bells and whistles we were charged for.
Pretty much perfect. 
The man friend and I decided to give this place a try as we were long over due for a date night. 
They start you off with delicious bread that comes with a feta spread and a sun dried tomato spread, both which were good. 
We started with the seared ahi tuna and the wedge salad. The seared ahi tuna melts in your mouth and the wedge salad was good but nothing spectacular. 
For my main dish I got the peppercorn steak. It was to die for. The peppercorn steak came with their special "F17" sauce... something I would loveeee to have the recipe for. I had the asparagus on the side which was a great complement to my steak. 
Great food, great service, great atmosphere... I'm definitely coming back.
Awesome food, great service and a wonderful atmosphere! Our whole family loves Flemings!!
Without a doubt, one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh. After planning to go here for about 3 months, my girlfriend surprised me with reservations last night (for our 3 month'aversary...yah, we're adorable...I know). And both of us were blown away. Let's start at the beginning.

The decor is just right. Small rooms on the second floor with dark wood and exposed brick. They even use dark red blinds to slightly lighten the room (with the sun coming through them) but not so much to spoil the mood. If you need a romantic spot, you've found it (as long as you don't mind schlepping up a steep set of stairs to get there).

On to the service. Our waiter was fantastic. Timely, knowledgeable and friendly.  I asked him to write down the wines we were having (more on this below), and he was kind enough to give us a copy of the wine list and write in the wines that were off menu. Fantastic! 

And most importantly, the delicious food. On Tuesdays, Toast offers a 4-course tasting menu (no dessert) that varies not just by the day, but by the person! My girlfriend and I both went this route and had 8 (actually 9 with the dessert) dishes to try between the two of us. And let me tell you, they were all fantastic. Unfortunately, because it was dark (this is not a bad thing), none of my photos came out (damn iPhone and it's lack of flash), but I'm happy to describe everything. 

First Course: I had the beets, goat cheese (I think), and something else salad. FANTASTIC. My girlfriend had the spinach and egg salad. An interesting dish where 2 fried eggs sat atop a bed of spinach. I never would have guessed that that would be a good mix, but boy was it ever!

Second Course: I had the mac & cheese + bacon. I'm not a mac&cheese guy, but this was fantastic. The bacon flavor permeated throughout the dish and the pasta was cooked to perfection. My girlfriend had the shrimp and pasts (i think they were raviolis, but I forget) and it was also great. The shrimp (something I can only eat in small quantities due to an allergy) was perfectly cooks and she reported that it was a great dish. 

Third Course: I had a fresh water fish from the great lakes (forget the name) on a bed of black beans and it was very tasty (probably the worst dish...but that's really not an insult). My girlfriend, however, had a trout (I think) that was exceptional. The skin was crunchy and the meat was soft and tender. It had a wonderful flavor to it and was probably my favorite dish of the night.

Fourth Course: On to meat! We both had beef, but with different sauces...her's sweater than mine. Mine was accented with green beans and potatoes. Sounds boring, right? Well that's what I thought, but boy was I wrong. The green beans were seasoned perfectly and I wish I had more! Overall, both dishes were perfectly cooked (I hope you like your beef medium-rare, with an emphasis on the rare) and the presentations was great.

Dessert: We were pretty full at this point so we split one dessert. We wanted the backed local peaches, but they were out, so we opted for the French Toast. It was good. Not great, but tasty. The problem is that the first 4 courses were so perfect, that the dessert feel a little flat. 

As for the wine, the parings (for $15/person) were fantastic. Each wine was exceptional on its own and even better with it's accompanied dish. Unfortunately, that list I mentioned earlier is currently with my girlfriend! As soon as I get it back, I'll update this post.

If you are looking for a romantic, upscale, and yet reasonably priced (under $100 for the two of us), meal, look no further. Toast lives up the the expectations we put on it.
When Vinology first opened, my wife and I had a perfectly acceptable meal here. At the time, I probably would have graded the restaurant around 3 stars, as it had a menu that had bright spots but the vibe just wasn't there and the service was pretty bad. Like all restaurants, it had its growing pains, and after a few months we went back and received great service but the menu wasn't quite in shape yet.

We didn't really think to go back until we heard that the restaurant changed chefs and adopted a philosophy of buying ingredients from local farmers and suppliers. After hearing this change in attitude, we decided to go back and check out the new restaurant and we were very pleasantly surprised to see it had really grown into a pretty cool place.

The small plates menu changes somewhat infrequently but often you'll find something fun and unusual, and mixing 3 or 4 small plates with a flight of wine can be a perfect way to experience this place for the first time. The dinner menu has some really choice items, and like the small plates it changes here and there. Chef Brandon Johns has a really keen eye for mixing together unusual ingredients and making something really cool with it, and he often roams the restaurant striking up conversations about the food and the atmosphere.

The decor is pretty awesome and the booths in particular are really fun to just chill out in. The wine selection is outstanding, as you would guess, and the flights are really well mixed. Even just hanging out at the bar can be fun, their ice wine martini's are really excellent and you usually get prompt service even when its busy.

I understand that some people feel daunted by the atmosphere (read some of the defensive reviews below to see what I mean) but if you actually pay attention you'll find the wait staff is very nice and not at all stuffy or rude. As a perfect example, just last night my wife and I came in dressed in scrubby summer clothes and didn't exactly break the bank (two small plates and one glass of wine) and we still received excellent service despite not being the stereotypical customer.

In short, this is another one of my favorite restaurants in town and I think that it makes for an interesting and fun dining experience.
To be truthful we did go here over a holiday dinner which are notoriously bad times to dine.  The food was sub par, but we will hopefully be back to try some more offerings.
The menu is leaps and bounds better than it used to be. I didn't used to be very impressed, but on a recent try they sure showed me! The portions, the flavors, the paired vegetables, entrees and sides were all perfectly paired. I ordered the scallops,   husband ordered the salmon.
I've been here several times in the past and had it once again last night for a large banquet. The food is good and the service is decent. I'll give it three stars because there was a dead cockroach one of our chairs and the waiters took a little longer than anticipated to attend to everyone's needs. The servings are a lot smaller than I had anticipated as well.

All in all, it's probably one of the higher end restaurants in Westwood. If you live in Westwood and you don't drive, it's a great option for a date or a large end-of-the-year group gathering. If you do drive, there are probably tons of better options out there.

P.S. I love the decor of the outdoor patio at night. Be sure to check it out!
For the price, it's not great. It's good.
I ordered a sample plate, with a piece of fish, chicken, and filet mignon. The fish was terrible. The crust on it was weird, and it was horribly overcooked, really bad. We ordered a side of spicy snap peas, which was completely mediocre, and also a side of jalapeno scalloped potatoes; they were awesome. We even duplicated the recipe at home because we craved it afterwards. We got the dessert sampler with lava cake, creme brulee, cheesecake, and couple more things (obviously forgettable things). The creme brulee was awesome, best creme brulee I've ever had!
We had reservations and were seated very promptly. Our waiter was... I don't know, new to the business or something? Maybe he just really sucked, we had a whole discussion on it and couldn't figure it out. He was sort of clumsy and didn't know that much about the food. He was awkward all around.
And finally, the entire reason which compelled me to write this review at all: They need to get some sea salt up in this bitch!! Flemings, are you seriously trying to be an upscale steak house and putting standard table salt out for your $40 steaks???????
I snagged a groupon deal that was offered sometime last year: $20 for $40 worth of food and drink.

So on a Saturday night, me and the boyfriend made the trek from the Valley to USC area-ish.  The surrounding area is a bit sketchy so I was relieved that we found street parking really close to Bacaro.  

Upon walking in my first thought was damn, this place is tiny. My second thought was damn, this place is packed. We placed our names on a wall mounted chalkboard to be seated...the wait time was close to an hour. So we spent our time standing at the bar ordering drinks and half of our food:

-2 beers and 2 glasses of wine
-bacaro burger (my favorite)
-roast beef and onion panini (the boyfriend's favorite)

By the time we were seated, we had finished our drinks and proceeded to order:
-bruschetta (1 tuscan white bean which was yummy & 1 roasted garlic w/ pesto which had a god awful amount of garlic) 
-margherita pizza

All in all with the groupon deal, our bill came out to $6.10 (excluding tip).  We both had a nice time trying something new that offered good food at a bargain.  We plan on going back for their beefsteak Sundays.
Went here last night with my two girlfriends, since one of them loves it and the other thought it would be a good idea.  It is a small place.  It was very hot inside.  They had to wait 30-40 minutes to be seated, but I had showed up about a half hour late so it wasn't too bad for me.  

Our server was a bit off, slightly strange, but nice.  He pushed wine on us but as we don't have too much right now only my married friend ordered the Chardonnay wine.  The other girl is on her break from Medical school in Barbados so she and I got plain water.  We thought it was strange the menu did not mention any non-alcoholic drinks.

Our bread came out late but was very good.  We had ordered the appetizer special which came out a bit delayed but was delicious-rice balls.  Our server was very knowledgeable in describing what the monkfish special was, so our married friend ordered that for her dinner.  Medical school friend got the Salmon with Italian rice (perfect since this place is organic and she is super health-conscious), and I got the Cavolo Pizzette (small pizza), which had shitake mushrooms, red pepperoncini (HOT), feta cheese, and kale.  It did take a while after our appetizers for our food to arrive, but that was ok since we appreciated having time to catch up and talk.  Our food was delicious-we each tried some of each other's.  I was the only one who wanted to box mine up.  I had eaten two pieces of the pizza and wanted to eat two the following day for lunch.  I was dismayed to come home and find that the server only included one piece of pizza in my take home bag :(  That really stinks.  When I was a server at an Italian restaurant, I NEVER shortchanged customers of their food, no matter how small or little.  Food and food consumption are sensitive things.  However, since I paid a good deal for the pizza ($16), I wanted to take home the rest that was left.
For some reason I've only ever been to Shay's on Saturday afternoons.  The same bartender is always there (never got his name), he always plays great music.  The burgers are great and the beer selection is excellent for an almost-dive.
A new friend took me here last night- I don't think it gets any better than this. Amazing wine selection, food is to die for- The service was impeccable and we the last to leave- The food was so good we almost ate the plates. Easy off the freeway access for us west side beachers... I will return here soon- Very soon. I recommend the eggplant dish and the bread pudding desert. It was also nice because the owner is there and was very friendly- There are not many places in LA like this one.
***This is a review for the bar/happy hour.

As the day was winding down, I had a craving for a burger.  But this burger had to be simple and tasty.  I don't need all that extra fluff, the sauces, the toppings, etc.  Just the meat, bun and veggies will make me very happy.  Flemings offered just that.  Their happy hour cheeseburger was delectable.  $6 bucks for an amazing juicy burger without the fluff is a bargain.  To top if off, a bottle of Stella Artois for $3!  What a steal.  

I must give credit for my friend Jon for discovering this amazing deal.  Most of their appetizers were only $6 and happy hour ends at 7pm.  That alone is a sweet deal.  The only downside is being able to grab a seat at the bar or tables.  It usually gets full pretty early because of the regulars but that shouldn't stop you.

If you're anxious to try fine dining eats at a cheap price, Flemings is definitely the place to check out.  Don't need the extra fluff, let's get right to it... =)
Really good steak, cooked perfect , juicy and full flavored
Great service
Was friendly to baby, which we were scared to bring in
 Negatives..... Valet sucks!!! Judged us on our rental car and said valet was closed, although we saw them drive in many nice ones all night.
Ass holes lol
But I can't judge the restaurant for that unless they hired them.

Lava cake ain't all that great
Bread and dip is the best I had. Well for sure the best dip!!!!!
Once again, Napa Valley Grille delivers. The happy hour here is top notch. The service is always great: efficient and polite. The food is really incredible. Their tiny slider burger rates as one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had and the chopped salad is so yummy. 

But the prices are what really make it an incredible value and experience. For $30, a couple can share several small plates and have a drink in a relaxed romantic atmosphere. And in a short period of time. Such a great way to end an evening!
Superb.  I went with a group.  It was top notch.  The service was fabulous.  The food was perfect.  I tend to frequent Ruth Chris, but this place def. caught my attention.  I need to bring my man in there....   He will love it!  Thank you for the exceptional experience!
Had the burger with fried egg...did not expect it to not be on a bun, but on sliced bread. The "burger" did not come with bread on top either so it seemed half completed. The meal was a bit small as well. The drink list, although creative with being on a big black board on the wall, can be hard to see if you are sitting against the wall. Other reviews say their tapas and other things are good so until then, was not too impressed with Bacaro. Will need to come back and try other things.
4 stars...went to napa valley grille last night for the v-day pre-fix dinner...the high ceilings, decor, and open layout was refreshing. The amuse of wild mushroom and creamy truffle grits was amazing. I had the sirloin and she had the rack of lamb, both were cooked perfectly, service was stellar, and yes the busboys were VERY eager to clear our plates.

The best part of the night was getting our car back from the valet and finding a box full of mini cupcakes in the car (even though the cupcakes were dry and not very tasty, hey it was still a nice surprise)

-1 star kinda pricey
Happy hour at Vinology rules.  And it's not just once a week either, but 4-6pm, Monday through Friday.  50% off wine?  Sign me up.  (The discounted pizza was worth skipping though)

The best one I've had there was a German white wine, not too sweet and super cheap.  I'll be back.
This is the ideal meet-the-parents restaurant in Princeton - close to the campus housed in a colonial-style brick building right off Palmer Square with a risk-averse Italian menu that is sure to please judgy Grandma and nosy adolescent sister alike. At least that's the vibe I was picking up at here. I think it wants to be an earthy trattoria, but it can't help but reflect its conservative clientele. The hostess was a bit on the snippy side, perhaps because she was hesitant to give up a table for two for this lowly solitary diner on his first evening of his Princeton business trip. 

Nonetheless, they seated me at one right next to a senior couple who kept staring at me on my iPhone to alleviate their boredom. The crusty bread came quick with a pool of olive oil with a dredge of oregano bits swirling about (see photo). I first went with the $11 Rucola E Noci, which was a good arugula salad mixed with marinated roasted beets, goat cheese, orange slices, and toasted almonds in a cider vinaigrette (see photo). It was fine, nothing outstanding and not quite fresh-tasting enough to stand out more in this Californian's memory. 

For my entree, I ordered the $19 Garganelli, a tube-shaped egg pasta which came mixed with spinach, Parmesan, and sauteed mushrooms (see photo). Again it was fine, nothing wrong with it except maybe a bit paltry in portion considering the price. Meanwhile, I was watching the pizzettes coming out of their brick oven and thinking that looked pretty good by comparison. But that'll have to wait for next time because I have to show Grandma my dorm room and introduce her to my roommate. Hey, stash my bong away, dude. 

FOOD - 3 stars...hey, what's good enough for Grandma... 
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...casual and convivial 
SERVICE - 3 stars...everyone looks a little impatient 
TOTAL - 3 stars...like I said, risk averse...I'm surprised this is part of the same restaurant group that handles the exceptional Eno Terra in Kingston
I came here last weekend for the Sunday prime rib dinner special, and it was one of the best dinners I've had in a long time! Not only was the food great, it put me in a fantastic mood for the rest of the night =).

We started off our meal with some bread and two types of butter, I believe one was tomato basil and the other had feta. So good! I really liked the feta butter, and the bread tasted kind of like pizza haha. For my salad, I got the wedge, and they cut it up for me in the kitchen making it easy to eat. I liked the salad but I would not recommend it to those who aren't huge fans of cheese. There was a lot of bleu cheese and it was pretty strong. My boyfriend got a caesar and he also enjoyed it. 

The prime rib was delicious! Very tender, and had 3 different sauces to go with it. I know one was horseradish, but I'm not really sure what the other two were flavored with. It would've been nice to just have regular au jus though. We ordered roasted garlic mashed potatoes and half and half (onion rings and shoestring fries) for sides. They were huge! The mashed potatoes were yummy, but are very very garlicky. Don't get it unless you really love garlic like me =). The fries were very thin, and the onion rings were huge and crispy! Soo good, but so much food that we ended up taking half of or prime ribs and sides to go.

Last but not least, the desserts! We ordered chocolate lava cake and cheesecake. Our server reminded us during our dinner that the lava cake takes 15 minutes to prepare if we wanted to order it, and it was definitely worth the 15 minutes. The cake had a slight crunch on its exterior, with a delcious melty center that flowed out. A scoop of ice cream was served in a little pistachio cookie bowl which was also delicious. I'd have to say this is the best lava cake I've ever had! The cheesecake was good as well, but the lava cake stole the spotlight.

All in all, I was extremely satisfied with my meal, the service at Fleming's, and especially the price ($30 for July and August). If I was made of money I'd come back next weekend! The only downside to the meal is that we asked to have the sauces for the prime rib packed to go but they were sadly missing when we had the leftovers =(.
Not sure where to start with this review. It's a decent steakhouse, for one. It's got the woody/dark steakhouse ambiance, attentive servers, and fairly decent aged steak. What it also has, is an overly eager wait staff that is constantly upselling you. I've been to many steakhouses, and many restaurants (both on the upper and lower end of the price spectrum), and one of the things I least enjoy, is when I am constantly being upsold to. I love eating my meal in peace. 

First, the meal. I had a petite filet mignon with a side of the chipotle mac and cheese. My steak was tender in the center (I ordered it medium rare) but the outsides were dry and almost flavorless. I ended up cutting off the outside more cooked parts, and simply eating the redder meat inside. My boyfriend's bone in rib eye was much more impressive, flavorful, tender, and juicy both inside and out. I loved the mac and cheese though, it was rich, hearty, and delectably cheesy.

My friend ordered the creme brulee, of which I tried a bite. Pretty good, but in a standard creme brulee way. It was nice to see the vanilla bean specks at the bottom of the dish though. 

And now, about the upselling. Every few minutes, the server would come out, and ask if we wanted more things. Do you want a salad with that? How about wine? Oh, you have your steaks now, NOW do you want wine? Oh, you're halfway through your meal, but do you want dessert? Let me come back and ask you a second time, do you want dessert? 

It was really aggravating. We were asked whether we wanted drinks two or three times, we were asked about dessert twice, I mean, I get it, you want us to order a lot, and we're the type of people that are very willing to order a lot (I always prefer chef's tasting menus over regular tasting menus, for example, and I love splurging on desserts and drinks) but there comes a moment where you really just want to eat in peace. I didn't want to be talking to my friends or my boyfriend and get interrupted mid-sentence by someone asking if I want 'to think about dessert' when I am not even half way done with my meal (or anyone else, for that matter). 

I'd come here again for the sake of coming here with other people, but I am not particularly inclined to come here again of my own accord.

EDIT: I have a funny feeling that the waitress who tried so hard to upsell us is flaming me about this post. It's just a hunch, but this person got very personally offended about my post, and also mentioned certain 'details' that I didn't even include in this review. Strange huh?
Fleming's in San Diego is fantastic, but the newer Palo Alto branch is absolutely stunning! 

There is one reason and one reason only why Fleming's beats all other steakhouse competition : their offerings of wines by the glass, which is close to 100 different options. Granted, spending $22 a glass on a 2006 Chateau Montelena may seem steep, but when the bottle is sold at $120+ in the actual winery and is never sold for less than $150 on most restaurant menus by the bottle, this completely solves the problem of dropping serious cash at dinner and loosing the overall quality. I know I often get too drunk beforehand to appreciate the bottle come dinner time, as I'm sure most people do also. 

Oh wait, but this is a steakhouse, right? So onto the more important part! Wedge salad with huge chunks of blue cheese....french onion soup done just right....Fleming's own potato recipe (au gratin with jalapenos!) and the always perfect filet mignon or bone-in rib-eye. Tastebuds are singing by the first bite of any dish here. Their prix fixe is a steal at $35.95 or if you're the type of girl that stuffs her face full of bread and too much salad before the main course, their petite servings of either filet, fish or lamb with a small side serving is just right!

Our wait service was fantastic (folding napkins every time we got up to us the restroom, not letting a single empty dish haunt our table). Our waiter was especially endearing to my heart as he right away guessed I was an advocate of Chateau Montelena in asking on our wine tastes and bringing surprise recommendations....as well as gave me an extra glass of chilled milk to accompany my date's prix fixe dessert of warm cookies and chilled milk.

Their lunch is also a fantastic deal according to former customers of mine. All I can say is, who doesn't love steak after a day of shopping?
My four stars is only for the Happy Hour at the La Jolla location.

Mushroom ravioli was light and creamy and overall delicious. The way the sauce mingled with the roasted mushroom flavor made me want more!
The beef carpaccio was melt-in-your-mouth good. It felt like eating beef sashimi, which was both a new experience for me and tasty. I'll be coming back for more of that!
BBQ shrimp: meh. Little spicy, and the soup was really greasy. Something tells me I wasn't supposed to drink that... Something also tells me that that wasn't soup. Hm...
The seared ahi was fresh and paired well with the horseradish and sliced carrots and daikon, but the portion was tiny! Well, what else should I expect for 6 bucks, right?
Calamari here, in my opinion, isn't really that great. They weren't that crispy, just breaded and kind of greasy. The peppers that are served with them were zesty and sweet, so that added a much-needed kick to the flavor.

Then there's the burger. Low price aside, I would rate this burger 3.5/5. I order mine medium rare every time, and the patty comes out fine. It's just that the beef doesn't blend well with the bread, lettuce, tomato, onion, and the sauce was a little too rich and tangy. The bacon in this thing also improved the flavor. By a LOT. The only downside to this is that eating this ends up too greasy, and I end up having to wash my hands before I can do anything else.

Overall, not bad. Their bleu cheese packs a punch though, so opt for the cheddar if you prefer your cheeses milder in flavor.
Would not recommend.  It's the kind of place where if you're a regular you get seated quickly, and even if you're not, regardless of having a reservation, you wait....Food is good, but not great in comparison to other fine italian restaurants (like al forno).  Atmosphere is a little noisy but otherwise is very nice.  Menu is seasonal with many options, but overall, service is hit or miss....
Pretty damn good. Good steak, great calamari app, delicious lobster mashed potatoes.
I'm not super familiar with Cova, so I'm not sure if my experience was colored by the fact that we were only picking up a bottle of wine to go, not planning on staying.  A friend and I were headed to dinner at a BYOB place and popped into this Cova location to pick up a bottle of wine.  The staff person helping us kept directing us to bottles of wine that were not the type we had requested, without any explanation as to why we were being directed to these different wines.  We finally had to ask point blank, "Do you not have any Cotes du Rhone?"  It was only after this that she took us over to those bottles, all of which were at minimum $20 cheaper than any other option she had shown us.

Now, don't get me wrong -- I enjoy when a knowledgeable salesperson points me in the direction of a new and interesting wine to try.  However, in this particular circumstance, I didn't feel like I was being educated about why the wines I was being shown were going to be interesting alternatives, and I didn't feel like I was being given a choice.  We weren't particularly looking for an inexpensive bottle of wine, either, it just so happened that the Cotes du Rhone at this location were not as expensive.  

The impression we were left with, fair or not, was that the staff person, knowing that our choice was going to be a less expensive bottle, was trying to push a more expensive bottle on us.  It was off-putting and makes me hesitant to return here.
Went here on a Sunday and were seated within seconds (not really, more like minutes).
The staff was nice, friendly, and helpful.  Seemed like they genuinely cared, even though they probably didn't.  At least they pretended to.
Right off, I noticed a lot of people sitting around us eating the prime rib dinner (salad, side vegetable, prime rib, dessert), which seemed like a pretty good deal at $36, so that's what I ordered.
I ordered the Caesar salad, which was good (lots of cheese).
My friend ordered filet ($37), which was really well cooked (much better than my prime rib, which had a fair amount of fat).
Had the mushrooms as a side, it was a very generous serving but covered in pepper.
Our waiter checked in on us periodically, but let us eat in peace for the most part.
For dessert, chocolate lava cake.  The plating was fun, and actually fairly practical (the vanilla ice cream was kept in a sort of wafer cup, which kept it from melting all over the hot cake) and a nice way to end the meal.
The bill ended up totaling $72 after tip and a $25 discount for having booked a reservation online.
I would go here again after a day of shopping at Stanford, but I don't know about driving here just for dinner (maybe for the filet).
great place = Cool interior, great beer, delicous tapas. Even their olive oil was amazing. Very low prices too. A must hit.
Still good, still good. Just wanted to come back and say 3 things:

-This being my 3rd time around, our waiter was just as friendly as the second. For some reason, this was the first time the person who brought us bread actually explained the 2 spreads that came with it.

-My now third creme brulee was better, and creamier, than the grainy-textured second, and almost as good as the first.

-I LOVE THEIR CRAB BEIGNETS! It's like a crab-cake ball of happiness. It had a perfect balance of crab with a trio of peppers. DELICIOUS. I also ate the Petrale Sole in a lemon butter sauce. I'm not usually a red/green pepper fan, but the peppers actually made the fish taste better, giving it a nice crunch and dimension to the flavor. YUM!
This place is a hidden gem! Came here on a Monday night with some friends and was able to take advantage of their great happy hour. We ordered so many things, I don't think I can remember them all, but some stand outs were- the roasted garlic bruschetta, the barrata, the burger was to DIE for! The cauliflower was cooked perfectly and had the most interesting spicy flavor. We also had the stuffed eggplant, the mac and cheese, the scallops, and the bread pudding. I enjoyed everything. My only complaint would be that the service was incredibly slow so we had a tendency to order several things at a time which meant that it all came out together. The tables are small so that was not convenient. We felt as if we needed to eat quickly to make room on the table. We also asked for individual plates 2-3 times and never actually got them. Overall, I would totally go again.
My friends brought me here for my birthday this year. We had a group of 8 people. We had a reservation and were seating quickly. Our waiter was very attentive. We each ordered 2 half entrees and shared. They were so delicious! A great way to try more than one thing. We also shared 3 bottles of wine, followed by 3 desserts for the table as well. Everything was amazing. Was disappointed that they don't do anything special for birthdays, but otherwise Highly recommended!
It's hard for a new Italian restaurant to impress me given all the heavy hitting Italian restaurants that have been around forever, but WOW! It feels like your eating in some futuristic part of Italy. 

The whole dining experience was so different and unexpected.

The tapas style antipasti was perfect. We assembled our favorite combos of meat, cheese, and olives, with none of the fillers or overly large portions that keep us from getting it for just the two of us. It went perfect with their Italian bread! 

We shared the pasta with egg plant and it was incredible. The pasta was so fresh and oddly shaped (in a good way) that we asked if it was homemade. Nope, just flow in from Italy. Flown in by a De Lorean I wonder? 

This place was not gimmicky at all. Just really great food in a nice modern, light and airy atmosphere. While it may be more of a splurge then then your local Italian restaurant, for us it was completely worth it. Bacaro is a really fun.
Pros: 

- Great happy hour pricing. $5 a plate. Ordered a beer, an appetizer (bruschetta), and a small plated entree (lemon chicken) for under $20. Both really tasty!

- All plates are tapas style, but can fill you up so don't be deceived. Also tried some of my friends' pizzas (one, an eggplant-- a little bland; two, the house pizza-- spicy but flavorful!). 

Cons: 

- Small space and gets crowded quickly. Visit with a max of four people in your party. Otherwise, good luck.

- Considerably understaffed and can understand why a waiting party will have to wait as long as they do.
After writing my review, I decided to contact the restaurant via their website.  I immediately got a call from management asking about my visit.  The manager assured me that my experience was out of the ordinary.  He convinced me to give them another chance.  I will be returning later this month.  If all goes well I will be writing a positive review in the near future.

27APR2012

So I finally got around to giving Flemings another chance.  This time I chose the downtown location.  The meal I had there was completely opposite to what I experienced in La Jolla.  The food was fantastic.  My wife and I ordered several small plates.  My wife commented to me mid-bite that the tempura was the best thing that had ever passed her lips.  

At this location, just as at the other, the service was top notch.
Just like another fellow Yelper, I have been eyeing this place from the outside for a while now. I could never figure out the name of the place from the outside, for some reason. I was with 3 other friends, heading to a different restaurant, actually.

We passed by Napa Valley Grille, and I decided to walk in and pick up a menu to take home and look at later. A gentleman who I think was also running the valet parking kindly opened the door for me and handed me a take home menu, as I asked.

But as I saw the menu....I stopped and asked my friends: "want to eat here instead?"

Their main entrees can get expensive ($12 vegetable pot pie - $35 filet mignon), but their Happy Hour has a fantastic assortment of $5.00 appetizers.

Honestly, you could come here with some friends and order a bunch of petite appetizers that pack a lot of taste.

It felt exquisite. Lovely bruschetta, short rib tostadas, deviled eggs, oysters (not on the happy hour menu), petite burger sliders (these were FANTASTIC), turkey meatballs in a mild horseradish and tomato sauce...

There were many other shareable options, including hummus, artisan cheeses, and zucchini flatbread pizza (not on the happy hour menu).

One of my friends ordered the vegetable pot pie, which I believe tasted good, but may have gotten a little overwhelming after a while. And it wasn't inside a pie all the way around...there was some kind of bread piece on top of a bowl with the vegetable pot pie dish inside. Oh well. My other friend ordered one after tasting a bite or two of the first one.

4 of us totaled a bill of $82, only because I decided to order 3 oysters ($3 each) and a mac and cheese dish with short ribs ($8.00).

It was well worth it, though!

So why did I rate this place 4 stars? Sloowwww service. They weren't busy at all when we got there at 9pm. I (half) jokingly told my friends "the only explanation for the food taking this long is that they have only one chef who is also cooking for the other 3 restaurants on the street."

It took quite a while for food to be brought to us each time we Ordered something. They may have sped it up if we asked, because after they realized theynforgot my order of mac and cheese, they brought things out a little quicker.

Of course, it's a nice place, so the expectation is probably to have a good time for a few hours. It would have been nice to get ournfood faster, nevertheless!

But all in all, the food was really good. If you come to Westwood, you have to try this place.

I'm definitely going back. And soon!
Had a fabulous dinner here last weekend. Great ambiance and service. Started with the sweet tomato and mozzarella salad (complete with chilled forks!) which was so delicious. Both the tomatoes and the balsamic dressing they use were very sweet. Then for an entree had the petite filet medium rare which was tender and cooked perfectly. We split the blue cheese mashed potatoes (awesome) and green beans for sides, but the green beans have mushrooms in the dish which I am not the biggest fan of. Finished up the meal splitting the creme brulee which was also excellent. I also had Orin Swift's "The Prisoner" which is my absolute favorite wine, which is hard to find everywhere. It is a little pricey but a nice treat when you are looking for a good steak and glass of red.
WOW this place is good. 

I went here a few months ago with a group (go early, as the place is small and fills up fast!) and so was able to try several things on the menu... and it was Happy Hour, so we saved some money too! 

Their special was a peppered fig wrapped in bacon. (AMAZING!) 
hehe.. I ordered it twice!

Everything we had there, the scallops, the panini, the crostini (the best one is definitely the one with gorganzola, dates, walnuts and honey). the pizza, the hangar steak, and more, was exceptionally tasty. 

I went again with my parents a few weeks later, and since they were in town for the Pac10 tournament, ended up getting delayed. Bacaro was very nice in pushing back our reservation (twice) and were still able to seat us within 10 minutes of our arrival. And once again the food and wine were amazing!

I love this place!
One of my favorite places to get "wine happy."  You know, that sublime moment when the warmth from the red wine coats your insides and your cheeks start to get pink, and your eyes narrow a bit and you smile that slow one-sided smile that makes you look alluring, mysterious, sexy even Yeah that's wine happy and Bacaro is one of the best purveyors of wine happy in L.A.

Really amazing food, our favorite is the chicken breast with risotto cake and the open faced burger. OMG, that burger! Order it with the fried egg and you swear you've died and gone to heaven, which for me is apropos because in my head, heaven looks like a dimly lit bar with amazing wine and cocktails and food and jazz, and people dancing slowly on an even more dimly lit dance floor and everything's in slow motion.  No jazz or dance floor here, but it's still pretty awesome.

Tips: If you want more than one glass of wine, and you will with their wine selection, order a whole bottle.  And while the place is small, they can accommodate bigger parties with a reservation.  If you are gonna do that route, save some $$ and bring your own great wine for $15 corkage.
Came here for lunch with a girlfriend. The place was very nice inside, like others have described cozy. Our waiter was perfectley attentive and polite and the food was delicious I had the salumi panini which had prosciutto cotto, fontina and goat cheese and balsamic onions. It was delicious and came with a very nice small salad on the side.

 My friend had the Salmone panini, which had an awesome olive tapanade and came with a really great potatoe salad. 
 I would love to come back and visit this place again, maybe for dinner this time.
The Tria in Rittenhouse is one of my absolute favorite places to go, so I went to the Left Bank one with high expectations. The menu and wine list is not nearly as extensive, and to my disappointment they did not have the grilled asparagus salad that I was craving. HOWEVER, the food they did have was still delicious, and if I were not comparing it to the Rittenhouse one I probably would have given it 5 stars. Highly recommend the butternut squash!
When you want to make quality food, you start with it's ingredients.  This place do their personal pizzas well.  I had the Uovo pizza, although the jalapenos on it were too hot for me, the rest of the pizza was pretty good.

One tip to be mindful of is party size.  Because there are no reservations, you might want to keep your group size under 6.
I have been to the Rancho Cucamonga location, so I have something to compare it to.  This is a great choice for steak in the Palo Alto area.  I had the Peppercorn steak with F17 sauce and the girlfriend had the rib eye.  We also had the Fleming's potatoes.

To start off the meal they give you a nice plate of bread with two different spreads, a feta cheese spread and a sun dried tomato spread.  Both have great flavor!

My peppercorn steak was great, wasn't buried in peppercorns, and the F17 sauce actually complimented the meat well.  I like my steak rare because I enjoy the beefy bloody flavor more than most, hell I'd eat it raw if I could.  My gf's ribeye was cooked medium rare, and tasted like a great steak should.  The Fleming's potatoes leaves something to be desired as it just tasted like it was smothered in cheese and basically an overdone gratin.

The service is spot on.  My water was never below half, and the server was not overbearing and was able to answer all questions pertaining to the menu competently. 

This operator of this particular Fleming's seems to run a tight ship, bill came out to a bit over $120 and totally worth the price.  Great quality food at a reasonable price.

Get your beef on!
Pretty good happy hour, if they had better appetizers I would have gave them 4 stars.  I liked the wine selection and the service is great.  Ambiance is pretty nice although it is a tad dark which could be a good thing.
Went to Flemings last night with a group of six for a late fathers day dinner. We didn't have reservations but only had to wait about 5 minutes. The restaurant seemed pretty dead but we were happy to be seated because we were all starving. 

We were promptly introduced to our waiter (Julio?) who was very patient with us as we asked (stupid) questions! 

We ordered:

*Lobster Mashed Potatoes: seems like a weird combo to me but it was actually pretty tasty! I would say 3 stars overall, but 4 stars for the lobster because it was cooked perfectly. 

*Mushroom Ravioli: I personally detest mushrooms so I didn't have any of these but the bf and the padre raved so 5 stars.

*Portebello Burger: bf said it was one of the best burgers he'd ever had. 5 stars.

*Beef Burger: Mom finished the whole thing so I imagine she enjoyed it. 5 stars I suppose.

*Main Filet Mignon: Delicious! We ordered it medium and most of it was, there was some inconsistencies though. Some parts were alittle too salty, but on the whole I was very pleased. 4 stars. 

*Pork chops: Brother asked for it cooked well-done so they butterflied it and he said it was very good. 

Cheesecake (for dessert obviously): yuuuuum. came with a side of homemade whipped cream. 5 stars for sure. (although I honestly didn't get much of it because my group ate it all! grrr)

Bill was around $189 w/o tip. For 6 people?! I was expecting to spend muuucch more so we were pleasantly surprised. 

4.5 stars!!

Will be back, when time (and wallet) allows.
I really wish that this place was here when I was going to school..!  The Pan seared scallops were amazing, and the Panini was really tasty.   It's pretty small, but really cozy and cute.  We were there with an extremely large group, we pretty much took up literally half of the restaurant. The waiter was really helpful, even though we had a really big group.  The portions were a bit small for our group, but with wine, and many courses we all left pretty full---but I probably could have gone out to eat after Bacaro. I definitely want to come back for the Sunday steak, or happy hour one day--the food was amazing, atmosphere was really hipster-y.  Come for the wine list and the Balvarian Beer!
I'm a wine guy who likes to think he knows what he's talking about.  But truth be told, I'm just a step above being able to say "I like Red!" and little else.

Which is why I love Vinology.  Twice I've been here, and twice my waiter was very helpful in asking us a few questions and finding us some super tasty selections (all without pushing us towards the most expensive wines available.  Score!) I never managed a full meal, but the apps are delectable and reasonably priced.

The decor is pretty fab, and if you want to impress a date, its a good place, sitting inside or out.  Plus the wait staff should keep you from looking like an idiot, a constant problem for pseudo fine diners such as myself.
I've come here once in a while to check out what's good with the 'SC hood, and this is definitely picking up the class.  Lots of white chicks, Kappas, triDelts, peeps from the Row, wine, cheese, and beer.  Also, highly recommended are Rose and Andy the bartender if you see them there (they are the shit).   Excellent wine and hors d'oeuvres selection.  

They recently expanded also, so it's not crowded as fuck.  Parking is pretty good (on the street and around the corner).  Also, I've noticed that some crowds can be assholes and fail to tip correctly, so don't be cheap!

Highly recommended: Mac and cheese + all the desserts.  And of course, all the booze.
What a cute little spot in a crappy part of town.  

The space is small, but perfect for appies and a group, sorta reminds me of las cuevas in Spain, only this one is Italian.  Italian, but also serves Sangria and even nicer for me, Fullers. 

The Food:
I had the eggplant stuffed with lamb, which was really flavorful.  Also had the cauliflower to keep "healthy", which had a nice kick and had beets with cheese, which were flavorful in a nice vinagrette and something that I usually don't appreciate, salt.

They also had a note stating that they are expanding their space in April, which is good since they had people waiting for seats while i was there.
My very generous coworker treated myself and some others to a x-mas dinner and boy was it delicious here. The T-Bone rib eye was the best I've ever tasted anywhere. Way better steak than Alexander's (sorry I love Alexander's but not for it's meat). I got my medium rare and the seasoning tasted great, didn't need extra sauce at all. Paired my steak with a lovely Cinnabar red wine. We also ordered the seafood tower, $130 worth of lobster, crab, etc to feed 7 people. Worth every penny from my coworker's pocket! LOL What also stood out was the roasted mushroom ravioli. Their desserts paired with a latte was a great way to end the meal.

It gets quite packed here. The atmosphere is dimmed lightening with a sports bar. For atmosphere I would go for Alexander's but they have pretty good service here as well. I will definitely be coming back here for some meat!
Truly a five star experience.  You pay for it, but it's worth every penny.  Extremely expensive, but you get what you pay for.    We went there for Christmas Eve dinner.  

Literally, yes, quite LITERALLY a filet mignon you did not need a knife to eat.
French Onion soup was very good.
Lobster mac and cheese was full of lobster chunks and claws (we expected a few little pieces, but got pretty much a whole small lobster in there).
Bone in rib eye was awesome (according to my beau).
Everything down to the bread with herbed butters (two came with it) was the kind of food that makes your mouth tingle and make you wish you could afford to eat this every day.

Wine list was commendable, with selections from low to high available.

Host, waiter, bussers, and all staff were attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly.  Offered things like higher end wine over lower and black napkin over white without being snooty or condescending about it.  

Stop reading here if you don't like criticism about small children in fine restaurants:  The only thing that marred this experience a bit was the restless baby and toddler that were seated with their family next to us.  Not Fleming's fault at all -- but sheesh people, do you really think a three year old is going to appreciate porccini mac and cheese?!    And do you really think that your constant cooing and baby talk to appease the kids (who didn't respond at all) is helping everyone around you to NOT notice your distractive presence at this place?  Please!  It STILL takes a village, and I'm one villager that is asking that you please take your children to Chili's or Outback!!    I didn't just pay $270 for an exquisite dinner and bottle of wine to listen to you recite children's rhymes in sing-song mode and ask if you can have the gourmet pasta with just butter for the kids.  Really, I seriously did NOT!

I guess maybe we could have asked Flemings to seat them in a more sequestered part of the restaurant or something, but I didn't want to make a scene.   

So then in other words, this place isn't good for small children (at least according to the adults around you!).  Get a sitter and you (and WE) will all enjoy it more.
Really pricey, but they have great happy hour menu.  Or kids love the food too
Adorable place with yummy eats in the middle of a not so great neighborhood.  I was looking for a place to meet my Westside friend somewhere near downtown and fellow Yelper Peggy K. recommended this little gem.  Lots of unusual wines to pick from and their small tappa like dishes are good to share.  We had to wait for a table on a Tuesday night around 7 pm, but as soon as a table freed up they sat us right away.  Service was super friendly, but once a big party arrived, our waitress got busy and ignored us for a while.  The other waiter stepped in helped us the rest of the night. The roasted garlic pizza has been my favorite eat so far!  Huge cloves of garlic topped the perfect crust and light layer of cheese. If you can get there earlier (5-7pm) they have a better deal on the food.  For 2 of us, we shared 4 dishes and a dessert, and both had a glass of wine, and the bill was about $45.  Not bad for a fun little meal in a fun little place!
Party of 8. Made reservations a week in advance for 7:30. Did not get seated until 8:30. Poor planning; poor execution. Reserved seating is something even the most basic restaurants can manage. Unacceptable.

In hindsight, it was Father's Day; is that a valid excuse for the poor service? Maybe. Perhaps Fleming's did not anticipate the holiday busyness (poor planning). Here's a rundown of the night.

7:15 - Arrived
8:30 - Seated
9:00 - Water Served (30 minutes!)
10:00 - Main Course Served
10:30 - Departed

Dads and grads received gift cards and dessert truffles, which were nice offerings. Unfortunately, they almost forgot to serve the grad gifts until we were just about done, but at that point we didn't have any more expectations. 

On the plus side, we were served an appetizer medley for the inconvenience. It was good. Their main course steaks were good as well, but the Cream Spinach was the highlight of the night. All in all, the food was acceptable. 

Does it make up for the starvation? No.
Went here during restaurant week 2 and was very disappointed. We were seated and given our bread to start with, and one end of the loaf was charred black. How this is permissible to serve to guests, I don't know.
Our appetizers were okay. I had the shrimp bisque which I found strangely spicy but still good. 
My entree was the sliced filet mignon with shitake risotto. The meat was tender, though flavorless. The risotto was not even edible. It tasted like someone left rice in the cooker all day until it was dry and burned and then balled it up to put the meat on top. The garlic mashed potatoes side was heavenly but I didn't come to a steakhouse to enjoy mashed potatoes.
Finally dessert. I got the turtle pie. It tasted like pecan pie, until you tried to eat whatever they used as "crust" which essentially tasted like burned corn syrup.
The final clincher was they had some guy coming over to refill the waters and take our plates but apparently the only english he knew was "let me get your server". Any time we tried to tell him anything he would mess it up or act confused. 

In conclusion: Go to Ruth's Chris, not this dump.
Super yummy!! Get the eggplant!
Quality stuff here.

Libations - the sangria is excellent.  I also enjoyed the Schneider organic edel-weisse beer.

Food - we tried 5 tapas and one dessert and they were all great.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and served in a (very hot) dish with a corn and cherry tomato mix.  The lamb burger was exceptional.  Such a wonderful variety of flavors.  The macaroni and cheese was solid.  Not amazing, but a good dish with a nice dusting of panko crumbs on top.  The Bacaro burger (with fried egg of course!) was great.  We could have shared another!  Again, the mix of flavors was incredible.  We also tried to cauliflower with a chipotle-aioli marinade, which was surprisingly delicious.

Definitely get the house-made baguette with olive oil for $2!  Warm and crispy baguette accompanied with an olive oil and balsamic vinegar dipping sauce, which also had roasted garlic and sea salt mixed in.  Really good.

For dessert, we shared the chocolate ganache, which was pretty good.  We were kind of stuffed at that point, but we still finished the plate.

All in all, this place was great.  I loved the ambiance and the guys working there are very good with recommendations and have the passion of small business owners.  Will definitely return if I'm in the area!
my parents say you basically pay for the ambiance/atmosphere. the steak here really is tasty though. very juicy and tender. we ordered the filet mignon and prime rib, which were generous sized but also $40 each. i asked for medium cooked and  the middle parts were kind of too red but still good none the less. the plate only consists of the meat tho, so you'd have to order sides to go with your meat. sides area about $10 and are not very big portioned. 

we were there to celebrate both my parents birthdays so our brought out 2 chocolate lava cakes and bday cards! that was very sweet and the cake was delicious!!

the bill was over $100 w/o tip but thanks to my coupon/giftcards, only paid $27 + tip :) not too shabby for 3 ppl!
One word: Chateaubriand.
I doubt I would go again, even though the kale salad and the pre-meal bread with the garlic & olive oil dip were pretty decent.  The reason I was there the other day was for an appreciation luncheon hosted by a volunteer group in which I had participated (so there IS such a thing as a "free lunch!").  The service was good and unobtrusive, but they only validate for their own valet parking service.  I'd pulled up and waited, but since no one came, I pulled into the neighboring lot (it was Sunday, so I was okay), but paid $7.00 due to my inherent impatience.  

My hesitance in coming back lies in that there was little--in decor or menu--to make it truly special.  It seemed just another cookie-cutter "California cuisine" eatery.
Went to Standford mall for the very first time. Looked for a local place to eat cus we were starving. Saw Flemings & noticed it was a steakhouse & Ive been craving steak for the past week. LoL. GREAT special for the price. I believe it was a 3-course meal for $40/person. Bread & cheese platter was AWESOME. Gf definatly loved that. The steak was to die for, by far one of the best steaks I've had. Only down fall was the dessert which consisted of 3 warm cookies & a glass of milk. Would've enjoyed something else to end my wonderful night. Definatly would come back again though. Been craving Flemings ever since we had it. Too bad we dont have one here in Monterey.
Seems like another wanna-be high class chain restaurant. The food here is on the expensive side and it is mediocre relative to similarly priced restaurants else where. This place does have good service and it has a very nice, quiet, relaxing atmosphere. This place is probably perfect for a business lunch or dinner. Definitely not somewhere I would go for the food. 
I had the lamb when I came here. Portion was decent, but lacking a bit on the taste. It was cooked well but slightly under-seasoned. I could say that for most of the dishes my friends got. Nothing that wow us but nothing that would make us complain.
Taking advantage of a gift card given to us for this place for our date night.  Here are the order list:

Vodka Tonic - got charged for Ketel One at $11ea, our server didn't even bother to ask
Mojito $9.95
Rodney Strong Merlot $9
Trefethen Cabernet $15
Caesar Salad  $8.95 - not the worst, but pretty bad
Porterhouse $49.95 - taste just like hubby's grilled steaks
Filet Mignon Bone-In $53.95 - wished that our server had told me the special's price, I was under the impression that its $38 as on the menu. Yes, the server didn't bothered to tell us about any of the special's price for all that matter.
Onion Rings $9.95 - Yummy, nice non-greasy crispy skin and sweet.
Lobster Mash Potato $14.95 - The receipt says Lobster Mac & Cheese, I wonder if it's the same price.  And of course I didn't notice that until now.
Chocolate Lava Cake with Ice Cream $10.95 - Very delicious.

Overall, loved the food, except for the Caesar salad.  The food preparation was spot on.  

The service is a bit lacking.  I mean, Giovanni, our server, could of told us the prices and at least ask if it's ok to get over charged on things.  

I understand that this is a nicer classy steakhouse, but I've been always against on mixing good vodka with other mixers.   

Ambiance  - 4 very nice and romantic setting, but weird choice of music.  They were playing Rock. It didn't really match the venue.  
Sanitation - didn't not visit the bathroom on this visit, but dinning room was nice and neat.
Food - 4 mostly yummy
Service - 3 our server needs to be more informative and not treat his customers as cash cows.
Value - 3.5 a bit pricey on their specials, but top notch quality and freshness.

I tell ya, even with the gift card, we still spent a small fortune, but it was a very good experience for the most part.

Tips on this place:
*Always ask what are the prices on the specials.
*If you want wells or house spirits, make sure you specify.
*Don't order Caesar salad from this place.
*Make sure you check your bill for the correct charges.
*It's a pretty romantic setting, go there on a date.  
*It's pricey, so bring lots of mula.
Unfortunately, this place does NOT remind me of Napa Valley at all. I went to NVG with a friend for the first time for a quick bite and a drink, and I will not be returning. We ordered a few cocktails while waiting for our meal. The Chile Citrus Gimlet was overall unpleasant. Something in it tasted stale - old lime juice perhaps? And their Margarita tasted like straight Margarita mix - no tequila. Our food arrived and I wished I paid more attention to the description of their Beef Sliders. Why do they use SMOKED cheddar cheese FONDUE on the Beef Sliders?! The texture of the fondue was grainy and the smokiness of the cheese overwhelmed and ruined the dish. We tried the Veal Skirt Steak "Souvlaki" Roll as well and the meat was dry and the cucumber yogurt had the texture of cream cheese rather than yogurt. The Napa Chopped Salad was the highlight of our meal. The salad contained delicious ingredients and the sherry vinaigrette was great. However, we should have asked for the dressing on the side because the salad was drenched in dressing. 

On the plus side... parking was easy, our server was kind and quick, and the place was clean and nice.
The owner/proprietor, Jon, read my last review, and has generously reached out to me to change my mind. This stand-out effort alone means a heck of a lot, and that any place can have an off night. I'm giving this location a second chance and will update my review accordingly!
Happy hour goodness! This place is well worth it. 
I came here for a meeting a few weeks ago and it is quite lovely. The panini is wonderful. I wasn't blown away by the burger like a few other folks. The scallops are DELICIOUS! Our server suggested a white wine that perfectly complemented the flavor. And everything was $5 each for happy hour to boot! My kind of prices. 

The area is not that bad. It's mostly family and students. There is usually plenty of parking on the side streets and occasionally in front. The service is good and the atmosphere is laid back. It's just what the USC are was missing. The owner is an alumnus (Fight on!). Bacaro is just what this area needed. I didn't give it the 5th star because I was literally starving when I came for happy hour. I would have eaten my own arm but this food was a much better option. I will definitely go back, though, and I hope it tastes as good as it was the first time.
This was a very interesting little place at Palmer Square in Princeton. I had never been to Princeton before, but what a nice area.  I went end of March

I had a Caesar salad to start and that was really good. Then for my main course I had the seafood risotto. It was excellent. Okay.. So what I like about the seafood risotto, was that the shrimp did not still have the tails on. I know that chefs leave the tails on for better presentation, however - I find it to be a pain to remove the tails. This I know is just a quirk of mine. 

If you are really hungry on Monday nights this place has Pizza and Wine tasting. I wouldn't mind giving that a try some time. 

The only thing that was troubling to me and that made this a 3 star instead of a 4 star restaurant - was the coffee I had afterwards. They brought over a hot cup of water - and proceeded to add a packet of instant coffee. One has to assume that other restaurants may do this instead of brewing fresh coffee - but why do this in front of the customer. I found that a little tacky. 

Definitely would go back again.
Terrible service + Average food = not worth going back ever again.

Their service is among the worst I've witnessed in my life.  The wait staff had a problem with each seating choice I made for happy hour until I just told them to "just pick where you want me to sit."  The craziest part is that they were only at about 50% capacity.  The manager stopped by to thank us for moving, but didn't comp us or send a drink or anything.  Then we waited and waited and waited until someone came by to take our order.  I'm gluten free, so when I asked the waitress what is safe for me to eat, she said "just get some dry lettuce or shrimp."  When I asked if there are any other choices other than those two obvious ones, she responded, " you know, the kitchen is really busy and I just don't feel like getting in their way to ask the chef."  WTF?!  Then I asked to see the manager.  Instead, I had someone in their very very early 20s with tons of acne come wearing a chef coat and tell me that he was the chef and those were the only things that he could pull together for me.  Again, WTF?!  Nobody at my table believed that to be the truth coming from the "chef".  Anyhow, I got four small shrimp for $5 and a handful of dry lettuce for $7.  Seriously not worth it. 

 If you are gluten-free, go somewhere else.  ANYWHERE else.
Small and crowded and had a hard time finding un-shady parking (ended up parking on Hoover/Union where I could see my car from out the window -- although I don't feel like shady parking areas are an uncommon occurrence in this area) but I had a great time! Super close to SC campus, great tapas-style food. There were three of us and in total we ordered 6 small plates and that was more than enough. Service was pretty good too considering there was a pretty intense game going on on TV! 

Favorites: Mac & Cheese (w. bacon), Bacon & Brie (sub. mushrooms for jalepeos) Pizza
Great spot! 

Came here with my friend to celebrate her birthday. Its definitely a pretty small location, but if you get there early your good to go. Seems like pretty much a USC crowd - oh and no valet so make sure you try to find some street parking. 

Chalk boards are on the wall with their menus and drinks. We ordered Sangria and although it came with no fruit (slightly disappointing) it tasted PHENOMINAL! I could have took down another carafe easily! 

We got the baguette to start off which is so reasonably priced at $2. We also ordered the Bacon and Brie grilled pizza and it was BEYOND delish! Perfect mix of everything I would want on a slice! Loved it. We also had some bread pudding a la mode and it was hot like fresh out of the oven and soooo good. 


Really loved this place! Good eats for sure!
We got the memorable night deal - salad, steak, lobster, potatoes, green beans and dessert.  2 for $99 - that's a pretty good deal!

Salad - Pretty good, nothing special but how can you go wrong with bleu cheese and fresh cut of lettuce?

Steak - Perfectly cooked.  Portion wasn't huge.  Probably "just right" for portion control.  (I could have eaten 3x it)

Lobster - Good size, tasty.

Potatoes - Wow, these were good!  No wonder everyone says they're full after this meal.  Super cheesy and rich.

Green Beans - Tasty.

Chocolate Mousse - Too sweet/decadent for me, but it was a nice treat at the end.

Would definitely come back...for the deals.  We came at six and had 2 babies, and it was a great meal.  Will probably try the prime rib special and see if we can find an alternative to HOPR
Since I had a Groupon, decided to have a little date here and when we got there, found out that there was about an one hour wait which genuinely surprised me since it was a weekday and even if the place is small, I didn't think it would be this popping.

For their small plates, they are $7 or they are 3 for $19.  Definitely go for the 3 plates since they really are quite small and you'll want more after your first bite.  We ordered the poached shrimp, pan-seared scallop, and the margherita grilled pizza.  The poached shrimp sits in a citrus chili sauce that's got a good kick.  The scallop was definitely our favorite.  The carrot puree surprised us and the whole dish was made even more savory with the caramelized fennel.  I never knew you could caramelize fennel like that.  You also have the option of adding truffle oil to it for an additional dollar, but we totally forgot about it.  Sad.

The margherita is your traditional pizza with tomato sauce and mozzarella.  The crust is great but what stood out to me was the garlicky tomato sauce.  Would've been better if there were more basil but that's cause I'm a basil fanatic :P

Also ended up ordering a plate of the prosciutto di parma.  Again, I'm a huge fan of prosciutto so I loved it but it did cost me a pretty penny for that additional plate.  You get a bowl of baguettes and some melted butter along with it.

Their wines by the glass are all great.  There are wines from all parts of the world but for me the Podero Sangiovese was my favorite.  Next time, bringing a few more friends to order wine by the bottle!

Service was a bit mixed.  There was a younger server that had this attitude with her but the rest there were great and attentive!  

They do have an happy hour but better get there early for it!  Yes it's pricey if not happy hour and definitely those once in awhile sort of place for me, but I like the whole feel of the place.
I wish I was a wine drinker b/c the place is cool. Very nicely decorated. 

We got there shortly after 5 so we walked right in to get a table. 

Started w/Crostini Got 2 mascarpone, sun-dried tomato tapenade & 1 Fresh ricotta with silan syrup. Didn't really care for the silan syrup but that's a personal preference. 

Pan-seared Scallops with garlic parnship puree CRISPY CAPERS & WHITE TRUFFLE OIL was excellent indeed!! We actually ended up ordering 2. 

The Bacaro Burger made with estancia grass-fed beef & Fried egg was also excellent! But for $5, you can get 2 in & out hamburgers. 

Also got the grilled chicken w/capers & Parmesan risotto. I didn't care for the sauce and the grilled chicken was a little dry. The risotto was excellent though. 

Overall it was all $5 and was good.  But for $5 a piece you could go elsewhere too.
I have been here before, and I have liked it. This last time really was very sad. 

I would like to start by saying that I really like the location, and the patio, and since I'm only 5'6", I don't feel wicked claustrophobic in there with the pipes so low you could knock yourself out if you weren't careful. I like most of the beers they have on tap, and feel comfortable choosing many of the wines knowing odds are in my favor to like them. Later in the night it seems to be cool with the bouncer to bring food in with you too - a tradition I like to have with going to pubs. 

This past time, the waitress seemed like it was the first time she had ever worked a bar. We waited and waited for-ever for her to show, and then she was not incredibly nice when she did. I was hugely disappointed with her. 

When our food finally came - the grilled cheese was a HUGE disappointment, I could make a better sangwich any day of the week. The fries turned up about 20 minutes later, they were cold, but even more disappointing than that, they were UNDERcooked?! After all that waiting? Also they give you like 4.5 fries to a serving. 

The bouncer tried to card me every time I went to smoke a cigarette, which was difficult as I had left my bag with the non-smokers at our table every time, argh... Focus. Meh, I'll probably be back. I just hope it's a better time.
I love this space; the high ceilings and open floor plan are pleasing without feeling cavernous.  Although they have struggled with chefs and menu selections, I feel they are finally hitting their stride.

I hosted clients there today for lunch and everyone was pleased with their menu selections.  I had the Calistoga, a nice combination plate with creamy tomato soup, caesar salad and a rotisserie turkey sandwich.  My clients ordered the St. Helena, another soup, salad and sandwich combo, and the rotisserie turkey sandwich, all were pleased and said they would return.  

For dessert we shared the persimmon bread pudding and chocolate decadence cake, both delicious.  Overall, this is not the best restaurant in Los Angeles, but it is a great selection for the holidays and a business lunch.  The menu features a lot of seasonal produce to put you in the holiday spirit!

Enjoy...
So i've experienced a lot of expensive steak houses, and I can see why Fleming's has the reputation that it does.

I made a reservation a few weeks in advance, and changed my reservation the day of due to some changes in my schedule. When I arrived, they didn't have my reservation on hand and looked concerned, BUT they handled it well and we were seated soon after. Our waitress was very friendly and bubbly, taking our orders and quickly providing us with bread. I'm used to white bread with butter, but this place is extra bougey, serving us sun dried tomato infused butter and champagne infused cheese spread. The spreads were tasty, but I still love simple butter more than these fancy substitutes.

I ended up ordering the petite filet, along with the creamed spinach, chipotle macaroni and cheese, and half and half (onion rings and shoestring fries). The filet was disappointing at first, as I ordered it medium and 1/4 of the steak was stringy AND well done. But as I ventured deeper into the steak, it was cooked perfectly and my tastebuds were pleased. The creamed spinach was AWESOME. Honestly, I think they might have the best creamed spinach I have ever tried in my life. I thought opposite of the macaroni and cheese though. As a macaroni and cheese lover, I thought the flavor was not cheesy enough and the sauce was much too rich (but my date said he LOVED it, so maybe that's just my opinion). I didn't try the onion rings, but the shoestring fries were pretty good and FREAKING tiny. I've never seen a shoestring fry so thin until I came here.

Our waitress asked us early in our meal if we wanted to chocolate lava cake (which takes 15 minutes to cook). I heard the other desserts and this SEEMED like their signature dessert, so I decided to get it. best. choice. ever. EVER.

The chocolate lava cake came out, delicious looking, topped with raspberries, resting next to a hazelnut wafer cookie boat with two scoops of ice cream, served with some sort of homemade cream. I went for the cream first. AHSUDIAHSDIHAS, it honestly tasted like cool whip on CRACK. It was SO DELICIOUS. I honestly could have just eaten that whipped topping as my dessert, it was THAT good. But of course, I had to try the actual lava cake. So I tapped the edge with my spoon, and as it cracked open, chocolate fudgy sauce oozed out all over my plate. It was quite entertaining. And the cake was sosoSOso good. The lava cake, with the oozing warm chocolate, with the cool-whip-on-crack whipped topping, was the PERFECT way to end my meal at Fleming's. So delicious.

So overall, I would have to say that this experience was a very delicious and wonderful one. Impeccable service and freaking DELICIOUS chocolate lava cake, which I will definitely come back for in the near future.

NOTE: If you plan on going here, you will spend a lot of money, so I suggest you make your way to Costco prior to your dinner to purchase some Fleming's giftcards. Why, you ask? Because for only 80 dollars, you can get TWO (yes twoooo) 50 dollar giftcards. That's 20 dollars of savings, making a super expensive meal a little less expensive. :)
I've been going to this restaurant on a regular basis for several years now. And though they began a bit rocky, they hit their stride and have maintained a high level of quality and delight ever since. 

I recently took a friend out here for her birthday, and we had an excellent evening. Terrific food, beverages, atmosphere and service. 

The food is inventive and delicious. (I especially love their hamburger.) Their mix of small and large plates means that I get to try a lot of dishes but that I don't go away hungry.  

And even though I am a total wine nerd, I completely enjoy their cocktails. I think their margaritas are one of the most enjoyable and original in all of Carrboro/Chapel Hill.
Bacaro is small, a little hard to miss. Its worth finding though (: I've been here a couple times and always get the Bacaro Burger ... soo good. Its always cooked exactly how I wanted it. The other food I've had there is also delicious, including the desserts! There's a great selection of wine and beer, and the staff usually gives very good recommendations. Its not cheap, but I think its a pretty fair price. They have a good happy hour, $5 a plate.

The reason I can't give it 5 stars is because of the service... last time I went we didn't get our menus until we were just sitting there for about 15 minutes.. and there were only 2 other parties! It also took them a while to get our order... The other times I've been the service was slow too. That's really the only thing I think they need to work on though.
Ignore any reviews that are over 6 months old because the chef has changed since then. Chef Eli is incredibly talented and is taking ENO in new directions. I went last week and tried their pork belly and a dish of lobster "noodles". They've also got a bar menu with a number of items including fritto misto which is a longtime favorite, and (you guessed it) a burger. You really can't beat the wine list here. Check it out.
This place is awesome! When I went for the first time, it was in between birthdays of my friend and I. We had a $25 gift certificate that did NOT exclude alcohol. We met the chef and several of the wait staff that would come by our table periodically to talk and it was like one big party sometimes laughing and carrying on. When the manager came by a second time, It was to bring us each a pretty gold box and a card. To our pleasant surprise, it was four huge chocolate covered strawberries and a birthday card with another $25 gift certificate. 

Every time I come here I'm treated like a VIP. They have great food, great service, and lots of different get togethers like, a supper bowl menu, Indie 500 menu, valentine's day, Mothers day, or when they have a new spring menu.  Get on their email list!
I cannot get enough of this place. I've been back from college for 2 weeks, and I've already gone twice. First of all, the bread is to die for and they always give me an extra loaf to take home. I always order the caesar salad and it's amazing. Then, for my main course, I get the bone-in filet (it's not on the menu) and the parmesan mashed potatoes. Hands down the best meal I've ever had! The steaks are cooked simply and only garnished with salt and pepper. I like it this way, but you can always ask for other garnishes or sauces. 

Also, PRIME RIB SUNDAY!!! The best deal on the planet! 1 salad, 1 side, 1 gigantic slab of prime rib and 1 delicious desert for $35 (and $30 on some sundays)!!!! I'm going to Fleming's tonight!

The steaks are pricey ($40-$50) but the salads, starters and desserts are well priced.

ENJOY!
Tuesday night.  Party of 15.  Yes, we had reservations.  For a Tuesday night, the place was busy.  We were seated right away and they were attentive.  We brought our own wine so we paid the $20 corkage fee per bottle.  Chef Taylor Boudreaux came out and we asked him to make us a special antipasto plate for us so he whipped up prosciutto, Italian buffalo to die for mozzarella with pesto, figs, roasted tomatoes, homemade pickles, and olives.  It was the best antipasto plate I have ever had.  DELICIOUS.  That was nice of him.  I had butter salad, crab cakes, short ribs, and the strawberry tart. (That's a lot of food... we shared.)  I am very bias to the crab cakes at the Eastern Market in Washington D.C. and frankly haven't had anything better or close to it from the coast to coast... except for TB's crab cakes.  The short ribs without a doubt was tender, juicy, flavorful, and no bone.  Perfect. I tried my friend's Loup de Mer- a little crispy on the outside, skin and bone in... perfect seasoning.  Great atmosphere, service, and food.  Thanks Chef Taylor!
A couple weeks ago I went to a Yelp elite event and a fellow attendee (Beth H) told me that her favorite restaurant in Ann Arbor is Vinology. It just so happened that I was going to attend a surprise birthday party at VInology a week later. A week has gone by and I would like to say that I am a fan of Vinology. 

The place is definitely fancy. A good place to go on a date or a work meeting, I saw a bunch of guys working on something. Watch out if you are sitting by the walls, you might end up hitting your head of their wall displays. 

We started off with wine, Cascinetta Vietti, moscato d'asti. It was amazing. I want an entire crate for myself! 

I ordered the half size of the  SCALLOPS AND SHRIMP (kataifi wrapped shrimp \ seared sea scallops \ herb linguine \ tomato fondue \ saffron cream) 20
For the half size you get a pretty big scallop and a shrimp over some noodles, veggies, and half a tomato. Everything blended well together and surprisingly the veggies were really tasty. The tomato had a funky taste to it. I think they infused it with wine or it was old? I am not sure, it just didn't taste right. If you are not planning on ordering dessert or is a big eater go for the full size. 

I would give this place 5 stars but the ladies restroom was inhabited by flies. They were hanging out on the toilet seat when I opened the door. It was a bit gross.  One bathroom for women's and one for men's. Spacious. 

Despite the flies and the funky tomato I would come back. The food is good or I'll just come back for the wine.
I thought Princeton was kinda boring before walking into this joint, thanks to the reviews.  Really enjoyed the Allagash White on tap.  The bartender was awesome and kept the patrons happy.

We came in looking to be seated but found the company at the bar much more interesting!
Dinner was excellent!  I had the Loup de Mer with ponzu sauce, which just melts in your mouth, and it went perfectly with the glass of St. Supery sauvignon blanc that was recommended.  We finished with the Chocolate Peanut Butter Brownie that was just so divine.  The staff was very attentive without being pushy, and the ambiance was nice; I'll definitely be returning.
I ate lunch there by myself this past Friday. I finally happened to be in Princeton, and I had been waiting for years to have a meal there when I had a reason to be in town. I have a a soft spot for this place because I used to love the sister restaurant in New Brunswick that burnt down in 2004. I ordered an asparagas salad with fennel shavings and an olive oil and limoncello dressing that was absolutely to die for, and simple enough that I will probably make it at home. My waiter was very friendly and courteous, which I especially appreciated since I was eating alone. Besides the salad, I ordered a lunch portion of penne arabiatta, which was every bit as delicious as the same dish I once had at a trattoria in Rome. In fact this may have even been superior. Even though I don't eat meat, I really like that Theresa's and the restaurant group Terra Mommo in general, are responsible enough to offer free range meats on their menus. Great service, delicious food, a perfect experience.
I was in La Jolla on business and had a craving for good steak. Since I was alone, I opted to sit at the bar. By the time I made my way there, it was around 8:45pm on a Thursday and the majority of the happy hour crowd had dispersed and I was easily able to grab a seat at the bar. The atmosphere was upscale yet relaxed and the bar crowd was mostly business professionals. Their wine list overall wasn't anything to write home about but they managed to have a few surprise glasses such as The Prisoner by Orin Swift and a Cabernet from Hall Rutherford. At this point, my expectations were very high...

Unfortunately, the remainder of my meal was not as pleasing. While the bread was delicious, I could have done without their parmesan crust. I ordered their filet mignon and asked that it be cooked 'medium' with some pink and to ensure that it wasn't bleeding. When it arrived, it looked like it had been cooked well but upon slicing through it, I found an uncooked piece of meat. Dissatisfied, I had the bartender return it to the kitchen. The second time around, the meat came out more similar to the way I enjoyed it. Unfortunately, the cut of meat was not up to my expectations for filet. It had some fat and alone did not have very much flavor. Comparatively, I dined at The Palm earlier in the week, and the filet was superb with incredible flavor. 

Had I not been traveling on business (and the bill being picked up by my employer), I would have been very upset at the $62 (before tip) I just dropped. Even though I didn't pay for it, I'm still disappointed that I didn't get the perfect, simple steak meal I was hoping for after working 15 hours! Overall, the service was decent but nothing to write home about and I'll seriously consider dining elsewhere in the future.
Great for chilling out on the patio on a hot day...food is meh.
After living in Ithaca for almost two decades, new restaurants come and go. But I had heard good things about Mercato so went with my husband around 8:00 p.m. on a Friday night. 

Although packed, there was one two seater left. The noise level was really loud, and I had to lean in to hear my husband but the table was too big. Small stuff. The decor and vibe = good.

(Oh, and the waitress had no personality.)

However, the menu is great - really varied and creative. And the food was delicious. The portions aren't that big, but we split an appetizer and left sated...and not in that gross, guilty over eating way, but truly sated. 

I'll definitely go back.
The food really was not that great, but it was definitely a nice, clean place. The soft lighting was nice, and it seems like a good place to go on a date. The food, however, was disappointing. I had seafood and my clams were gritty. While not terrible, the food wasn't memorable either. Worth a try, I suppose, but definitely will not be making it a regular.
My sweetie took me to dinner the Saturday before Valentines Day. The experience was lovely and the food delicious. First we got a cozy booth at the back of the restaurant (bonus) and our waiter was clearly juggling a full load of tables but was very attentive was eager to please us. 

Small plate scallops - yummy and perfect for me!
Bone-in rib eye for my man - the juiciest and largest ever -have a picture -will try to post:)

However, the best ever--- the creme brle came with a fluffy sweet cream on the side and frankly my fianc and I should have had our own instead of sharing- it disappeared in two minutes flat...

Overall, our evening was simply divine!
A friend of mine forwarded an email about a sparkling wine they feature called "The Black Chook".  Being that I'm a champagne-lover, I had to try it!  The 'chook' was great, as promised...and so were the Bacaro burger and cauliflower dish I had.  And, the Monday night prices - 1/2 price glasses and $5 menu items 5-7p- made it that much better!  Cannot wait to go back and try more menu items (all sound fantastic!).  Can't say enough about the place - easy parking, attentive service, delicious food, reasonable prices, pleasant atmosphere....okay, I'll stop.  Check it out, you wont be sorry!
Another great meal at Napa Valley Grille...

Warm brussel sprout salad - can't go wrong whenever you add panceta

Pan seared scallops - four HUGE scallops with yummy sweet potato purree (intentional extra "r")

Pear in puff pastry - a whole poached pear wrapped (like a mummy) in puff pastry with cinnamon ice cream.

Great service as well!!!
I am pleasantly surprised by this little space near USC. As a Trojan I constantly mourn the limited options we have around campus for high quality cuisine, but Bacaro offers just what we need. Nice range of tapas options from American classics such as mac and cheese to more adventurous, "trendy" dishes such as roasted bone marrow and fried pig ears. All of the food was great and the portion size just right for tapas (they are not miniscule so you do get full).

In terms of decor, the ceiling with the wine bottles was cute and creative. The chalkboard drinks menu gives it a college bar vibe. But it's more than just your average college bar---the food here is WAY more amazing than normal fries and onion rings. 

Will definitely come back for happy hour and try their sangria :)
I feel a little less.. legit giving this place a 5 star rating even though I've only been to their happy hour.  I went back and forth between giving Flemings a 4 & 5 star rating.  But their happy hour rocks & completely worthy of its 5 star rating.  I've been here a few times, and the quality has been consistently awesome.  The happy hour wines are so good (I feel like cheap-er happy hour wine choices are usually pretty meh), the service is good, and the food is great.  

My favorite item was the beef carpaccio (raw beef.. do u dare? ;) you should, because it is sooooooo good).  The carpaccio comes with some real savory bread.. they don't skimp at all here.  The burger is substantial.. and the calamari is one of those standard calamari dishes with sweet chili sauce but it is probably my favorite because - it isn't overly breaded or overly sauced, and it comes with these peppers that gave it a perfect oomph.  The bbq shrimp is worth a try, and I enjoyed it enough but I don't feel compelled to order it again.  Trying it once was satisfying for me!

I think their menu probably changes every so often, but I will keep comin back.  & perhaps actually come here for a real meal someday, haha.
Yawn!  We went here before the Fox for some quick pick ups and a good glass of wine.  While the wine was certainly good, it was wayyy over priced.  It was certainly not a fifteen dollar glass of wine.  Also, the food was horrible.  We had some prawns which were soaked in a bland cream sauce that tasted horrible.  We also had a pizza that was dry as a bone and overcooked.  I tried the seafood salad which was a fried bunch of mess.  The seafood was over-fried and dried out.  It was way too greasy and it just did not taste good.  The best part of the meal was the bread that was provided free of charge.  The service was horrible too.  We had three different waiters come and take our orders and half of them got it wrong.  Just skip this place!
Shay's is a great place for getting drunk on a sunny afternoon. Get a table outside, order a few Hoegaarden's, and sip them with your friends while watching people walk by on the street (but be warned: getting a table on a sunny day can be a real ordeal). The food is not bad either: I had one of their sandwiches, which came with pretty good fries, and I wasn't disappointed. Fun times!...
One of our party arrived early and was seated, the rest arrived ten minutes later and the reservation was removed from the electronic system so it showed that we did not have one, so we it was suggested that we walk to Enoteca down the street ti see if our party was their! Well she wasn't and she called and wondered where we were, we explained and she said she's been at Eno the entire time, so we walked back.

They did apologize and said the employee is new and was from another country (I don't get that part or its relevance) but none the less they did apologize and I'm happy.

Appetizers were over the top creative and small, Chicken and Dumplings were interesting but did not work we couldn't finish them. The meat plate was good but not enough meat. The plate was huge and took up the entire table so the portions looked painfully small. The gnocchi was excellent the best app of them all.

2 of us had the Thai pepper steak and it was excellent, I had the pasta with sausage it was very good.  The wine great don't remember the name.

The manager walked around the restaurant and asked everyone how was everything but not our table interesting........

Overall I'm going to give this place another try, I really like the atmosphere and the server was very polite and accommodating.
We had a very nice lunch here just before Christmas 2010.   My grilled cheese sandwich with tomato fondue was delicious!  I would definitely go back.
So... this used to be like, my favorite restaurant, but the other day I went back and it just wasn't the same.

First off, the margherita pizza looked and tasted like a regular old cheese pizza. Maybe I'm being a princess, but I expect margherita pizzas to have dollops of fresh mozzarella and some basil on top. This was really just kind of disappointing.

The burger has also progressively gotten less and less amazing. It's still good, don't get me wrong, but it's no longer my favorite burger in LA. They used to use a thicker slice of brioche bread and firm heirloom tomatoes. I also think it's gotten smaller and smaller, or maybe my appetite has just gotten bigger and bigger.

The cauliflower that used to be SO amazing is now only alright. I ordered it the other day and there wasn't nearly as much sauce as before, and it didn't have as much of a kick to it as it used to. 

The bread pudding, however, is still the best ever :-9
Excellent ambiece, proper lighting, wonderful seating, a cut above most
local Steakhouses.  After you step inside, you can't realize you're
anywhere near Stanford Shopping Center.  Clever and well planned
Happy Hour, the Sirloin Burger is a dinner itself for $6, the rest of the dishes are delicious especially the Barbecued Prawns.
Uhh who wouldn't come here for Fleming's $6 Happy Hour Burger? Nope, definitely not the best burger I've had but, for $6, I'm a fan.

We ordered the Burger, Calamari and Carpaccio to go along with the Tropical Martini and the Shock Top. The Burger was juicy and cooked right, definitely the favorite and we would come back for just that. Great value for what you're getting. The Calamari was decent. I thought the breading was a bit heavy but, the sauce it comes with is good. Least favorite was the Carpaccio. Probably not the place for it as the beef was sliced pretty thick and we were given only a few slices of baguette so, it made it really hard to eat. 

Overall, pretty good deal. The Tropical Martini was heavy (at least for me) and the Shock Top was satisfying. If I had to choose a restaurant in the Hyatt vicinity, it would definitely be Flemings over Trulucks for happy hour.
IWent here on a Sunday night to take advantage of the Groupon deal and was very pleasantly surprised! I've been on a hunt for an LA equivalent to my beloved Twisted Vine in Fullerton and I think this place might be it. I'll have to go back on another night and see how packed it gets since I went on a Sunday and got seated right away. I'll also have to go back with a bigger group so I can try more of their dishes. The prices were very affordable, service was great, wine was awesome.. I'll definitely be back! 

MUST TRY:
The bacaro burger with fried egg and the scallops dish was phenomenal! Both dishes had very unique sauces which I thought was the key to the deliciousness. 

AVOID:
Hanger steak and white pizza. Hanger steak just tasted like olive oil and the white pizza was way too salty.
First, I should preface this by saying that I am not averse to paying good money for good food.  I spend a lot on food overall because I care about cooking with quality ingredients and often opt for local vendors even if the price is higher.  That said, this is not an issue of price, but more an issue of a low perceived value of my lunch at this place.  It came highly recommended, so I tried it today.  I ordered the pizza ($16) that was on their specials menu for the day....chopped plum tomatos, fresh oregano, kalamata olives, red pepper flakes and fresh mozzarella.  Sounds great until you get the pizza and taste nothing but tomatoes and lots of pepper.  I counted a total of NINE anemic olive SLICES on my pizza, so I'm guessing a total of 2.5 olives were used in the making.  There were six small diced pieces of fresh mozzarella, and no visible fresh oregano.  I tasted oregano, but I'm guessing it was of the dried variety...ridiculous to use dried oregano in the middle of summer!  In any case, not only have I had better pizza many times, I make better pizza at home.  I think they really missed an opportunity with the subpar food.  The more I eat out in Princeton, the more I want to go elsewhere.  Another example of a place that is overpriced, mediocre with the food, and absolutely  packed because of the prime location.  I will save my lunch money next time.
My bf and I had a fabulous time at Bacaro last Saturday evening.  We got there around 7 and were the first people there.  It slowly started getting packed and by the time we left around 9, all the tables were taken up.  Keep in mind, there are only about 10 tables, and they each seat rougly 4 people but a lot of couples come in so it's 2 to a table which leaves little room left.  

ANYWAYS - our experience was thoroughly enjoyable.  We ordered 2 bottles of red wine and a bunch of food.  We had the scallops (a little too undercooked for my liking but I still gobbled it up), the panini with gruyere and tomatoes, and pesto basil (SO SO SO GOOD), 4 different cheeses which came with regular bread and then this yummy cranberry bread, the artichokes (delicious!), amd the bruschetta (a little too oily, I didn't eat this).  They have a great deal where you can order 3 dishes for $19.  By themselves, it's $7.  They serve it tapas style, which is awesome!

It's located by USC, but the neighborhood is a teeny bit sketchy for my taste.  I am told that they do have parking in the back but I'm not sure how big the lot is since we took the bus there.

The prices were great.  I think most of their bottles ranged from $25-$60, all afforable.  I got sooooooo wasted! 

We are definitely going back.
I've come to Fleming's on several occasions for dinner and it has always been good as far as service, ambience, & meal quality have been concerned.  Better than the other steak places of that caliber? Not really.  For dinner alone, I'd say 4 stars & pick this location if it happens to be convenient.  However for Happy Hour - ALL FIVE STARS!   

This is a fantastic happy hour choice!  They offer a 5 for $6 until 7pm menu that features 5 different cocktails, 5 wines by the glass and 5 appetizers for $6 each.  They also offer a Prime Burger (with cheese & bacon)  for $6 and 2 pints of Shock Top Wheat IPA for $6.   I'm not wowed by the wine choices, but the cocktail & appetizer selections have something for everyone.   I recommend the Tickled Pink cocktail (Belvedere Vodka, Prosecco, OJ & raspberries -- and 99 calories!) and was impressed by the sweet chile calamari and the mushroom ravioli.   My favorite would have to be the Wicked Cajun Barbecue Shrimp though.  All the appetizers are large enough to share and still make a meal.  

The bar area is nothing special.  It's pretty sparse and bland, but its a UTC Steak House, what do you really want?  It was fairly empty around 5 and started to get packed with people around 6:15.  And here's a tip, ladies: If you sit at the bar, look for the candles.  At every spot where there is a candle, there is a purse hook below the bar just for you!  

I'd also suggest this Happy Hour as a meeting spot  if you are going to a movie at the La Jolla AMC, it's just a roll down Nobel & great start to the evening.
Came here two times in two weeks.  Below are a list of things we had.

-bone-in ribeye
-bone in filet mignon
-prime rib
-fleming's salad
-chipotle mac
-creamed spinach
-fleming's potatoes
-sauteed french green beans
-sauteed asparagus
-chocolate lava cake
-carrot cake
-creme brulee

The meats were absolutely amazing.  They only serve USDA prime, so it's the top 3% in the nation (so I was told).  Both times, my meats were served to my specification.  They were flavorful and had a melt-in-your-mouth texture.  The salads and sides (which are for sharing) were nicely prepared as they have a different twist to them, but are very tasty.  The chocolate lava cake was served w/vanilla ice cream in a pistachio cookie bowl.  Just like heaven.  The carrot cake was way too sweet, I only had a bite.  The creme brulee (vanilla bean) was flavorful, smooth and had a perfect carmelized top.  I'm already planning my next trip here.  Fleming's is about my favorite steak restaurant in the bay area.

Also, the service was wonderful both times.  The servers were very attentive and made certain I had  a pleasant dining experience.
Happy hour here is awesome!! Just have to battle it out for a place to sit to enjoy that amazing $6 burger.
Went with a group of 8 a couple months ago. Overall everyone loved their food. Margherita pizza was good as was one of the white pizzas. The pork belly was a bit burnt tasting but I think that was the intention. Had the fried cheese with marinara and that was good. Server could have been more friendly. Ice cream was just ok and overpriced for what it was. We were't impressed with our desserts. Pricey but the ingredients are good. May try one more time
They have a great happy hour.  What a deal!!!  The regular menu is also delicious...but the happy hour menu is a serious bargain!  

I really loved the olives, fig with proscuitto, and mozarello and fried calamari.  The bar area is  comfortable with a decent flat screen.  The service is solid.
I love it here! It's a must try place. Great selection of wine and beer. Their housemade Sangrias were freaking good, I was literally downing my cup of sangria, it tasted like juice!

Must try tapas:
Pig ears, beet salad, steak, clams, and their polenta eggplant.. amazing.
I've eaten here twice while passing through Princeton and don't really understand the raves. Food was ok, but not great. I'm not planning on a return visit.
Mediocre food for brunch.  One of my friends enjoyed his meal, but the rest of us felt the food was ill prepared (the menu was bad, the cooks prepared the food OK).

However, the campagne and sparkling wine options are excellent and service very good.  

If I go back, I will stick to simple options such as yogurt and fruit (and champagne, of course).
I have to admit, I loved the decor of this restaurant.  It was beautiful.  From the bathrooms, to the paintings on the wall..can't think of anything I would change about that.  Service however, I could go on about for quite sometime.  The fact that they upsell upsell upsell annoys the crap out of me.  Then they pretend to be sincere about it.  Boo.  We had the filet and ribeye, filet- tender and delicious, ribeye- a bit more fatty than what I am used to.  Why is there a need to get the food out so stinkin' hot that you burn a hole in your tongue when biting into a mushroom?  That is one thing I don't get.  The plates will leave you third degree burns too.  Beware! :)  Overall I give the place 3 stars.  The service needs attention, especially when it comes to taking care of the guest.  You CAN be at the table too much, and Yes, it does bother the guest when your server can only think about is- how much money can I make on one table...The place is a good mid-level restaurant, but when I left, the only thing we could think about is- Okay, but not worth the price.
I would like to start by saying, I would actually give this place a 3.5 if they let me, but since they don't, I am leaning downwards. If I go back, maybe my mind will change. 

I want to start by saying I hate where this place is located and the lack of parking, but there's nothing they can do about it now. I love the wine store component of the venue and find the interior decor to be almost perfect. The outside patio and entrance, kind of are to generic considering what you get inside.  The hostess was very nice, and though I arrived ahead of my party was happy to seat me. The waiter, well, I think he was annoyed that I was alone at first and just was kind of like "what do you want". Once my friends arrived service was better, but I was a little off put at first. 

I ordered a glass of prosecco, my favorite sparkling wine, and the one on the menu did not disappoint. My group ordered some sangria which was well done, but I thought the $20 price tag was a little steep, especially because the pitcher looked barely half full. Which is where I feel like one star is removed.

Dinner was a lot of different small plates. The cheese was good and well chosen. The pumpkin risotto I had was also very good and a good sized portion. Again, I felt as if the price was a $1 or $2 high. Other things that were ordered were the mini burgers and mini lobster rolls (so yummy). Dessert for me was a pumpkin dacoise pastry, which is meringue and pumpkin mousse, which I found very very good. I believe the 5 of us racked up around $150.00 for a bill, and $45 of that was alcohol. 

I would say I'd come back, i would like to, but it would only be a seasonal kind of thing because of the prices, but it was more than a good job.
I decided to try Fleming's for my birthday after reading such great reviews on here and I have to say I was definitely not disappointed.  I was able to make a reservation online for our party of six and our table was ready and waiting as soon as we arrived. From the moment we walked in, the staff greeted us with a friendly smile which made us feel welcome. Our server (whom I unfortunately can't remember his name) was very nice, helpful and even tried out some Spanish on my grandmother. 

Now on to the food.  I had the porcini rubbed filet mignon and it just melted in my mouth- cooked perfectly! Also had just the right amount of sauce on it. As a side, my sister and I shared the chipotle cheddar mac & cheese since it sounded interesting. Not spicy at all, but had just enough zing to it that we both really enjoyed it. Everyone enjoyed their meal. And as the birthday girl, I got the chocolate lava cake for dessert on the house.  Loved it! Chocolate oozing from the moist chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and chantilly cream on the side.  And if you're a martini lover, you have to try the Fleming's Classic martini. It was mixed perfectly- so smooth. I rarely find a place with a martini this good.

Overall, I really enjoyed it. Yes it's on the pricey side, but when you feel like splurging a bit on a nice dinner, Fleming's is the place to go.
For their prices, I've certainly experienced better.

Their service is crap.  Seriously, I've never been at a place that has such bored, lazy, and pathetic servers.  Maybe it was the two times I went, but they are inattentive, very impatient, and seemed unhappy that we were there.  I don't think I'll ever be going back.

If there is anything that is worth it, it'd be their happy hour menu (excluding their terrible Happy Hour wines).  They do have a decent wine list though.
Manager greeted us and asked us about wines after ordering we waited a bit for the appetizer for 30 minutes.  
The restaurant decor is bare concrete and urban.  
We went using a groupon dinner for 2 for $35.  Our appetizer was very tasty but it took forever to get it.  Later our entrees where served but it took another 45 minutes-1hr to get the meals and they were not very hot.  The waitress mentioned that their kitchen was very busy that nite but I think their expedition of the meals was not going well.  The actual entree had a pork belly that had the best flavors but again the food was not at the correct temperature and the time between service was very lengthy.  
Dessert was decent showing but the appetizer was the best.  Our dinner experience took 2 hr 45 minutes which was a due more to waiting than eating.  When I asked to speak to the manager the female server said she was one of them.  I made the complaint of the lengthy wait and she stated that they were sorry but she didn't really do much to convince us to return.  Now it makes sense that they closed down.  Likely because they did a poor job expediting.  The experience wouldn't have been worth it if we had to pay more money so lucky we were using groupon.  I would have been much more angry.
BEST steak I'v ever had!  This place a little pricey but its worth it.

Went there on Sunday June 3rd my friend's birthday.  Had bone-in filet and it was perfectly cooked, very juicy and flavorful.  We also ordered the flemmings jalapeos potatoes and asparagus, those were very good as well.  

Great customer service as wel: at the end of our meal they gave my friend a gift card for free appetizer for the next visit.  

I love steaks and have eaten at my famous places but I definitely rank Flemmings on top of my list!
I love Toast! so much
Great wine, food and bartenders.
Best date spot ever.

(b)
i don't know why i keep forgetting about shay's. i really shouldn't. 

there's this really awesome waitress there named amy. she's super friendly, and remembers everyone's name.

food is standard bar fare, but i love the outdoor seating and drinks are reasonably priced. 

no more forgetting!
Good HH spot! A bit of advice - arrive early or be prepared to wait!

They have 6 drinks and 6 food items for $6 each. It's a pretty sweet deal considering how expensive this place during non-HH times. The drinks were ok...nothing too memorable. The food was very good. My favorites were the baked brie and also the carpaccio.

The nice thing about this HH is that's it's daily! So if you're our shopping on the weekend, this is a good place to grab a drink and bite to eat!
This is a Happy Hour review.

Palomino's was too packed, so my friend and I found this place for an alternate happy hour.

Their HH beer selection was poor.  Budweiser, etc.  The menu on the outside wall had Sam Adams, which would've been acceptable, but the waitress said that menu was out of date.  I ended up going with the pomegranate mojito, but Palomino's cranberry mojito is bigger, tastier, and cheaper.

For food, we got the spicy calamari, blue cheese-stuffed dates wrapped with prosciutto, and garlic herb fries.  These were all really good, imo.  I liked the calamari better than Palomino's as it had a nice peppery kick, and there were also fried olives tossed in there as well, which were delicious.  The garlic herb fries were fine, but my friend said they could've used more garlic.  The prosciutto-cheese-dates were also pretty good.  I love cheese stuffed dates.

So good food, meh drinks for happy hour.  More room than Palomino's.  Three 1/2 stars.
Food is good, but what stuck out to me was that their staff was AMAZING.

I had a waitress with an adorable accent. I ordered a filet mignon medium-rare and as soon as I cut into it, she saw that it was cooked medium and almost freaked out. She apologized, rather profusely, and immediately went to the chef and brought me another, cooked perfectly and deliciously medium-rare and offered me dessert on the house. I'd never seen a waiter/waitress so concerned about a customer's food, which was a really pleasant surprise.
We have been here twice. Both times, we had salads and pizza. The first time, we recalled really liking the pizza and thinking that the salads were fine.  The pizza reminded us of the thin crust we ate in Siena. This last time, the pizza crust was burnt. Some people may like that, but it overpowered the other flavors. The salads were tiny and the chicken had no flavor at all. The restaurant feels very cosmopolitan and the wait-staff is professional.  The wait for a table can be extremely long.
went with my 3 son in laws very nice place, good food, great service
Flemings Steak House is a great place to have a private party. Private room was wonderful, food delicious, service super and planning and coordination with Summer Waller was perfect. We celebrated my mother in law's 90th birthday party there. Now we're looking for another exuse to host an event there.
Came to the place for lunch with a friend, and we got seated promptly around 12:40. 

For appetizer we had Antipasto Misto, with a nice variety of olives, Salame, prosciutto, cheese, and jam. The portion was bigger than we expected, so we were almost full after eating this platter. 

For entrees we shared two pizzas:  Fico  (ricotta, calimyrna fig marmalade,organic smoked bacon, brie), and Chorizo (ground plum tomatoes, organic brown egg, bell peppers,smoked mozzarella). 

The two pizzas actually go very well together. Chorizo is strong, smoky in taste and juicy in texture. Fico is a bit sweet, so you don't get bored eating just one kind of pizza. 

We were too full to have dessert, so we will leave that to next time:chocolate hazelnut pizza..
My boyfriend got a gift certificate from American Express to check this place out. We went thinking it wouldn't be too busy (recession?) but boy were we wrong! It'd be an hour or so before we could be seated :( Luckily we found a spot on the bar, which I didn't mind at all (the bf did - he wanted ambiance, oh well). 

The rosemary bread was fresh and served with 2 different spreads: a cheesy one and a sundried tomato butter one. Both were fantastic. I ordered the Peppercorn steak with no sides (sides are extra? man - this place is $$$$$$$$ but it ended up coming with some yummy veggies) and it was seriously good. Can't expect any less from a Steakhouse, amirite?! There wasn't an overwhelming amount of pepper and the steak sauce was yummy. 

Of course for dessert we got the Chocolate Lava cake. Presentation was superb and it was ooey gooey delicious with a side of ice cream!
Happy hour?  Make that happy hours!  (Plural.)

Happy hour specials at Napa Valley Grille run from 3pm-7pm and then AGAIN from 9pm-midnight.  Or try having Sunday Funday happy hour here from 3pm-11pm.  (I plan on taking advantage of this on their patio once temperatures get above 80 degrees.)

Tacos and sliders start at $2.50, wine and cocktails go from $5-$8.  I've tried their fish taco (three bites of tasty goodness), mac n' cheese (not the best but pretty solid for $4 of carbs covered in cheese and topped with bread crumbs) and garlic fries (baseball stadium style).

$20 got me well-fed on three plates of food and two cocktails.

I used to work with a client who had monthly lunch meetings in one of the private rooms.  The prix fixe lunch menu was always pretty solid.

Their wait staff is always friendly and attentive.

Parking situation: $4 valet or metered street parking available.
I'm somewhat of a failed Korean.  Exhibit A: I don't play Starcraft.  Exhibit B: I can't drink for shit.  In light of Exhibit B, one might ask why I frequent Bacaro LA, a wine bar, for their monthly all-you-can-eat/all-you-can-drink Beefsteak Sundays.

The answer: what I lack in drinking ability I make up for in stomach capacity.  $25 for unlimited hangar steak, potatoes, and bread is a great deal in its own right. 

The food on the regular menu is also quite tasty.  The Bacaro Burger, Crostini, and Nutella Panino are solid food choices.  Despite not being capable of drinking, I WILL sneak an occasional glass of Moscato here and there.  I'm a little perplexed by the large variances in portion sizes, though; $7 can either buy you three measly scallops or a four-slice pizza topped with bacon bits and brie.  It's also somewhat overpriced for what you get.  Still, I have a soft spot in my heart for this place since I spent much of my last year at USC unwinding here.

In a magical world where Yelp believed in half star ratings, I would give this place 3.5 stars.  Since that's not the case, I'm giving Bacaro the honorary half star of nepotism solely because the owners are USC alum.  Fight On!
I love steak and I've been to a lot of steak houses and this place wasn't the best I've had. I went here for Valentine's Day one year and they sat us in a corner table (not ver romantic). The place is nice and it has a more modern atmosphere compared to other steak houses. The steak was good, but not the best I had. Our service was good but we forgot to bring cash for the valet and they wouldn't let us charge it on our bill so our server busted out his wallet in the middle of the restaurant and gave us money to pay the valet, but we had to make it up to him in the tip. Very embarassing! Anyways, overall, this place was good but not the best.
UPDATE: Went back last night for a late dinner/drinks with a friend. I had the same sparkling peach martini I had last time. However, this time, it was served looking more like a tropical drink with a straw. ?? It felt more like Trader Vic's than a high-end steakhouse.

I had the spinach-portabello salad and seared ahi tuna appetizer. The salad was tasty, the right balance of sweet and savory, with the pancetta and goat cheese crouton. I could have done without the red onions though. 

The ahi was "special". You could tell it had been frozen, but it was okay at first. I wish there was something to balance out the wasabi dressing they offered with it. Eating it was okay, but getting the runs from it the next morning was just downright horrible. 
Yeah. 
Something was just NOT RIGHT with the tuna.

Note to self again: Don't come back and if you do, DON'T get seafood.

UGH!
====================================================
Went for after-work drinks here the other night.

The door was opened for us as we walked up to the place. Almost scared the hell out of me, but there was a lovely hostess holding the door open and welcomed us in.

It amazes me when I enter a restaurant that once was another establishment and then realize how much the place has changed. Fleming's is located in the same space that once was the pseudo-Italian restaurant, Piatti's.
The place has been transformed into a modern version of Morton's,sans emerald green carpet and images of stodgy old men toting cigars. The bar area is nicely laid out and this is where O and I parked ourselves for a few hours.

The cocktail and wine menus are impressive. They offer unique variations on traditional drinks. Bar service was pretty good and friendly, although they were a bit inconsistent with taking our order. O would have ordered her drink and they would go off to make it, whilst I sat around waiting to order mine. Not a big deal, but it would have been nice to be able to order simultaneously.

O has a dirty martini, I have a sparkling peach martini. Both were poured generously. 

So here's where it goes slightly off...and it's not entirely Fleming's fault. Note to self: don't go to a steakhouse with a lactose intolerant, no carb-eating seafood lover. 
There were some pretty decent appetizer options and ones I would have tried, if O would eat mushrooms (the mushroom steak frites looked good). So we compromise and get lobster tempura, wicked BBq shrimp, and crab cakes. The crab cakes and shrimp were pretty good, but not my favorites overall. The lobster tempura was HUGE. I turned around to see what they were serving us next and all I could see out of the corner of my eye was a massive pile of lobster tails and fried tempura batter. It was too much.. of everything. We couldn't finish the lobster tempura since it was so oily and heavy. Although, it did get us a lot of attention at the bar, with people looking over and asking what we had.

Another cocktail later and time to digest and we were ready to go, but I ended up leaving with a friendly buzz and stomach pains. I think it was the lobster.

Service was overall friendly and hospitable. At one point, O's coat falls on the floor and immediately, someone comes over and offers to put it in the coatcheck and gives her a ticket to pick it up.

I'd go back and try something more conventional and less greasy  and I hope it wouldn't keep me up like it did that night. 

Oy.
9 years we have been coming to this restaurant and we can understand off nights but I have to say that the last 6 visits over the last 2 months have resulted in our decision not to spend over $100 per visit here again.  I suggest staying away until the management realizes that at $35 a plate people care about clean glasses, correct orders, properly trained servers basically everything that justifies the prices they charge....  Shame on you Flemings. You used to care about the people you served...
EXCELLENT SERVICE, SUPERLATIVE FOOD. A nice change from student-oriented businesses in Westwood.  Loved Loup de Mer, Duck, Carrot-Ginger soup, Kale salad
I love this place!! I have traveled around the world, literally, and I am always in search of the new "Find".  A great place with amazing food, great people at a good value.  Bacaro L.A. is my new favorite find. 

Out of the path of areas i usually go, I was lucky to find this place. It is like a little piece of the West Village, NYC transplanted in SoCal.  It is cool, urban, hip and has a great vibe for a date or gathering of friends or family.  

After the first time, i must have called all my friends and told them we MUST try this new place. The food is beyond some of the most delicious and innovative food i have ever had without being complicated.  The Chef just knows how to make the flavors come alive. 

I would put this meal up against any 5 star restaurant in town.  The flavors just keep unfolding in your mouth.  This Chef is going to be one of the Chefs to look out for.  From the amazing burger to the cauliflower (and i usually hate cauliflower) to all the dishes... i had to try several because they were all so good. Bacaro is near perfect.

The service was great too.  Our waiter was informative, knew the food, recommended a great wine with it and was not pushy or assuming.  

A very comfortable atmosphere.  I hope they open another one closer to my area in Miracle Mile or Santa Monica. I would love to have this as a local place.  It would be my new hangout.

I took my first friend there and he loved it then i took another friend and my mom there and they all raved about it.  

I am telling you, this is the real deal.  Go bring your friends and you will be the hero.

It is not expensive and you get a quality meal, a cool relaxed time and you get to have fun with your friends.  

Bacaro I will be back again soon

B
I love happy hour at Napa Valley Grille.  Love love loooove the kobe corn dogs.  An order comes with 5 pieces, and just for $4! The arugula salad, slider, fries, and grille pizette are also delectable.  Wasn't impressed with either of the tacos.  I've love to try the mac and cheese, but am afraid I'll get addicted.  Also I appreciate the crowd - mostly professionals-older crowd.

I've been here twice for happy hour and will definitely return soon!
Sigh. This is probably only the second or third time I've been to Napa Valley Grille. All I can say is over priced, slow service and sad main course. 

We went for LA Restaurant week during lunch and chose to get the 3 course menu for 28 beans. Not bad for amazing food, right? Only if you expect to get 2 out of 3 to be good. 

Item 1 - butternut squash soup, and . :P, or something like this. This was really good. Wow, I can't wait to taste the main course

Item 2 -  lamb stroganoff. No no no flavor. This is so weird. This has plenty of juicy, fatty sauce, but has no flavor. Why is this pork so fatt?. Why am I eating this and gaining weight even though it doesn't have any flavor? Next

Item 3 - cornbread pudding with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream on top. This was good. However, I had to woof it down because it took them over 1 hour to bring all the courses. it's lunch time guys. Speed it up

I would have given them 4 stars and forgiven them for the 1 lack luster item out of the 3, but had to bump it down because of the slow service and disappointing main course. It's the main course guys, get it right. I didn't even have any salt at my table to give it flavor.
The last stop on my Tria Train, I can now say I've been to all of them.  This location is fairly close to my workplace, so I walked over.  I don't usually walk on Walnut St. so I rarely pass by this spot.  But I walked in and was fairly surprised at how small the place is.  It has a dark, warm and cozy feeling to it though.

I was in a party of four, and there's not really many seats to begin with.  It's hard trying to talk along the wall or bar with everyone sitting next to each other.  There's one big table but it seats ten people or so only.  Love the hooks underneath the tables, hate the stools.

We started with the Tria meat plate and the fresh mozz crema crostini.  The meat plate was tasty.  Well I love prosciutto to begin with so I was happy that it was on the platter but the bread and mustard and oil were great too.  I was surprised that I enjoyed the crostini since I don't like basil pesto but it balanced well with the tomatoes.

We always order the truffled mushroom crostini at Tria and this time around it had more flavor (it seemed like they used a different bread/toast but the pieces looked smaller).

The butternut squash was not bad, overly sweet but the tartness of the cheese helped.

The least favorites of the night were the bean spread and the prosciutto and fig panino.  The bean spread tasted like salsa con queso.  The fig in the panino was super sweet and overbearing in the sandwich.

Overall, still a great time.  3.5 stars.
HAPPY HOUR ONLY.

JF and I wanted to try something new for HH. Fleming's piqued our interest: 5 for $6 till 7. 

AMBIANCE: SUPER dim inside-- they're going for a swanky upscale vibe, which probably works in the dining room, but definitely not at the uber crowded bar. It took forever for us to snag a seat, and when we did it was a single stool. Who knew it could be so happenin' at Stanford Mall?

SERVICE: Close to none. I think there were 3-4 bartenders working the HH crowd-- all of them looked overworked, but the bartender who happened to be stationed in front of us seemed the most harried. He forgot items that we had ordered and was almost impossible to flag down. 

FOOD:
- Pomtini - super fruity, barely any vodka. I wouldn't order this again
- Calamari - drenched in a weird sweet/sour sauce. Totally soggy and rubbery.
- Mushroom Ravioli - 3 baby fist sized raviolis. Taste was fine, but not worth $6 IMO.
- Seared Ahi Tuna - tuna was definitely NOT fresh. Paired with a weird brown wasabi sauce. 
- Fleming's Prime Burger - Your choice of bleu, chedder or swiss cheese. Burger was well seasoned and nice and juicy. Shoestring fries were SOGGY and not very good (we ate them all anyway). 

OVERALL: The only thing that was worth $6 was the cheeseburger. Everything else was bleh, borderline gross. I'd come back for the BURGER only, and try out the onion rings before ordering the fries again. Wouldn't recommend Fleming's to friends for HH-- go to PAMPAS instead.
Last night we attended the opening night of this Italian wine bar.  While it might not be the ideal night to base a rating on I can already tell this place is going to be a winner and one I plan to frequent often.  With veteran sommelier Santos Uy (AOC/Silverlake Wine/Nunchux) at the helm, the place was packed with a line out-the-door.  Despite the (friendly) crowd, the drink flowed freely.  The small plates didn't come often enough but what we tasted showed care and expertise in the kitchen especially for an opening night.  We were duly impressed.  One wall of the restaurant is entirely a blackboard that lists the available wines and small plates.  A review of the wine prices on the website showed a large selection of red and white wines and a few sparkling ones at  reasonable prices.   This place is a sure hit on many levels and I can't wait to go back.
This place is outstanding, and is most likely the best place to eat in Blacksburg.

Anyways, so I was attending a business conference at VT for the week (with my attractive, flirty female coworker of course - I try to take her everywhere). 

The first thing I notice is the mix-and-match 4 course meal for $30! You get to pick swordfish, snapper, pork loin, ribeye, or whatever the menu has that day, and match it with any soup you want, some scallops or a salad, and have your choice of desert. You get a LOT of great food (the taste and aesthetics are both excellent) for what I consider to be a reasonable price for a 4-course meal. There's also your typical burgers and whatnot served here as well, which were also good.  From the dining area you can also see into the beautiful mountain scenery and watch the sunset.

My coworker and I shared a bottle of Gehrwurtstresomething Riesling (the wine and beer menu is massive, with many local flavors), which got us pretty buzzed, and all the better because our company is paying for the entire trip!

However, the best part was our waitress, Harmony. She was just "WOW."  Some servers just give your service, but Harmony was outstanding. This girl must really enjoy her job because I have never seen a waitress so friendly, funny and personable.  We actually came back a second night that week, and she sat down at our table with us and talked about what bars she goes to and how much she likes dubstep and how her Robert Miles CDs were stolen (I love Robert Miles btw). Hell, she flirted with me more than my flirty coworker did. I was about half a glass shy from asking her if she wanted to come back to my hotel room when her shift was over.

Bottom line: come here, eat, be merry, and chat with Harmony. Oh, and the restaurant is actually a haunted house (some lady pushed her sister down the stairs and killed her) which was converted into the restaurant. Awesome.
There is no better watering hole in Harvard Square. Shay's offers great independent music and a great ambience in the evenings. It only serves beer, cider, and wine, but the bartenders are some of the greatest around. It's a small place, so it can get crowded (I prefer it on the off nights.) There is also a patio for summer nights when a beer outside sounds perfect. Serves food, but I can't comment because I prefer to spend my money on good beer.
One of the better pubs I've been to while living around Boston.  Everything I've noticed myself getting annoyed at in other places (too many hipsters, obnoxious drunks, etc) has never been an issue here.  It gets really busy during the summer cause it's the only place in the area with a nice outside patioish deal where you can drink.  Just writing about this puts me in the mood for a hefeweizen.
Food is pretty good, with a decent variety.  Tuesday's is half-off for Poly students which can make it very hectic.  Service can be kind of slow sometimes.
3 star as in OK. Get steaks and wines by the glass here. The sides are fair and the apps are just ok. The bread was microwaved to be "hot'. The place closed up like a clam in vinegar at 9:30. Lame. Service wasn't high end.

Fillet w/ Gorgonzola very good. Wines have a great selection by the glass. Service ok. Sides fair. Apps fair. 

This place couldn't compete with say, Alexander's.
Went here this past wknd for a family member's birthday.
We rented out a big section of the restaurant and had the party here.

The menu was pre-set and consisted of an appetizer salad, choice of chicken, salmon, or brisket and for dessert there was sorbet or nutella brownie.  There was also a kids menu (which was great since we had lots of little kiddies at our party).

The salad which everyone got... would've been a LOT better if it was not drenched in the dressing. I thought it was just mine that turned out that way but everyone else seemed to agree it was way too salty and over-drenched in their vinaigrette. For my main dish, I chose the salmon  which was "OK" I have had better. It was a bit bland... what was good was the spinach it came with... it also came with potatoes which were either over-cooked or just dry, or both- I could not figure out what was really wrong with them so I only took one bit and was done with.  For dessert, I decided to go with the nutella brownie. Sounds absolutely amazing, right? Wrong! It was dry!! For me, I like moist brownies, this was nothing like it. 

Great service & cute restaurant. Can't say I will go back for the food tho.
I had a great time either way since I was with great company so the experience here was not a bad one.

FYI: There is street parking with 2 hr limit or valet for $4
You really can't go wrong with the food at Teresa's. It is my favorite place in downtown Princeton and if I could afford it, I would be there every week. Their Monday Night Pizza-e-Vino is definitely worth a try. It's a five course meal that includes 3 courses of entree pizza (2 slices per course) and each course is paired with a wine. The whole shebang is only $30. Every week is different so if you're an Italian pizza fan, I would say GO every week. Usually the whole party has to do the deal, but if it's later in the evening they might help you out. This is one of two things that they take reservations for. They also take reservations for brunch. 
One negative is that I have almost always had to wait over 30 minutes but the food is always worth the wait. Hostess is excellent. Wait staff is a friendly bunch!
I found this place during a work visit to NJ.  I had one free evening and wanted to experience some East Coast Italian food (I'm from CA).  I took a train to Princeton and inquired in the Princeton Gift Shop (the only thing open at 8pm on a Wednesday night) where to get good Italian.  The lady's reply was somewhat sinister to a stranger of the area: "go down this road, turn right at the next street, cross the road at this lampost and look for the alley; walk down the alley and you'll find Teresa's".  I was pretty sure I was being set up for something, but I'm glad I took her advice - Teresa's did not dissapoint.

I was seated right away and brought a collection of delicious breads with olive oil.  The waiter was very patient and helpful with me, taking time to explain the menu selections and a wine pairing for my selection.

I ordered a seafood risotto and it made me actually moan out loud with each bite.  Heavenly.  The portion was perfectly sized and I left there quite full.  The prices may have been a little high for me if it were a regular night out, but considering I'll probably never be back to Princeton again, it was well worth the cost, and it was within my company's meal expense guideline so I can't complain.

Teresa's definitely made a memorable impression on me!
Bread and spreads were very tasty.

Lobster tail tempura and dip was very tasty, but too salty.

Caesar salad was a sensible portion size for one person, but overpriced for that size.

Bone-in rib-eye was cooked perfectly, and very tasty, but again too salty (I like my steak salty, but this was excessive).

Double-cut fries were super-thin and therefore went chewy/soggy long before we finished them. We long for the day this fashion for excessively thin fries ends. And - you guessed it - the fries were too salty.

The onion rings were too large, which means that the onion was undercooked and had no caramelization. Onion rings this size also require an industrial-strength coating because of the steam generated by the fat strip of onion inside; that coating is bready and unappealing. This "bigger is better" trend for onion rings is another one of those fashion-driven things we wish would go away.

We got a selection of sauces with the steak. The house specialty "76" sauce was excellent, kind of a fusion of steak sauce and barbecue sauce, slightly sweet, tangy, with a nice little chile kick. The peppercorn sauce was watery and lacked peppercorn bite. The Bearnaise was gloppy and lacked character. The Madeira was dull. Bottom line: just stick to the "76".

The wines we had were OK, nothing special for the price.

Service was pleasant, but our server was overloaded, which led to a refill of sparkling water arriving way too long after we needed it (did I mention how salty the food was?) Food came out very promptly.

The place is very noisy - we had to lean across the table and raise our voices to make ourselves heard. Definitely not the spot for a romantic liaison...

Overall, this was an OK steakhouse meal that did not live up to the premium price. There are better options out there. We might go back, but it's far from top of our list.
I hosted a dinner party for 70 here this past weekend. I've been planning for a year, and this weekend went off without a hitch. Thanks to Shannon at Napa Valley Grille for putting together a wonderful experience for my guests.

Shannon was able to create exactly the atmosphere I envisioned, cater to every need (including audio-visual), and even accommodated my insistence on wild mushroom soup rather than carrot soup to please my picky party.

The menu offered choices of starters, with delectable salads and the mushroom soup (which was worth standing my ground for). Then we had barramundi, tenderloin, pasta, or chicken entrees, followed by a choice of sorbet, key lime pie or chocolate decadence cake.

The food was fantastic. The meats were cooked perfectly and my fish was excellent (10 times better than the barramundi I had the night before at the Hyatt). The wines were superb at $32/bottle.

Along with this great menu came a kids menu with equally appealing items for the younger set. Everyone was so pleased.

Most of all, the staff was absolutely fantastic. They seemed to anticipate every need and yet remain unobtrusive in a packed party room.

I highly recommend this restaurant for high-quality service, gourmet dishes, and an intimate setting in which to host a private party.
Napa Valley Grille was a wonderfully delicious and decadent dining experience. For whatever reason I had never ventured inside even though I've lived on the west side of LA for ten years;  I only have myself to blame for missing out on such deliciousness that awaited me. I love the rustic, warm vibe when you walk in for dinner. It really feels like you've escaped LA and somehow appeared in wine country.
I immediately ordered one of their signature holiday cocktails; the pumpkin martini, which was everything I hoped it would be and so much more! Obsessed! (It should be stated that I have a serious addiction to all sweet pumpkiny things and every fall it is my goal to try a new pumpkin concoction.) I will be fantasizing about it for the next few months.
When it came time to ordering, Chef Manuel Ortega (who is amazing!) guided us through the menu and we carefully selected EVERYTHING he recommended!  Michael and I seriously indulged; we ate oysters, vegetarian flatbread, chopped kale salad, grilled shrimp, swordfish, roasted veggies and banana bread pudding. (Major work out sesh took place the next day! Duh) 

Gotta Go!
I love this place.  Best place to have steaks! The bread basket is filling enough with their variety of spreads that having appetizers isn't necessary.  The steak comes out plain and with no sides included, but honestly the steak is so good it doesn't need anything.  But as always, mashed potatoes side order goes exceptionally well with the Filet Mignon!  

It's pretty pricey but it is worth it! I have been back many times. 

Enjoy!
Really nice space, but small - call ahead for big parties. Service was okay - our server seemed a bit peeved throughout the evening. We weren't in a rush, and that's a good thing, because there was another large party there = log jam in the kitchen. 

The beer list was carefully-curated: two abbey ales on tap (Chimay and Affligem) and half a dozen bottles. Out of these I tried three. Skipped the Chimay because I have that pretty frequently. London Porter - a very drinkable stout. Raisin and chocolate overtones, with little aftertaste. Affligem - blonde belgium abbey ale, $4 for an 8-oz glass, bright with lemony overtones. Finally, the Pinkus - a large organic hef from Germany that didn't really do it for me. A little too syrupy with fruity (banana?) overtones. 

Caprese salad was really made special by the tomatoes -- I'm a big tomato fan, and these were the most flavorful and succulent ones you could imagine. The hanger steak was more rare than the medium-rare I requested, but that was just fine because I usually say medium-rare just to avoid truly bloody steak. It was excellent. 

I'd definitely go back. Nice place for a night out. Could be quiet or loud, depending on the crowd.
bombay. awesome food, great wine at good prices. only bad part is wobbly uneven tables make me nervous about tipping and breaking every frigin wine glass on the table and wasting all that wine.
I took my boyfriend there for his birthday and the wine was delicious and the steak was fantastic. Our server was great as well, I told them it was his birthday on the reservation, not really knowing if they would do anything since it's sort of an upscale place but he told him "happy birthday" several times and at the end brought out a free dessert which was a nice surprise.

 I've been here for happy hour as well and really loved that. Their happy hour is super affordable and the food and drink selection is really good for the price. 

As for our dinner, though it was very good, it was just a little bit too expensive for what we got.
I really enjoy Shay's, and it has become one of my favorite places to meet up with friends. I like the wine selection (I don't do beer, but my beer geek friend enjoys their selection on that front). Their veggie burger is great, as are their hand cut fries. It's a nice place to grab a quick bite before heading to the ART or the Brattle. It's also quite nice if you want to stay a while and keep chatting & drinking!

I've never had rude/bad service here. It's definitely been slow when they're crowded (it is kind of amazing how many people can fit in this place). Downsides? It does get crowded fast, and it gets very very loud. The menu selection isn't huge (but it is all good from what I & my friends have had).
I had a terrible experience at Toast after enjoying it several times. The food I was served was inedible (and I have NEVER before sent food back in a restaurant). I was told that they were too busy to make me anything else. So, I ate salad and dessert for dinner. They didn't apologize or try to do anything to make it right. I have contacted them numerous times since then, and despite being told that it was just a "bad night" they have not done anything to make it up to me or to make me willing to return. So disappointing.
Good beer selection, not as vast as I've seen at Sunset in Allston, but good none the less. 
Super friendly people and chill atmosphere when it isn't sardine-packed. 
Yet another spot I wish was certified green! 
Gah.. more bars need to jump on the green restaurant certification bandwagon so that environmentally conscious drinkers can have a place to come and feel good about.
This is a 'looking back' review as I'm new to Yelp.  I found Bacaro when I was looking for a special place that Mary and I hadn't been to for celebrating our then 1 year anniversary of being together.  I also wanted something convenient to the Providence Waterfire event which was also happening that night.  Honestly, we could have ended after leaving Bacaro and felt the night was great.

To begin, Bacaro is situated right on the Providence River which actually is very nice at sunset and even better once the torches are lit for Waterfire.  We were able to get a window seat, all the better as our meal overlapped both.  The waiter was incredible- aside from his enthusiasm he was very versed in all of the dishes and wine pairings.

We started with a wonderful cheese and olive board and pinot grigio that was perfectly chilled.  Mary is a big risotto fan so that was her order, and she was more than satisfied with how it was prepared.  I had the pork chop and mixed vegetables which was equally terrific.  

For anyone thinking of heading there before Waterfire, try a 5:30 or 6:00 booking to give yourself an hour and half or so.  You'll want it to truly enjoy all that they offer. Parking at that time and in that area on the street is usually available, another plus.
I've driven by Bacaro many times and always wanted to stop in and try it.  I finally did.  I liked the casual ambiance.  The service was casual, pleasant, and welcoming, unlike most venues in Los Angeles.  The atmosphere was lively because all of the patrons were relaxed and enjoying themselves in this unpretentious environment.  I tried several of their different red wines by the glass.  I didn't think they were great.  Maybe it was my palate, but I was a little disappointed largely because I felt that it was a bit overpriced.  Given the location and the atmosphere, I was sort of hoping that I could get some wine and light fare for a reasonable price, but they charge 3rd Street prices.  So this is a mixed review.  I  liked the place, but I would probably make an effort to go back sooner if I didn't have to pay so much there.
I'm surprised local bar, you have delicious mac n cheese for only $5 (no panko crust but alas still worth the money) and the delicious napa valley grille fish tacos. I suppose your alcohol happy hour choices are good too; however I'm too cheap to pay for it still ($6-8). I will return and I will enjoy your mac n cheese and fish tacos again.

Remember 9pm-12am, happy hour specials!
In the interest of being fair to this place, I'll give it a passing grade of average.  I wasn't blown away by any means, but I didn't try the food and I was a liiiiiitttttle bit plastered by the time we walked into here.
The decor is very cool, I love wide open ceilings and the steel feeling... they do the "cold" atmosphere without it feeling cold... does that make sense?

The biggest problem I have with this place is the price of the wine bottles.  We spent $36 on one and while it was really good, we walked to the beer store up the street and bought the same bottle for $18.  I guess I don't know b/c I don't buy full bottles that often.... does that seem excessive to anyone else?
I wish I worked in a business that could afford an over 200% markup.  But maybe it's status quo for a restaurant... I guess I don't know.  But I do know that our bill, with tip, was $84... which was two bottles of wine and no food.

I'd like to go back and try the food, once I can cash in on some of my 401K.
Such a total package place: perfect location for dinner before migrating to see Waterfire (and has a parking lot!), warm but spacious dining room, friendly and solid service, reasonable prices, and most importantly, an insanely extensive menu of delicious cicchetti, salumi, and cheeses (not to mention the standard and comprehensive Italian menu).

For 7 people:

Bad: Nothing

OK:
Bread
Foie
Eggplant parm
Cippolini onions

Good:
Speck-wrapped mozzerella
Salumi (no idea what kinds I had though!)
Pork Belly
Pan seared scallops
Eggplant caponata
Chickpea puree
Pizza w/prosciutto and arugula
Pineapple cake/coconut ice cream

Great:
Duck breast on brioche
Wood grilled flatbread w/ chickpea puree
Peach Tart (made to order!)

$ after Tax/Tip: $37 !!! Can you believe it? =) 

I wish Bacaro would give a cue to the Boston Italian restaurants and show them how it  should be done. (Yeah North end, I'm lookin' at you, take some notes!)
Found out about this place through a close friend and enjoy going there for their comedy show on Thursday nights...really funny, quality comedians. Not sure how they can afford to pay them because there's no cover charge and they don't force you to buy drinks but you certainly should if you enjoy the local entertainment! It's like watching Def Comedy Jam in your living room live! I think they have food but not sure. Bartenders & staff are friendly and welcoming!
I've been to Flemmings many times and each time been very happy with the quality of the food as well as the level of service. I feel its well worth the price. The calamari appetizer is one of my favorites. I love their cajun steak. The desserts are wonderful too!
My boyfriend and I came here with a reservation on a Friday night around 6:30.  We were seated right away in the dark downstairs dining room, where the walls are lined with wood, and the wood is lined with wine bottles.  Our seating was comfortable, and not too close to the table next to us (relief).  The restaurant didn't seem incredibly busy - comfortably populated, but a few empty tables scattered around.  You might not even need a reservation.

Our server was very casual, in his dress and demeanor (jeans and black button downs seem to be the uniform).  His interactions with us were a little lax, a little moreso than I expected, given that it's a somewhat pricey joint, but he was knowledgeable and happy to give recommendations, which is always appreciated.

The menu changes daily, so there are no specials.  Everything is a special, in that sense.  The wine list, printed on the back, was absolutely delightful since almost every bottle can be ordered in a taster portion, a half glass, a full glass, or a bottle.  Lovely!  I ordered three tasters throughout the evening, and it was such a fun experience.  We drank white with our appetizers, red for dinner, and sparkling for dessert.  I was never too drunk or too full of wine, the price was great, the taster portions were more generous than I expected, and I got to try five kinds of wine.  Hard to beat.

We had a Montravel from Spain, which my boyfriend loved, and their Riesling, which I loved.  Both wines were flavorful and unique, and it was a truly great experience to have excellent wine again, compared to our usual bottles purchased cheaply from the store.  Our appetizers were the Mac and Cheese (goat cheese, local sausage, and a fried egg in the dish), and the Stuffed Poblano Peppers.  The Mac 'n' Cheese was good, creamy but not too heavy, and the pasta was orzo which was fun.  But the Peppers  - just to die for.  To.  Die.  They had been roasted, it seems, or grilled, and were filled with the most flavorful housemade pork sausage.  We were both bowled over.  If this is on the menu, don't miss it.  Their sausage is the real deal.

Next we got two tasters of red, the Cotes-du-Rhone and something else....also very uniquely flavored and rich wines.  Our entrees were the Suckling Pig and the Hanger Steak.  The steak was my favorite - cooked to a delightful medium rare and served with roasted potatoes and rutabegas, it was simple and unpretentious.  Great beef flavor, nothing too intrusive or unusual.  Just high quality food.  The pig was good as well - the texture was divine, soft and reminiscent of pulled pork only better.  The sweet potato mash alongside was great.  My only complaint was the sauce was, in my opinion, too salty.  Anything it touched became too salty, and the sweet potato mash was needed to cut through that sodium taste.  I think it bothered me more than it bothered my boyfriend.  We absolutely finished both plates, practically licking them clean, but I'd watch out for that sauce if you're sensitive to salt.

For dessert I had a glass of moscato, sweet and lovely, and we split the "peanut butter ice cream sandwich" which seemed more like a peanut butter pie, but who's complaining?  It was very good and a great end to the meal.

All this for about $75.  The way they price their wines makes all the difference, and a great meal instantly becomes much more affordable than you'd expect.  I'd recommend Toast! to anyone, especially wine lovers.  It was such a treat, and didn't break the bank.
Have eaten there many times. Never a problem. Delicious food. One surprise is the steak sandwich available at lunch only - worth trying!
I came here for dinner and enjoyed the food, wine, and service. The highlight dish was the braised wild boar shank. The meat was very tender and flavorful. The polenta was fluffy and creamy, wonderfully absorbing the yummy juices from the shank sitting on top of it. The wine pairings complement the dishes well, and I hear they have weekly wine tastings, which friends have recommended as good value for the varieties of wine you get to try. Parking, however, is always a hassle, especially if there's something going on at the Fox that night. I would park somewhere on Piedmont and walk over instead of paying $10 parking or valet.
Wine tasting: 4 stars
Restaurant: 2 stars

Wine tasting: We sampled 8 different wines that fit into the category "something different" or "out of the box."  Something along those lines.  I was skeptical of the vague theme, but enjoyed all the wines, both white and red.  Each wine had a small plate pairing, all excellent.  At the end of the night, you get a bottle to take home of one of the wines featured that evening.  The only downside being that you can't pick which one.  For $35 I'd also say that this is a tremendous value.  Staff were attentive and knowledgeable.  

Dining experience: Service was some of the worst I have ever had.  Very nice waiter, when he was around, which was very infrequently, especially at the end of our meal as we were waiting for the check.  Come to find out, he had been on a smoke break, and reeked when he finally came back to our table.  Disgusting!  The food?  Bland all around, our party of 3 tried the lamb, the ribs, and the salmon salad.  As for the salmon, it wasn't even cooked properly, as it was way too rubbery for decent salmon.  I always enjoy the edamame appetizer, but that's hard to screw up.  Our Calamari, was okay, not fabulous.  Based on this experience I would not go to, or recommend a meal at Vinology to anyone.

Moral of the story: if you'd like to try out Vinology, check out their wine tastings, where the wine is fabulous and their finest dishes are on display.  If you're just looking for a meal, look elsewhere.  They have the ability to make a great meal, and have an excellent wine list, but their food is so hit and miss (likely more misses than hits) that it's best not to chance it.
Shay's is real neighborhoody in a good way. Its in a basement, small and cozy. Okay, maybe more cramped than cozy. But it has a kind of barebones home-iness that is refreshing in harvard square.

I haven't tried the food, so maybe i'm missing something, but to me this is a good bar and nothing more. I can't imagine getting psyched about coming here. The beer list is okay but not exciting. I don't drink wine, so again, i might be missing something. I like the basement location, but i do not like that there was a spider in a web hanging over my table. 

We were there for an hour and only saw our waitress once, good thing we paid cash, but i wasn't bothered anyway since we weren't buying food and the bar was 3 feet from our table anyway. She seemed nice enough, and i didn't leave grumpy so the service can't have been too bad.

I'd come back here if my friends wanted to go, but i won't go out of my way for it. I don't think there's a TV but I could be wrong about that. Bring your own conversation. Worth a stop at least.
I was *so* excited to go to Toast and had been wanting to go for ages given the breathless reviews I keep reading of it.  

I started with the mac and cheese with pork shank and egg. The egg added nothing to the dish and only aggravated its already runny texture.  For my main course I had a fettucine with chicken and rosemary (I was carb-loading, apparently).  The dish was fine, but had nothing special or memorable about it.  I'm reasonably adept at cooking Italian food and felt that I could have made a comparable or better dish at home.  

The atmosphere is interesting - the bar area downstairs is very hip and fun-looking, while upstairs (where we ate) was very quiet . . . verrrrry quiet.  I could hear everything everyone else was saying. 

Although I feel that I should give Toast! another chance, I am unwilling to do so at the price point.
Went here for a company event.  We spent a huge amount of money and got what we expected.  I was a lil disappointed with the BONE IN FILET, however, everything else was great so much that I can forgive them for that.  I would definitely recommend. We are hoping to get our company holiday party there.  No dress code (although in jeans and tees, we were a lil out of place), decent parking and a great staff (our waitress was excellent, I only wish I had remembered her name)
I don't even like steak very much but this was HANDS DOWN the best steak i've ever eaten. The steaks are aged in an amazing process, and are so flavorful...the spinach side was amazing and the wine list is extensive enough for a napa-lover to be entertained. We had a table and recieved excellent service but I hear bar-seating is great as well.
Awful.

I ordered one of the most expensive burgers of my life... and it was disgusting. It was charred (I ordered it medium rare) and in the shape of a baseball. When I cut it in half, I saw that the meat in the center was not rare, but RAW. ewww.

It also took about 30 minutes for our order to be taken.

The reason I didn't give it only one star is that our table was actually ready when we arrived.
Decided to try this spot as it was near the Shrine for a show we attended on a Friday night.  It is a very small place and we were glad to get there just before 6p as it filled very quickly.  There's only about 10 tables and the waiting masses clog up the place all night long.
The employees there are very friendly and helpful to first time customers.  We ordered the three plate special and the olive/almond starter plate.  I'm not a fan of olives but my girlfriend is and this one was outstanding.  The marinade is laced with chilis and the almonds were a kind I never tried before.  They resembled macadamia more than almond.  Wonderful little dish to activate the appetite.
We had standard fare for the three plates: Bruschetta, Pizza, and Goat cheese with compote.  All three excellent and the brushcetta was a surprise we weren't ready for but delighted in.  They top two large olive oil soaked pieces of baguette, one with cherry tomatoes and fresh basil, the other with roasted garlic pieces.  It was amazing if not a little haphazard trying to get it into our mouths.  I wanted to finish the garlic as I'm an addict but my girl didn't want me to sweat it out during our show! The pizza was very cheesy and the goat cheese was delicious but we wanted more of that than the fruit compote (the cheese was a little bigger than a double stuff oreo cookie).
The wine is the feature of the establishment and I tried a Sangiovese that was fine but not worth a second glass.  My girl tried a white which was recommended and that was fruity but dry and light.  I'm not a wine connoisseur but I do wish they'd carry US wines in addition to the European selections.

Almost a five star experience and will go back as soon as we get around to that area again.
casual spot with gourmet food---the beets, the onion bisque, the elk tenderloin, and the chicken 3 ways were all outstanding. No need to dress up here--if you want good food, and some excellent wines by the glass, go here. (old Baum Vivant location, only now with bar!)
Do not let the shady neighborhood scare you!  In contrast from the trashy littered streets you will park at, this small little almost concealed entrance opens up into a lively trendy wine bar.  Wooden tables, menu written on chalk boards.....you get the picture.

Now, one thing you must participate in if you go to Bacaro: BEEFSTEAK SUNDAY!!!!!  
- Happens every first Sunday of the month at 5:30 and 8PM.
- All you can eat grilled hanger steak, bread, butter, and roasted market potatoes with all you can drink red wine and beer.  (I know I know, almost too good to be true).  The steak, bread, and potatoes come in bite sized pieces, are well-cooked and delicious, and unlimited!
-$25/person, maximum 2 hrs
- You must make a reservation beforehand.  (Make it early bc it's rather a small bar, with very limited seating).  

Our apartment had a great evening here last Sunday, and we all loved everything about this place!  I don't want to keep repeating myself, and I know you don't want to read a long review, so JUST GO HERE!  



P.S. Although I don't agree with this, my roommate would like to tell yelpers that she thought the steak was a bit salty!
My colleagues and I come here all the time. It's an awesome atmosphere with great service. The food is awesome and the drinks are awesome. Great unique place around USC.
3.5 stars.  2.5 stars for the average food we had plus an additional one for the hospitality, rounded up to 4.  I went here last weekend for Teem's birthday dinner.  It's a pretty small place and we had about 20 people so we took up about half of the restaurant, but the owner (a great host) was nice enough to extend their all-you-can-eat and drink special to us on Saturday night, even though it is usually only offered once a month (I believe the first Sunday since they were having it the next day anyway).  The special is $25 and included pieces of steak served on small pieces of bread, roasted potato wedges, one of their wines, one of their beers.  
 
The steak was decent.  I'm not sure if we were ordering too fast or if that is the way they serve it, but it seemed to get more rare with each plate brought out.  I know the birthday boy didn't mind since he eats his steak still moving, but it was a little rare for my taste.  The potatoes were also good, although they were pretty salty.  Maybe to get us to drink more?  But the deal included all-you-can-drink too, so I would think they wouldn't want us to drink more.  Hmmmm...maybe it's just they way they make them.  I didn't try the wine and I'm not sure what kind it was other than red, but some of the people in our group that did have some liked it.  The beer was a called Spaten Oktoberfest and was a tasty German amber beer.  I'm not sure if they usually do it, but for those in our group that wanted something other than alcohol, they hooked us up with pomegranate green tea.  For dessert, we had some of their bread pudding with cranberries, raisins and vanilla bean gelato.  A nice finish.  
 
Overall it was good.  The salt got pretty heavy and I got kind of tired of the steak and potatoes after a while, but wouldn't mind coming back here to try some of their other food.  It seems to be a big USC hangout since the owners went to USC and it is near campus.  They had the game on Saturday night and the other people that were there seemed to be there to watch it.  Oh, and they have parking in the back.  I didn't know that and it took a while to find street parking.
Biba is really just the perfect spot to have a lovely romantic special time with your best friend.  With such crazy schedules as we have, it was a spur of the moment kind of thing - I met my sweetheart at the train and we biked to the place in no time flat.  They have convenient hooks under the big center table that fit a lot of stuff including your helmet and the table is high enough to accommodate large packs.

The beer selection that evening was delicious, and it was also  refreshing to have so many hand-picked delicacies on one page.  Each morsel on the menu was a hit, and there were not going to be any "fillers" or boring choices.  I like that - something special picked out by the restaurant for our enjoyment.  I knew that whatever we chose would be tasty and special.  And there are so many delectable things to choose from, and extremely well-priced.  You can afford to come here.

Also, the hostess couldn't have been sweeter, prettier and better dressed for the night.  She was really elegant and darling and made everything just right.  And the food was delicious.  Flavorful cheeses (I don't even really enjoy cheese as a food, except raw nut cheeses, but this was a real treat), a delicious and well-balanced salad, extra bread... I was happy with the small delicate portions, and my sweetie enjoyed filling up his big savory sandwich and dark Rasputin Stouts.   I enjoyed the drama of the decor of the place, crystal-clear, transparent.  It makes one feel at home and relaxed, but with a bit of luxury and excitement.  And that lighting makes your honey's lips and gleaming eyes look and taste extra-delicious!

I recommend coming here when it is warmer and taking a nice romantic walk along the Schuylkill Trail to get there, or take some time after dinner to relax and smooch along the river.

The people working there made us feel really good and that topped off the whole night.

Oh, one note on the no wi-fi... it's really nice to go somewhere these days and, instead of pushing buttons staring blankly into a dull screen, see people smiling, laughing, drinking and looking into each other's eyes, really communicating, having a great time with each other!
Met a friend here for dinner on Thursday night. We got there before 6 so there was no wait. The service was a little strange and we were seated in the corner, hence 4 stars instead of 5. I got the Penne Pecorino and it was delicious! The portion size seemed appropriate (not overwhelmingly large like chain Italian food) and it was light and filling. I would definitely go back.
This update is specifically for their happy hour. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food. We ordered:

Macaroni & Cheese: Orecchiette pasta with white cheddar cheese, parmesan & gremolata. It had just enough cheesy goodness for my liking. Can't go wrong with cheddar cheese. I would like to add on the short rib next time to see how that tastes!

Heirloom Tomato Pizzette: house made tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, basil. It was just okay for me. I'm not a huge fan of tomatoes, so this could possibly be why. Next time I will try the Grille Pizzette with roasted tomato sauce, smoked mozzarella cheese and sopprasetta salami.

Chimichurri Fries aka garlic herb fries: Delicious! They came over fresh - hot, crispy and flavorful. I didn't really taste much of the herb/chimichurri part, but I did taste the garlic...mmMmm!

Sliders: YUM! My coworker recommended this and he did not let us down. The meat was juicy with robust flavor and the horseradish fondue wasn't too pungent. I would DEFINITELY order these again. 

Fish Tacos: crispy beer battered cod, chipotle aioli, pico de gallo, shredded cabbage. Our waitress wrote down our order wrong, so they gave us the duo fish tacos on the house since they already brought it out. My coworkers said it wasn't great, but couldn't really complain since they were free.

Citrus Squeeze Cocktail: I can't remember exactly what was in it besides vodka and grapefruit juice, but it was pretty refreshing. It was on the sweet side and couldn't taste the alcohol at all. 

Only con was that it was really warm in the bar area because the restaurant faces the sun. Our waitress said the AC was on as much as it could go, but we couldn't feel it at all. People were sweating because of the heat, which isn't really pleasant or "happy"
Went here for a pre-Valentine's celebration and ordered the ribeye steak and it was as amazing as ever!  Super tender, marbled with fat, juicy inside and crusted flavor on the outside- perfect!  I've only gone to two steakhouses, so I can't really compare, but this is by far the winner.  Also ordered garlic sauteed mushrooms- equally tasty as the steak and the special lobster mac 'n cheese- it was just ok, was not worth the $16, could have ordered another mushroom dish!  Tried 2 different red wines, both were wonderful.  Service was great too, though we felt like newbies, not knowing how to react or how to respond to the more upper class service, but we survived!

To end the perfect dinner, we got a complimentary box of truffles, I guess because the waiter knew we were celebrating something.  That closed up the night with a perfect touch!

Can't wait until the next visit!
My wife and her girlfriends met at Vinology for happy hour on a Monday night and were given celebrity treatment by the owner, John.  They enjoyed an impromptu wine lesson and delicious, complimentary cocktails.  The female bartender was knowledgeable and friendly.  The wines were excellent, especially the Cuvee Stephi sparkling wine.  We need to go there more often!
The whole last year I have lived in Menlo, I have been a Pampas groupie- no questions asked.  But when Flemings started doing their 5 for 6 til 7, I figured, what the heck, I'll check it out.  

5 for 6 til 7 consists of 5 wines, 5 cocktails, and 5 appetizers, all costing $6 each until 7pm EVERY night.  (nice that its not just Mon- Fri).  

The appetizers are great!  I would HIGHLY recommend the crab cakes and the beef carpaccio.  There is an awesome Pinot on the wine list, and while I have only tried one of the cocktails, it was also very good.  

I have eaten dinner here before, and was not so impressed, but after the happy hour, I would be more willing to give it a second shot.  

It's not passing Pampas up- but will probably pull me away at least a couple times a month!
We returned to Flemings for Valentines Day holiday dinner since last year was awesome - a great meal in the bar area. 

Unfortunately this year was AWFUL. 

The recommended wines were very good - Markham and 3 Saints pinot.

The wedge salad - not very crisp, more on the wilted side

The main course = Porcini Rubbed Filet ($41.00) prepared medium. The piece was SMALL 3" round x 1.5 " tall and burned, stiff. definitely an old bottom of the barrel piece. The 3 accompanying asparagus spears were thin, charred, again bottom of the barrel. The meat was sent back. On the second round, the filet was acceptably large, but prepared rare and cold raw inside (yuck!). No comment on the asparagus. It was sent back. Round 3 was finally a good size piece, cook correctly to medium, but still tough - low grade filet. I am shock the price was $41.00! 

The side baked potato was very average, burned on the outside.

The bartender Chaz was very accommodating as well as the manager. A Lava cake was sent as a "we're sorry" gift. It arrived and was far from expectation - it was cold and no "lava". 

Chaz profusely apologized and offered us a glass or Port - very nice touch.

I realize Valentines Day is a big Dinner out night, but an upscale place should not try to overload a dining room and try to serve more people than humanly possible. We were served low grade food that must have sat around in the kitchen for hours. I think the hope was that "someone would eat this" and not complain. Quality control was lost.

I have have at least 3 or 4 business dinners at Flemings and the quality of food was wonderful. So why such a disaster???

In summary we were very disappointed in the quality of food.  We were however happy that Chaz and the manager apologized and did not charge us.  We did give Chaz a fair tip.

Conclusion make dinner at home.
The Brie and bacon pizza is YUMMYYYYYY
So are the scallops, and the Bacaro burger!!

The waiters are super friendly and down-to-earth, and they gave us complementary bread pudding and champagne samples (Their jasmin and citrus white wine is really really good, btw!).

My tummy hurt after though, I think it was the bread pudding.. :(
It's like a little slice of San Francisco dining heaven in a bizarre part of LA.
This is a gem!  Hidden away in a little neighborhood near USC, this wine bar offers a sophisticated selection of wine, beers, and small savory dishes.  It is an excellent place to bring friends and co-workers and they have a great happy-hour!  The inside is small and funky, but it really has a great atmosphere.  Well worth visiting!
Used to love this place, but the last couple of times the music was so loud that conversation was impossible. We had to leave for Casablanca after one drink.
Shay's and Charlie's are easily the best Harvard Square has to offer. What Shay's lacks in hard liquor and mixed drinks, they make up for in decent pub food. Try the turkey sandwich, which is one of the best you'll find anywhere. Since they don't serve the hard stuff, they make up for it with a beer and wine selection that offers plenty of variety and definitely appeals to the more refined boozehound. And if you've got friends that smoke, they'll love you for bringing them here when they take their drinks out on the patio.

Insider tip: No one cares which restroom you walk into. Just pee and be done with it, instead of dancing around like a schmuck outside of the opposing gender's identical restroom.
I always forget there's a Fleming's in UTC! I love their wine selection and the fact that they serve chips at the bar - - gotta love that!

Always a great steak and service is top notch.
dark, dank and dreary.....did anyone sing that as a kid?

This place is supposed to bring the sexy back to old school dim lit dining with steaks and cigars and the old boys club. 

However, the light as the end of the tunnel is the sweet happy hour deals.

Cocktails, wines, apps and an awesome prime burger are 6 bucks until 7PM. Amazing deal. Stop in for a quick after work drink and a solid gourmet burger and leave stuffed in the stomach and wallet.
A foofy Westwood restaurant! Not really a casual grab a bite to eat type restaurant. Noodle Planet is just around the corner!

Very nice atmosphere, we were seating next to the fireplace. Service was fairly prompt. Bread magically appeared and water filled my glass. I got the lamb. Doesn't look that great, but the meat was very well cooked - tender and juicy without being too raw or overdone. Other than the meat though, the rest of my dish was ehhh. Grits and a blob of greens swimming in a not-very-subtle sauce. Oh well, I still ate it.

Big selection of drinks too!
$25 for AYCE Beefsteak and roasted potatoes plus AYCD Wine/beer.  Needless to say, my friends and I majorly pigged out and were a little more than tipsy when we left.  The beefsteak came out on some very crusty crostini with a side of roasted potatoes. Steak was between rare and medium.

The food was good and for what we paid, it was well worth it.  What stood out the most was the wine and the service.  We sampled both the red and the white wines available that night and both were very good. So good in fact the one of my friends bought a bottle to take back!

Both of the owners were there that night and were fantastic.  They answered all our questions and even brought out plates of sourdough for our friend who was vegetarian (she was there for the wine).

Definitely check it out if you haven't already.  I can't wait to go back and try their regular menu next time!
Great food and wine selection.  It was a lot louder than expected for a wine bar - but it was still amazing!  The place is relatively small but that's part of what makes this place great.
I went back to Fleming's after a friend invited me to dinner.  My opinion of the place hasn't changed, but I do have a gripe...  They have a pretty large wine list and we planned on ordering a bottle of wine.  Two out of the three bottles on their list was no longer available.

Apparently, it hasn't been available for a couple of months.  Um... why keep it on the list?  

That's not to say that we didn't have other choices, but let's face it:  I wasn't prepared to spend over $200 for a bottle that evening.  It was just dinner; we weren't celebrating anything momentous.
This was so cool! I was in a tough spot... I had to find a place to take my lovely wife for New Years. So, I called Vinny at Vinology. His menu was spectacular and he squeezed us in on New Years Eve! 

Thanks, Vinny. I won't forget it!!!
This place gets 3.5 stars for food and 4 stars for service.
Came here for late happy hour one night with some friends. I had the short rib slider and mac and cheese. It was pretty good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I'm sitting here trying to remember what it tasted like because it was just last week, but can't remember. My friend ordered the kobe hot dogs and fries. Kobe hotdogs were small and so cute. Their garlic fries were quite tasty! The waitress was pretty nice, came back quite a few times to check on us. But she didn't notice that we needed drink refills.
Overall, I think i would come back for more happy hour!!
Yummy food, great outdoor seating, the oysters were a bit fishy, but the other small plates were amazing. The special beets and blueberries salad was out of this world - imagine the two together it's difficult I know but then when you taste it, wow, what a wonderful experience for my tastebuds!  I especiallly enjoyed the fried donuts with an orange glaze for desert. I need to go back and try more on the menu!
I was at 622 North on a recent Saturday night with three other people. When we arrived around 7:20 there was a sign on the door that said they would be closing at 8pm for a private party. We decided to pop in and see if they would still seat us and they were extremely accommodating. There was still a 25 minute wait though so we went into the bar side to have a drink. Although the bar is now smoke free it still reeks of previous smoke. However, we found a table and proceeded to order drinks. After waiting for a little while the hostess actually come into the bar and found us to tell us our table was ready.

Our waitress was extremely helpful and friendly. I wish I could remember her name, but I'm drawing a blank at the moment. We ordered the charcuterie and daily cheese plate to start which were both delicious. The dish that I personally had was the Portobello Brie Sandwich with french fries. The bread that the sandwich came on was fabulous, I only wish that there was a little more brie to go with all the portobello!  The fries are actually seasoned fries which was a nice surprise as well. Other dishes that my party ordered were the Roast Pepper Alfredo, which I thought had a good flavor, but it seemed a little dry, and the 622 House Salad. The salad was beautiful, but the lime-cilantro dressing stole the show. It was amazing! We also got the Sausage Pizza for the table to try. I didn't personally have a slice, but there was so much gooey cheese that the others seemed to enjoy.

The patrons were definitely more of the local, Blacksburg type, not many students at all, which was nice. However, the bar side did seem to have more students/younger crowd. I've read some of the other reviews that said the restaurant seemed understaffed, but I honestly thought it was maybe slightly overstaffed because I kept looking up and feelings like we were being watched as we ate. But we were also there right before they were going to close and there was only one other table by the time we left.

Would definitely go back as I'm dying to try the Risotto Cakes which I was deciding between when I ordered.
Really good steaks! The atmosphere is really warm, it's all wood paneled and softly lit. They have a number of sides to choose from and a really good dessert sampler platter. I thought the prices were fair for what you got.
Amazing food, love the hamburger tapa with an egg on top!
Food gets 3.5 stars, service on the other hand gets a 1.  Our server Disney gives us a printed bill at 10:01 pm, i have to walk the bill up at 10:33pm to pay.  I think waiting 30+ mins to get your bill taken care of is a tad bit excessive in time, would've been longer if i didnt walk it up.  So after i pay at the front desk i sign a copy and was still nice enough to leave a 15% tip, though it would've been more if it was done in a timely manner.  After i walk out the door she accuses me of taken the copy that i signed, which i did no such thing and i had to go back in and wait for another copy to be signed again.  Clearly the bills are not normally handled at the front desk and someone had swooped the copy i had signed to place it where it needs to be since they have all kinds of workers running around.  Unfortunately this will be my first and last dining experience with the chain of Fleming's Restaurants.
I have been to Bacaro La twice and I love it. I tried it at first with a groupon deal.  The prices thought are extremely reasonable for the small plate size and quality. I have not had a bad experience with any of the food so far. They also have a happy hour from 5-7  on Monday-Thursday where the plates are only $5. The housemade sangria is $14 for a large carafe. 

I have never had a problem finding parking. It is such a small location and off the beaten path but you can usually find street parking. I went with my boyfriend's brothers' fiance and she is a vegetarian. She easily found 4 plate options that we shared. 

I highly recommend going if you like dont mind the small scene setting and are looking for some good food at a nice price, where you don't
 have to pay $20 for parking.
Toast! is an excellent restaurant / Wine bar that opened recently on Baum Blvd.  This new place has a very creative menu, and an excellent and constantly changing wine menu. 

The interior of Toast! is part of what makes it so comfortable.  It has exposed wood beam ceilings that the owner found when he renovated the property. The walls are painted dark red, and there is a very comfortable lounge area to the right of the bar.  There is dinner seating in the back, and additional dinner seating / banquet space upstairs.  Reservations are definitely a good idea, but we haven't had much trouble getting a seat at the bar or lounge area. 

The owner, Paul, always makes a point to get to know all of his guests.  He is a former Big Burrito restaurateur, and he is extremely knowledgeable about the wine and the food on his menu. Every dish and bottle of wine has a story behind it.  If you tell him what you're in the mood for, he is always happy to bring you something to try; there is more than just the menu.

So far, we've been there for drinks / wine and appetizers.  We're going to make a point to go for dinner very soon. 

Food we've tried so far:

-Lamb Ribs: these were incredible. Tremendous.  Just try them. Right up there on the addictiveness scale with Red Room's sliders.

-Vegetarian Caesar salad; not your typical Caesar salad, with nuts and strawberries and bagel chips; very fresh and different

-Black Truffle Beets; local beets with black truffles; very good for a snack while trying the wine

-Potato encrusted tuna wraps. 

If you know a lot about wine, you'll probably have met your match w/ Paul.  We're by no means wine experts, so we've just asked for things as vague as "a red wine that has a lot of body to it", and gotten back a great Syrah. Paul also makes arguably one of the best mohito's in town. Yes, I would actually say that the mohitos here unseat those of Tonic.  

One of the other nice touches that they do also is a give out fresh bread.  They'll walk around occasionally with a basket full of different kinds of warm bread.  And for some reason, the butter they give you is an addictive substance of some kind.  Whatever.  It's good, and I'm not ashamed to go through multiple ramekins of it during the night. Don't judge. 

Even though there's no parking lot, street parking is pretty easy to find on the same side of the street.

And one last thing worth noting.  This place has one of the neatest bathrooms I've ever seen in a restaurant. Go to the bathroom to the right of the bar, in the back. The bathroom is almost shaped like a pie slice, and the sink is a concrete sink shaped like the room on the right hand side.  The sink must be 3 feet wide, and maybe 8" wide. Very different. 

Overall, I gotta say that I'm very impressed with Toast! as you can tell.  It's nice to go somewhere in Pittsburgh that's 

a.) a wine bar
b.) they make a point to know your name and what you like to eat/drink
c.) is fun to hang out in for a long time
I love this place! Great fun atmosphere, great appetizers and really good wines. What more could you want. It seems to be run by some young guys who are very relaxed and fun. Very small place with small little tables, but surprisngly comfortable once you sit down. I didn;t have but saw some great desserts on the table next to us and the people were raving about them. We have been back three times in the last few weeks and I think about it almost everyday. You must try!
Eats: Bacaro Burger with Fried Egg, Roasted Garlic Grilled Pizza, Oven Roasted Bone Marrow, Bacaro Mac and Cheese with Bacon.

I was lucky enough to grab the last table on a Monday night. If that's how it is on Mondays, I see this place easily filled on other nights. The Roasted Garlic Grilled Pizza was the clear winner here. There was a good spice in the sauce which surprised us. A second bite got a bit more spicier, which wasn't bad at all. Good flavor in a flatbread pizza. The Bacaro Burger with Fried Egg was second best. This open faced burger got most of it's flavor from the seasoned medium rare beef. Even the fried egg on top wasn't too necessary, if only to make the open face burger prettier to look at. I'm a typical burger fan so this isn't really a surprise.

The bone marrow and the mac and cheese were a bit of a letdown. The bone marrow was served with 4 pieces of bruschetta bread which to me did not match any of our other tapas dishes in terms of flavor or quantity. It was neat to try once, but I'd probably just grab another burger instead as I would have enjoyed that more. The mac and cheese was not as flavorful as it could have been either even with the truffle help. There's more menu items to choose from which also looked plenty enticing, so just another reason to return.
I used to live on 23rd by Bacaro when they first opened. As a USC graduate, I knew they were catering to my type as the owners were also USC graduates. Let me tell you that everyday after work I would pretty much go for happy hour even when I was unemployed; best way to drown sorrows, you know. I've gotten to know the owners as well as everyone who works there; a couple of whom I was friends with previously. I remember staying past close on regular weekdays and even Beef Steak night. This place has a great, welcoming atmosphere; a place to sit and talk. For all those worried about the surrounding neighborhood, it's really not bad having lived in the area for over 6 years. Let's call it up and coming with all the Figueroa Corridor/USC rebuilding. Like any area, you've just got to be courteous and careful with the neighborhood. Now enough about the background.

The prices aren't too extraordinary as they do cater to professionals, and the alcohol/food they serve is well worth the price. I mean, you can get 3 tapas style plates for $19. Dessert is $5. I have pretty much tried everything, but when I go, I alternate between a few things (Bacaro burger w/ fried egg, rosemary chicken, sliced steak, the panini), but sometimes I can't even decide. They can also help you with that.

Alchol-wise, they have beer and wine. I've heard the owners' (Danny and Santos) stories of traveling to different countries to find wines for Bacaro. Whatever they've recommended, I've liked; my personal preference is syrah/shiraz. I pretty much get Fischer Blonde, which comes in a large "re-sealable" bottle. Gotten several personally in one sitting with friend's having done the same thing.

I really enjoy this place; it may seem biased because I have a good rapport with most of the people that work there, but I get no preferential treatment (except maybe during the yearly anniversaries - they always ask me what's up and what I want immediately. Awesome!). Hit up Beefsteak, which is every first Sunday of the month (5:30 and 8:30 PM), for a great time. Hope you enjoy it as I have.
This place is ok. I was excited to have a nice little joint in the area where I live since there aren't that many nice restaurants around.  The food was good. Not mind blowingly great. There was a red rubberband in our artichokes. We still ate it and just didn't say anything. I think the waiter was nervous after he walked away with it on our plate. We went during happy hour but I would never spend the full price for these plates. The chicken had capers on it and it was super salty and sour! I tasted like they poured some of the caper juice on it.

There were USC students eating at a table and talking and screaming so loud that I couldn't really talk to my boyfriend. Two ladies came in and got sat next to that table and asked to move as they clutched their ears.  The place does have an echo which makes it worse.

Hoped for better but would return only during happy hour or a groupon.  Probably best to go in the off season for USC like in the summer.
Came here for my 2-year anniversary with my girlfriend.  I made a reservation a few days before and received a couple of confirmation e-mails along the way, which was nice.  Street parking can be difficult with all the businesses and apartments in the area, but walking a little isn't too bad.

We came in and were greeted a happy anniversary.  We were then seated and were greeted by our server, Danielle.  When we opened the menu up, there was a nice little customized insert.  Again, such a nice gesture.  We were then given some complimentary champagne along with our drink order.  We just opted for regular iced water instead of the bottled water.  Water is water, right?  Anyway, we were then given some warm parmesan bread with two kinds of spreads.  One was some kind of dried tomato spread and the other one tasted like cheese, which was really good.  We devoured that quickly and were asked if we wanted another loaf.  And I happily said yes.

Ordered the Porcini Rubbed Filet Mignon that comes with some grilled asparagus and a gorgonzola cream sauce.  That was purely amazing.  The girlfriend ordered it medium rare and it came out a bit more on the rare side, but it was just amazing.  I ordered the Prime Ribeye without the bone.  It was a melt-in-your-mouth type of steak.  Although it was a bit more on the fatty side, the steak was pretty good overall.  We were hesitant, but asked for some A1 and their F17 steak sauces.  After using the sauce with one bite, we decided to push the sauces aside.  The steak by itself was full of flavor and delicious, even if it were just seasoned with salt and pepper.  We're here for steaks and not seasoning!

We were then given "homemade" truffles to take home along with a gift card as their way of sending their anniversary greetings, I'm assuming.

Good service and good food.  Our server Danielle always filled us up with water and asked how everything was tasting.  Another gentleman would also come by and ask how we were doing.  I didn't catch his name, but I'm assuming he was the manager.

Next time, I'll definitely come in for their happy hour stuff in the bar area.
My friends planned a dinner here for my birthday, and it was wonderful to say the least. Its located near USC. The area is somewhat of a sketchy area, but the restaurant is far from that. The restaurant seats I want to say 40 people, hole in the wall type of place. Their drink menu is written on chalk board walls that give it a sense of casual bar/ restaurant. The sangria is what their known for, but I didn't see what the big deal was. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but it tasted like all the other sangrias. Their style of serving is tapas, so its good for grabbing a light meal and some drinks. With ordering, we all paired up and ordered the 3 tapas for $21. My friend and I ordered the spicy cauliflower, lamb burger, and their take on the mac n cheese. I don't know what it was but the cauliflower and mac n cheese were to dieee for! So much flavor was infused into making the dishes. As for the lamb, it was good, and full of flavor, but it was a bit too salty for my palette. If you like strong aromas and flavors get the lamb burger, it would be the best fish for you. In terms of dessert, we had the nutella and banana sandwich. Simple and sweet. Overall it was a very pleasant experience, and I would definitely come back here! Enjoy! 

PS: its street parking so you don't need to pay. :)
Originally came here 5 years ago and thought that it was great. Came back a few weeks ago and thought that it was solid but nothing special. The wine pairings were probably the highlight of the experience.
The boyfriend brought me here for happy hour after having the world's worst week. We came on a Tues (yes...I had the world's worst week and it was only Tues...) around 5:30p.m. We sat outside on one of the comfy couches. I had their sangria and he got a margarita. The drink specials are decent. My sangria was $6 and his margarita was $4. The drinks were strong so that was a plus. The happy hour food was great: Garlic Fries: $3, Mac and Cheese: $4, Baja Fish Tacos: $2/each, Giant Chocolate Chip Cookie served warm w/Vanilla Ice Cream: $4. Happy Hour is Mon-Sat 3p.m.-7p.m. and then from 9p.m.-close. Sun it's 3p.m.11p.m.
The service was great and I thought it was all in all a pretty good happy hour for West L.A.
I have to say the co-owner has been very gracious in his rectifying the situation. it is refreshing that an entrepreneur pays attention to his reviews on Yelp. Kudos!
This place has a great ambiance, laid back and approachable staff, and a really cool, eclectic choice of mostly italian wines by the glass or bottle. There are some obscure varietals, but the owner was really helpful in educating us and offering tastes until our table agreed on a delicious Soave. The cheese plate was incredible and we got to choose our own accompaniments. If you're in the USC area, I highly recommend this place!
Great for Happy Hours. I believe the slogan is 5 for 6 til 7, which means something along the lines of 5 choices for 6 bucks until 7 pm. Clever clever.

I recommend going with a group of 5-7, ordering all the appetizers, a cocktail or beer, and then a 6 dollar burger. You wanna get the burger. I think it's normally 12 dollars or so, so you've yourself a flippin deal. literally.

Come EARLY and claim yourself a table because there aren't many and a lot of loners come here to snatch the last table and proceed to wait 45 minutes until their date/friend comes, thereby ruining your opportunity for happy happy hour. Otherwise, I would come saturday or sunday because YES THERE IS HAPPY HOUR ON THE WEEKEND AS WELL and no one really comes those days for happy hour. 

Food quality? It's flemings. 'nough said.
Historic Troy building with a lot of charm inside. Food was delicious and service was great.
Did you know they have a happy hour?! It seems like it's always crowded by the bar during happy hour, but that's because you can get delicious little plates and full glasses of wine, each for less than a gallon of gas. Plus, if there aren't private events at the patio, you can happy hour out there. I went once and met Chris Pine. Yes, the very most delicious Happy Hour there ever was!
We were invited by one of our vendor to here. We have a private room to ourselves. It's sure the place to bring your client or your date to impress.

The decoration is nice and classy. The crowd is pretty quite and nice. 

The service is great. He was very attentive, and my wine glass is always full. I had the sea bass, and the fish is very fresh and cooked just right. 

why isn't it 5 stars? because i wasn't impress enough. It's another "you get what you pay for" kind of restaurant.
I think the reason people are so impressed with this restaurant is because 1) It's in Princeton, and 2) It's one of the least expensive dining options in the area.

I have given this place more than enough tries over the years, but today was my last visit.  The menu never changes (besides meat-centric specials) and the waitstaff act like they could care less if you're there or not.  Service is slow and minimal.

But the #1 reason that I will not be returning is because for the first time I visited the restroom. A restroom is a good reflection of a restaurant because it exhibits whether or not they care as much about what you can't or might not see, as well as what you can.  I expect it to mirror the restaurant's style, as well as being clean and stocked at all times.  Suffice it to say, Teresa's institutional, unkempt, dilapidated restroom did not meet that criteria.
This was our first time at Flemings - and it will NOT be our last.
We had a 8pm reservation - made online - arrived at 7:59 and were promptly seated.
Our waitress - Christie arrived and introduced herself and when we stated that we were here for the Sunday prime rib special - she said that it was sold out - but they would substitute the rib eye dinner at the same price!
We declined pre dinner drinks - asking for water with lemon wedge instead - which was promptly delivered and kept refilled all night.
I ordered the wedge salad and mrs myke ordered the caesar salad (I won in that round) - the steaks were served after a leisurely eating of the salads - along with a HUGE baked potato for mrs myke and a great creamed spinach for me.
For dessert I chose the molten lava cake - and mrs myke had the creme brulee - both of which were excellent!
The service was attentive - prompt and very professional.
I cannot think of any reason NOT to go back again-eh.
Went there for the first time last week and split the appetizer margarita pizza, that was okay (nothing amazing but not bad).  Had a glass of white wine and split the chocolate covered coconut ice cream.
This is about my third time here for their happy hour! Loveee it!  They have a pretty awesome selection of tasty appetizers as well as drinks for $6 each.  This time around we were REALLY wanting to order their seared ahi, but it looks like they substituted that for baked brie with thinly sliced apples and a house salad.  So I tried that instead.  We decided to try everything that we haven't had already, so we also ordered the fried calamari, but with the sauce on the side since it tends to make it soggy, as well as their prime beef bacon cheese burger.  The brie was tasty, but I think I will always prefer it cold with some baguette bread as compared to hot.  They made it as they should--wrapped it in puff pastry, topped with candied walnuts, and an ever slight taste of sweetness via what I believe to be some sort of fruit preserves inside the cheese.  The fried calamari was tasty as well--lightly battered and deep fried and served with a sweet chili sauce.  Usually they serve it sauced, but I prefer to add my own so that it's not soggy by the time it gets to me.  Lastly, we had the prime bacon cheeseburger which in my opinion, is well worthy of a $6 burger.  You get what looks to be a 1/2 pound patty, two generous strips of bacon, cheese, a freshly baked artisan bun, and two fresh onion rings.  WINNN.

I'm slowly working my way around the happy hours in this area, but this place will always be one of my favorites.
I came here for my brother's birthday with my family and a few friends during the Dine About Town deal. Though I do not recall the specific menu, the deal was something along the lines of this: each person gets one appetizer, one main course, and one dessert all for about $60 per person. I got the calamari appetizer and it did not do me wrong! The calamari was crispy and consists of more squid than batter (plus!). I do love my calamari and Fleming's did a good job with theirs seeing that they are a steakhouse. I then got the filet mignon (yum!), the filet mignon was cooked just the way I wanted it (medium). I always say you can determine a good steakhouse based on how they cook their medium to well done. If it is too dry and tough, I'd say that steakhouse is a no no. A good steakhouse should be able to cook a medium to well done steak and still make it delicious - tender, juicy, and flavored! At Fleming's, my medium steak was just that! I seriously wanted another one if I wasn't so full! The filet mignon was not dry and had the right taste - I no longer needed that A1 sauce. Definitely one of the better steaks that I've had. After my amazing steak, came the mini creme bulee trio. I loved their original creme bulee - sweet but not too sweet and crispy on top. The texture was soft and custard-y, not thin at all. The creme bulee did not have a burnt taste either like it can be at other restaurants. However, among the trio, my favorite was the original flavor, I wasn't a fan of the banana and coffee flavored creme bulee. Though those were still good, I wouldn't re-order it just because I like my creme bulee the way it should be. I'd definitely come back here again! What a perfect way to end a day of shopping at Stanford mall with a nice juicy steak!
I love this place. Lovingly prepared, exquisite food and nice, knowledgable servers. It rarely gets better. It's one reason I like visiting Princeton.
I am always impressed when I head here.  The steaks are awesome, service is perfect, and the side dishes are unique and killer.  The desserts do leave some room for improvement, but they are still more than good.  The La Jolla location is one of the better Flemings I've been to and I take folks from out-of-town here when I can.
The first time I ate here, I was prepared to give it a 3 star review, because the food was good, not great, and way overpriced for what it was. The lunch menu is weird, with soup-sandwich-salad combos predetermined and given odd names. I just wasn't that enamored.

And then I went for happy hour. And I've gotta say, I am now a convert. I am happy to go to Napa Valley Grill any day of the week, so long as it is between the hours of 5 and 7. Kickass sangria (8 bucks for a carafe!) and redonkulously tasty calamari, plus a few healthier options on the menu when there's only so much deep fried you can take. Highly recommended happy hour, not so much every other hour...
Full disclosure - our dinner for 2 here was comped so take this as you will.

I was pleasantly surprised by Fleming's, and actually surprised I hadn't heard much about this place before.  I knew that it was a chain, but I had always assumed it was one of those generic steakhouse chains that didn't have much going for it.  Well, I was wrong!

The service was pretty good.  Not the best that I've received, but it was decent for what you'd expect for this caliber (note: pricey) of a restaurant.  

We are not wine people, so we ordered cocktails.  I the tropical martini (delicious!  tasted like candy.  that's a plus for me, don't know about for you), and Amish B. the whiskey rebellion.  His drink came out too limey, and we sent it back.  It came back much much better - it almost seemed like the bartender had forgotten an ingredient the first time, because the drink came back thicker, a different color, and much yummier.  Amish B. also ordered a primo prosecco, which was very good, almost like a muscat.

For appetizers, we got the mushroom ravioli and the crab cakes.  Both were very good and amply portioned.  One slight complaint was the saltiness of the crab cakes.

For entrees, we settled on the porcini filet mignon and the peppercorn steak.  Both delicious!  My biggest pet peeve with steakhouses is that they never cook my steak the right amount.  My steak usually comes overdone, and when I risk sending it back, it usually comes back to me bloody.  Medium, I say!  And Fleming's got it right on the first try.  Scrumptious.  I even had some of the left over peppercorn steak today for lunch, and it was really good (that F17 sauce hits the spot).

For dessert, we had the chocolate lava cake.  Magnificent!  I'm a sucker for lava cakes, and this one hit the spot because it was a rich chocolate cake that came with 2 large scoops of vanilla gelato.  Very nice end to the meal.

Even if this meal were not comped, we would have been happy paying for the quality of the food and drink.  Fleming's is not cheap, mind you, but it's not overly expensive either.  For 3 drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert, the bill came out to ~$160 pretax and tip.  Not terrible, and I definitely suggest the place for a nice occasion.  I might even venture to say that I liked Fleming's better than Alexander's (I don't think Amish B. would agree however - those hamachi shooters have his heart).
Enter a great American experience: the happy hour.  Designed to keep you out of post-work traffic (and thus happy), we have here, Fleming's 5 for $6 menu, which I excitedly tried out.  Note that the bar area of this restaurant carries quite a different atmosphere from the main restaurant - better lit, higher tables, and quite a bit chattier.

I came here with an under-21 friend, so we stuck mostly to the appetizers, which were, for the most part, decent.  Sweet chili calamari (cooked ok, but I was hungry), mushroom ravioli (awesome), tenderloin carpaccio (good, interesting), and the barbeque shrimp (good and heavy).  We also ordered the Fleming's Prime Burger, which disappointingly, came rather late, with some rather lacking condiments and toppings, and was pretty over-cooked.  Medium-rare, did we say?  But there's not a hint of color in this patty!  Anyway.

Fleming's did a decent job in the cooking, but I'm not all that inclined to come back, for the happy hour or for dinner.  I know, the two shouldn't equate the two, but...we all still do.  It just seems like better food, and in slightly bigger portions, awaits right next door at Truluck's, so I'll take my dollars there.
I tried Bacaro again, and this time I got it. Totally and completely and quite happily, too. We came in and our waiter, John, totally swept us off our feet. We started with glorious oysters on the half-shell and a really fabulous bottle of wine. Then, we moved on to the creamy bakala over seared polenta, which was perfection. Up next? The stuffed squash blossoms with marinara and Narragansett Creamery Ricotta... I know, right? How RI-Italian can you get? Needless to say, we were giddy with pleasure. But I haven't even gotten to our entrees yet... or dessert. 

I had the amazing and delectable saffron-scented rice with little necks and chorizo. OMG. OMG. It was like a take on paella, but without the crusty bottom and loads of other meats. It was beyond good - beyond. My companion and dear friend Sarah T had some outrageous pasta dish with truffles and a perfectly fried egg on top, but to be honest I was so involved with my dreamy goodness I can't remember a thing about hers other than that. All I know is this: we were both so happy and overloaded with joy we wanted to make out with our waiter. 

Then he brought out the dessert. 

Sarah was too full, so she left it to me. It was a puff pastry filled with local figs and topped with a melted cheese akin to camembert. Yup. It was a non-sweet lover's dream dessert. Crispy, gooey, sweet and savory. It was genius. Dreamy. 

So, I may have been a little harsh last time. Just a tad. But the service that time really was bad and that can ruin a meal for me... especially when it's supposed to be one of the best restaurants in town. But being able to admit you were wrong is a sign of dignity, right? Right. And John made all the bad things into good things, and my meal was, well... perfection. 5 stars, kids. They earned every single on of 'em.
It had been a long time since we had been to this place but glad we returned!  Always a great Napa wine list as well as some signature cocktails worth experimenting with.  I love their pork chop!  Very generous portion and with an amazing grill flavor.  We'll be sure to keep them on our weekly rotation.
I love this place. I am trying to think why I didn't give it five stars and I don't know what is stopping me. The food is aaamazing. The staff is very friendly, even the chef sometimes comes out and socializes. The wine list is fantastic. I don't eat the meat stuff but I've heard it's great and I can tell you that everything that I've eaten there has been terrific.
This review is for the happy hour only.

I've been here twice now with friends for post-class happy hour. I was sucked in after my friends' advertised the $6 burger as being such a steal. It really is a great, cheap meal to enjoy with friends. A perfect place to go for a weekly happy hour  that serves decent drinks and a great burger.

I usually grab a glass of wine (also $6) and the burger (which comes with a choice of swiss, blue or cheddar cheese), with onion rings or shoestring fries. They currently have Shock Top as the only beer option -- but for $3, really not bad.

The only drawback is that tables fill up fast, and there's almost always a wait, so try and get there as close to 5 to as possible to avoid standing!
If I were to design the optimal place to take a date, it would be a lot like Vinology.  Trendy and soothing music, readily available yet classy alchohol, dim lighting, and tables that are well-spaced, Vinology has it all.

One thing that Vinology does NOT have is incredible entres.  For a full dinner, I greatly prefer Melange or other Main Street joints.  Also, the desert at Vinology is below average, save your money for the wine...

What Vinology does exceptionally well, however, is appetizers and wine.  The cheese platter is amazing, a great mix of delicious cheeses (get the fromage if possible), crackers, and fruit.  I've also enjoyed the gnocchi appetizer, the flatbread pizza, and the mini burgers.  The wines are delicious, I highly recommend getting one of the flights (the flight specials have been especially good).  One more thing - try to get a table away from the bar if possible, as the bar area can get smoky and somewhat crowded.  

I've had many great experiences at Vinology, whether the occasion be a classy night on the town, or even just for a relaxed glass of wine - highly recommended!
Dear Flemings,

I love your HDTVs in the bar area...But how about enabling closed captioning on those HDTVs by default?

People with hearing loss go to Flemings, you know.
When I worked at the Geffen, this was the go-to place to be after our show. Believe me, we tried everywhere in Westwood and always wound up back here. Why, you ask?

Super classy late night happy hour. I've never had a bad wine here, even when trying their "house" wine. I also totally recommend doing one of the wine flights. It's a great way to try out their wine list and get tipsy on the cheap since the pours are pretty generous. On the happy hour food menu, I always go for the "tiny burgers" or a new addition- the kale salad. As a person who normally hates the taste of kale, this salad really makes me happy.

I can't say much about the regular menu as my friends and I would always sit at the bar, but the place seems to be popular with the Westwood locals. The staff and valet are always super nice to me. Parking's a little tricky in the area, so valet is usually the way to go. The price at happy hour is more than reasonable, although I think the regular menu is a little steep for the average Joe. But then, I guess the good thing is that average Joes and UCLA student riff raff don't usually come here. Napa is a place for a good glass of wine and a mellow conversation. Cheers!
Went here for dinner while visiting Bburg after moving away two years prior.  This restaurant is an excellent addition to town for slightly upscale dining.  The food was really good, and the waitstaff friendly.  Highly recommended for a nice night out.
We were a large group on a Saturday night and the restaurant was about half full, primarily with other large groups in the private dining areas. The restaurant is quite large, light and nicely appointed with easy wheelchair access. We were pleased about that because one of our group was in a wheelchair and she was made very welcome.  As for the waiter, he was young and unfortunately not knowledgeable about the bar menu or the
dinner menu.  We ended up ordering lamb, pork, pasta and fish dishes, a couple of which were on the special prix-fixe for the evening.  Although pricey, we did think the food was very tasty and everyone finished what was on their plates and used bread to soak up the rest of the flavorful sauces.  There were two misses:  one was with the pork chop.  It was supposed to arrive pink and it came to the table rather gray. It was sent back and returned shortly almost raw.  It was sent back again to the kitchen and returned in a few minutes by the chef who apologized profusely and said he "just couldn't get it cooked quite right".  The person who ordered the pork said he'd let it sit a moment or two and it would be fine.  He ended up eating all of it because it was delicious and it was not charged to the final bill. The other mishap was pasta that was barely cooked and in fact was almost hard.  That was remedied quickly. After dinner,  the chef sent over seven different desserts at no charge for all the inconvenience. We were appreciative of his efforts but are not likely to return, especially since the food was expensive and really, how hard is it to properly cook a pork chop and a plate of pasta?
I'm headed to Bacaro tonight for a visit!

Though I just discovered it a few months ago, it's now one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Providence.

Start with a Caesar salad (don't forget it's family-style and enough for two to four people!) and split a pizza and seasonal pasta dish. We tried some pumpkin gnocchi in October which was superb. 

Or, split a pizza and accent your dinner with options from their Tapas-style menu full of wonderful and authentic options. 

Never had an issue with the service. If you ask to sit upstairs, there is a little more ambiance and you'll be near the kitchen.
Seems as though if you order the flank steak, it takes forever to cook.  Second time coming where a flank steak took a long time.  My friend didn't receive his for over an hour, however the owner gave it to us on the house.  

Despite the amount of time it takes to get the flank steak, this place is still great.  It's a place where you WANT to take your time.

Visit http://www.sixtaste.com/blog for more reviews.
I have only ever visited here for lunch (twice) but I am planning a happy hour stop and possibly a dinner. Lushy me has never had a sip of wine here, as I tend not to midday, but I plan to imbibe here soon.

The variety of burgers for lunch here is incredible, the quality is over the top. Great flavors and good sides to boot. Thus far I have sampled (or actually eaten): the caprese, the duck burger, the gyro burger, the salmon burger and the cowboy burger. All had their merits, with fresh ingredients and good levels of seasoning. My personal faves are the cowboy and the gyro but I would not be too sad with any of the burgers off the menu.

Sweet potato fries are tasty as are the frites and the truffled potato salad is a must try. We split a three bean salad as a side and that worked too. Speaking of salads, my mom was a fan of the smoked salmon one too. I like that there seems to be something for everyone at the lunch hour.

Staff is friendly and very helpful with suggestions.  Atmosphere is very Ann Arbor trendy. You get attention here though, drinks refilled and staff on the whole seem to care about the experience you are having here. I kinda like that.

Try it out, lunch at least is very reasonable for what you get. Those milkshakes look way cool when being made too. I have to try one sometime!
There has been a lot of good press for Toast in the recent past.  We ate there for the first time, so I have just one experience to share.  The place is relaxed, and our service was very good.  My husband loved the appetizer with two kinds of liver (beef and lamb) -- an unusual offering which had been recommended to us by a sophisticated diner.  I thought the sweet onion bisque was one of the nicest soups I've had in a long time.  The Barramundi and lamb entrees completed our evening.  The mashed sweet potato which came with the barramundi deserves a special kudo.  

The wine list is excellent, and there are lots of options by the glass or bottle.  Pricing made purchase of a bottle attractive.  An all-around great evening.
This review is for the happy hour at Flemings.  Great drink specials and delicious food deals make this one of my favorite happy hours around.  They even offer happy hour on weekends.

I recommend trying the beef carpaccio and calamari and the Flemings burger can't be beat.  The sailor daiquiri is great too and service is always polite and prompt.
Alexander's Steakhouse in Cupertino being my favorite steak house for quite a few years, my wife suggested Fleming's for dinner as she had enjoyed lunch there a few weeks earlier. I was quite surprised with the whole dinner experience. The manager needing to assist us with our wine made the evening that much better. Overall, I thought Fleming's is a better choice over Alexander's, because their steaks are as good, but they cook it per our request w/o us having to return it. The service & the restaurant atmosphere is also better, but lastly the bill being somewhat lower, now puts Flemings on the top my list.
1 star to start.

Food (1 star):
Had the Summer Prix Fixe and the filet mignon option was very, very good.  It was cooked perfectly and the crust was popping with flavor.  I think my favorite parts of the meal were the accessories, if you will.  The button mushrooms were an excellent compliment to my filet mignon, and the spinach salad had a great sweet dressing.

Service (1 star):
Service was excellent here as our server was very friendly and even offered to take a few photos of us at the end.  I don't think he wrote anything down either and our food came out very quickly, as the courses were well-timed and we weren't left waiting between courses for very long.

Value (1 star):
The prix fixe is a great deal at $35, as you get an appetizer, entre, side, and dessert.  Normally I'd barely get more than the entre for this price.  I was definitely stuffed at the end of the meal!

Experience (0.5 stars):
The restaurant is very well-appointed and has a nice wooden finish inside.  There's a bar with a few tv's playing sports in the background and the bathrooms are extremely clean and high-class.  It's a bit dark just as most steakhouses are, though I'd have to say the noise-level was rather high and it was a bit difficult to hear everything.

Overall:
1.0 - Baseline
1.0 - Food
1.0 - Service
1.0 - Value
0.5 - Experience
=============
4.5 stars
Great service, great food!  My only complaint about Teresa's is that some of the tables are close together.  Depending on what kind of person you are or what kind of night your having, this could end up being annoying or you could have a great conversation with strangers the next table over!  Because the food is so good, you often have to wait, but the bar staff is friendly and you can order one of their delicious pizzas to snack on until you're seated.
Cute little spot near USC. Wish it was there while I was attending the school!

The tapas were tasty and perfect for sharing a few bites. We ordered the seared pork belly, it was amaaazing! The grilled chicken panini was awesome too. The bruschettas were OK and I was expecting more from the crispy pig ears and the bone marrow. We also ordered the bacaro burger with egg, that was ok, nothing special, but overall the food was good.

The place is really nicely decorated, all of the walls are chalkboards! It's a little difficult to read the food items written on the wall when you're sitting down though. The seats are really close together... the place is tiny so some tables share a bench... Like my butt was touching the girl's behind me. Kinda weird.

The day I went, there was a group of girls celebrating something and they were loud (OK annoying loud), walking around in their crop tops singing "Call Me Maybe"... Gag me. Also, they messed up on one of our orders - gave us grilled chicken breast when we ordered the chicken panini - and the server looked at us like we were lying or something.. that was kinda lame...

Not a bad place to stop by for happy hour if you happen to be in the neighborhood or go to USC... wouldn't go out of my way to get here though
Great food, small plates... Decent wine list.  This is a small and fun place, but a little too small so minus one star because of the long wait when the house is full.  Even a bigger plus... its in south L.A.

On the serious note: must try, food is good, its not pretentious. its just fun!
I've been really excited to visit 622 North since I heard they were opening - Blacksburg needs a good place that isn't a bar or sandwich shop.  A recent trip to 622 North tells me that, at least for now, we're still waiting.

Arriving at 7pm, we were seated outside on the patio - a nice place to sit overlooking Main Street, for sure.  The restaurant wasn't full at the time, and we placed orders.  After an hour, the restaurant was much fuller ... but still no meals.  We were enjoying ourselves and so the delay wasn't terribly inconvenient, but we certainly wondered what was taken so long.  The server didn't have anything to offer - they don't serve table bread, and he couldn't provide any explanation.  After TWO hours, the meals finally came, and were underwhelming at best.  Everyone's asked why we stayed so long - some within our party knew others who had helped start the restaurant, and we wanted to support that.  

I've heard that they weren't prepared for the "grand opening" that weekend, that it was slated to be a week later, but nevertheless there are some kinks to be worked out, and a menu to be tweaked.  Here's to better reviews here on out.
Came for a late-night dinner and I'm sorry to say that it wasn't that memorable.  Ordered the filet mignon and that was pretty good.  Hubby ordered Cajun ribeye and THAT was good.  Don't really remember the rest of the dinner too much and wasn't as impressed w/Flemmings as I have been w/Ruth's, Morton's, or Donovan's.  My weakness is Creme Brulee and their's was weird.  It wasn't like any other Brule I've had ever; not a fan.  Parking was good since we could park ourselves.  Overall decent food but probably will spend money elsewhere
Came here for dinner for Father's Day.  We made reservations on Open Table which was easy.  Upon arriving, it took about 15 minutes till we were seated.  One thing we noticed was that there were only 2 chairs to sit down.  My dad who is getting older had to stand and lean on his cane.  No one from the host staff offered to get him a chair.

We each ordered the Prime Rib Special.  The meal consisted of one side, salad,  prime rib, and dessert for $37.95.  The menu offered other a la carte items but we each felt it was on the expensive side for what it was.  

Overall the meal was good.  The salad bolded freshness and the prime rib was tender.  Why am I giving them 2 stars?  Service.

Fleming's needs drastically to improve on their service.  In addition to the earlier example I gave regarding their poor service, here are a few more.

1.  We had to tell the server 3x for more bread and butter.
2.  The waitress took our folks promising to deliver cold ones, but never came.  We ended up having no forks to eat our steak with and had to request new ones.
3.  The much hyped Chocolate Lava Cake was unavailable.  The server said, 'their batter isn't working' and to order something else.  How do you have problems making the signature dessert?  And they were offering other tables chocolate truffles instead!  
4.  We asked for extra au jus to bring back home with our leftovers, and they only gave what we had in our containers.  Most other steakhouses give you a full container.  Cheap-skates.

Would I come back here?  Probably not,  there's other steak houses nearby.  Note to restaurant -  when competing against other steakhouses, your service is very poor in comparison to other places such as Alexanders, Sundance, HOPR, 5A5, Morton's, Lawry's, and etc.
Small quaint room that houses this little bistro is charming but could be bigger. The goat cheese/veggie panini is incredible! Great date bistro.
First, the food.  Small plates are in the $7 to $12 range, while large plates were around $17-$21.  The large plates weren't meals, just a single dish, so to have a meal you had to combine the large and small plates, pushing our entire bill to around $100 with tip for a single shared appetizer, two vegetables, one large and one small plate for the main course, a single dessert, and a few glasses of wine!

For her main course my wife had a small sausage plate that was quite good.  The sausages were interestingly spiced, nicely cooked, and sitting on what I'll describe as a delicious white-bean, smoked eggplant cassoulet.  

My vegetable was kale and butter beans.  The beans were cooked the traditional way in a meat broth, making a kind of soup, and flavoring the kale nicely.  It really was quite good, and kale is pretty hard to cook properly.  My only improvement would be that given that kale is in season it would have been nice to have locally grown. 

My dish was a large plate of fried flounder that was described as "ANDALUSIAN", which surprisingly meant sprinkled with large chunks of raw garlic.  The fish was luke-warm and undercooked instead of hot and flakey.  Flounder is a mostly tasteless fish, and so recipes need to pair it with other sources of flavor, or go for a crispy fish-n-chips effect.  For example, the Andalusian fish recipes I looked up recommended anchovies, which of course are full of flavor. In this case, the raw garlic was odd--  most of time the dish gave up the no flavor at all, and then ever so often I'd get a piece with a chunk of raw garlic. Not pleasant. What was described as "spicy pimento-aregano aioli" just tasted like regular aioli to me and wasn't spicy at all.  I couldn't bring myself to finish it, which my wife will attest is quite unusual.

For dessert my wife ordered a flour-less chocolate concoction. It was a very small inverted cup of lightly chocolate flavored pudding swimming in a white sauce. I couldn't stand it, but my wife was happy to have something without flour which she is trying to avoid.  With dessert I had a great cup of coffee, and my wife ordered tea, and while  he brought the wrong tea, the pot was cute and the tea was good.

On to the service.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable, and helped us pick out some wine pairings that we really liked.  $8/glass seemed a steep, but we did enjoy it.

As the price of the meal goes up, so does our expectations for service.  For example, when I pay $11 for a sandwich at Mill Town, I don't expect to get a separate salad fork, but when I'm paying $100 for a meal, is it too much to task to get a clean fork for the main course and dessert?

One thing that bugged us was our waiter had a problem removing dirty plates from our table. The messy appitizer plates were left there the entire meal, and empty wine glasses remained through the courses. The plates themselves were rectangular and cute, but the plate was too small for my fish dish, and the flavored garlic chunks fell off, creating a mess on the table that the waiter never noticed and I had to finally clean up myself to keep from staining my clothes.

All-in-all we definitely won't be coming back for dinner.  For $100 for dinner for two there are much better options out there with both better food and service.  Although the wine selection isn't nearly as large, I would consider trying Glass Half Full again as alternative to the West-End Wine Bar where we could get a couple of glasses of wine and an appetizer.
Unlimited beefsteak  + alcohol = bliss.  Bacaro should be applauded for doing the poor alcoholic community a huge service in this crappy economy.  Yes, for $25 and 2 hours on Sunday, loading up on wine, beer, beefsteak topped baguettes, and roasted potatoes was just the therapy I needed to end my week.  I would've burned a deeper hole into my clearanced wallet  purchased from Ross had I dined elsewhere.
Very good food-ordered beforehand for a luncheon and I was more than
pleasantly surprised: the salad with quinoa cranberries, almonds etc (no
chicken in the one we were served) was really good-EXCELLENt.  The
roast beef was just out of this world=I'm not a big meat eater but theirs
was just first rate-I don't know how it is listed on the menu but for a catered
event, where things are served 'buffet style' i could not believe how good 
it was. The parmesan crisps were also very tasty and the desserts which
were miniature pastries, one filled with a lemon like curd, the other
caramel are goodies we are still talking about.  I had a lunch there
a few years ago, I don't think it was pre ordered or buffet and certainly
do not remember such an enthusiastic reaction.  I hope there is another occasion.....
I had heard nice things for this place so I was excited to go and check it out.  First impressions was great. Nice atmosphere inside the restaurant, a small nice place.  However, the food experience was far from what I had expected.  We started with an appetizer, the cheese plate.  It was interesting, with nice flavors.  The appetizer paved the way for a nice food experience, which however was not accomplished in the end. For the entree, I thought of ordering something simple so as to avoid judging the place for something I do not like in general.  Thus, I ordered the ravioli dish.  Even though it took some time to come I was excited to taste it.  I was not the same excited after tasting it though.  Badly prepared and "flooded" into sauce.  After we decided to go for dessert and we ordered two different ones.  I have to admit that the cinnamon donuts were amazing, but the chocolate dessert we got was "yet another chocolate dessert".  

I have though to mention that the two people I went with there still think of it as the best restaurant in Pittsburgh (which I doubt it :) ).
I can't remember the last time I was eating at a restaurant and halfway thru my meal, thinking "Wow, I have GOT to come back," but Napa Valley Grille was that place on a very pleasant Friday afternoon.  It's a slightly splurge lunch for me (compared my usual Enzo's/Corner Bakery) but it's totally worth it.  Want to bring out the inner kid in you, but in oh-so fancy Westwood?  Get the Yountville lunch!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HsrBr49livt6XtKbEzuHnQ?select=Mm7gjE4c-FO-avk5kXWVKw  Everything on my plate was a hit.  The soup that day was a cabbage soup, altho it looks like the color of balsamic dressing.  That kinda scared me at first, but the soup is more of a cabbage puree made with some cream, rather than cabbage leaves floating in broth.  Just get it - your idea of soup will take on an entire new meaning after trying it, and I'm not even that much of a cabbage fan.  Salad was also very good, but you really want to take a bite of the grilled cheese sandwich as it hits your table.  The bread is buttered with just the right amount, and the melting cheese oozes out the sides a little to form crispy edges, but there is not one speck of burned cheese or bread anywhere.  Someone in the kitchen is clearly paying attention.

There were so many other delicious-sounding items on the lunch menu, but I just couldn't resist the opportunity to try 3 different things.  If the weather is cooperating, the patio on the back is very nice, with high glass sides and umbrellas if you want some shade.  Hey payday/Friday/day with good weather, can you come again soon, please?
This place is the opposite of Midwestern farm girl.  It is so swanky and sophisticated that it makes you forget that you are in the Midwest.  Step into the teleporter that is the door to Vinology and instantly you are in NYC, damn, even the folks inside look a little less Midwestern.

The fried calamari and mussels in wine sauce appetizers are must haves in this joint.  Prices are a great deal more reasonable than any equally swanky place in Boston.
I went to Tria Wine Room for their grand reopening after changing the name.  They had a champagne on special (only one per person) that was delicious and a fabulous wine selection as always.  However, I think that they were not prepared for such a large crowd that day as the service was rather slow, but we had an enjoyable evening nonetheless.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the wine and able to offer helpful suggestions to please our palates.
Came here with my friends on NYE to have dinner. Had reservations for 7:45. Arrived around that time and they seated us within 5 minutes. Had us in the bar area with tables pushed together since they were so busy that night.

The waitress was really nice and friendly. Kept checking on us to see if we had any questions about the menu. Helped us take pictures with my camera and even offered to take a few with my permission throughout the meal. She constantly kept our wine/water/ and sodas refilled, so she was an excellent waitress! I don't remember her name though.

The bread and spreads that come with your meal are really good. Not sure if it was because we were all hungry, but it just seemed really good. The spreads were great. I wish they sold it, I would definitely buy the spread! haha

We ordered the calamari as appetizers. The calamari was very flavorful and our table basically devoured both orders of it. The sauce that came with it was what did it I think. Definitely recommend this dish!

I forgot what the other members in my group ordered but they all seemed satisfied with their meal. I ordered the Porcini Rubbed Filet Mignon and that was good. The white sauce that came with it was good... I wish they gave me more on my plate. haha. I enjoyed it and it was cooked medium rare which is how I like it.

We ended the night with two orders of the lava cake. Very rich and good... a little too rich for me since I had to drink a lot of water to wash down all the sugar. A nice balance if you eat the cake with the vanilla ice cream though.

Overall our experience at Flemings was great. Glad we chose to celebrate the New Years here. Food was great and the service was excellent as well!
ah..that's better...another 8 hours of standing, talking and presenting at ucla...wooo...i'm beat..i need food...please no more ucla dorm food...yuck~!...(uc davis by far has the best dorm food out of the uc)...

anyways..back to napa valley grille.....what a nice treat....a reward to myself after a long day's work...corn chowder...delicious...refreshing and clean taste of corn.....great little start to the dinner......aww....port-braised short rib on a bed of polenta.....fork tender...but..tad over braised.....polenta was a nice contrast to the sweet and buttery flavors of the short rib....

noticed other meals around....the organic baby lettuce salad seem to be the favorite starter for most patrons...large portion of greens....warning...the ravioli seemed a bit whimpy in portions...but the roasted pork tenderloin seemed like the stick to your ribs kinda man food here...need to try that next time....nice little restaurant for about $40 to $50 per person...
Bacaro a la shameless PAC-12 style:  An undercover Bear, whose name I won't mention, wandered into Trojan territory looking for a delicious meal.  He found it at Bacaro LA!  

The only other source of food to impress the Bear around the nearby area had been Papa Cristo's.  However, Papa Cristo's closes so dang early.  GGRRRR...  The Bear was not so keen on entering a place owned by Trojans, but the potential for a good kill was too good to resist.  

Upon entering the restaurant on a Tuesday night, the Bear was happy that there was no wait and comfortably warm inside.  The space has expanded with a few more areas to sit yourself down to and cozy up.  The Bear was amazed at the great service given to him by the Trojan wait staff.  

The Bear thoroughly enjoyed feasting on Bacaro's burger, bursting the fried egg so the yolk glazed over the burger.  The scallops were a bit small for the Bear's appetite, but all in all, the flavors of every dish were worthy to be celebrated.  Tasty beets, that powerful garlic bruschetta, and flavorful pork belly skewers are all great, but the Bacaro burger and Lamb Stuffed Eggplant are beyond amazing! GROWL!!!   The Bear washed it all down with some wonderful white wine.  What a selection!  

Well, this Bear now appreciates the Trojans a tiny bit more for their successful restaurant.  Excellent food is a great way to make peace between a couple of good ole PAC-12 rivals.  GO Bears!  This Bear is shamelessly in love with a Trojan.  Sigh...
As far as tapas go, this palce will surprisingly fill you up. They have a 3 items for $21 deal. I only ordered two items and took bites here and there from my friend's dishes, but left feeling pretty satisfied. 

Setting: 4/5 the general area is a little bit shady, but once you get inside it's a world of difference. They have pretty cool decor, wine bottles on the ceiling, chalk board wall, some interesting paintings. My only complaint is that it's pretty small, and the tables are definitely not wide enough. Parking was easy for us to find on a tuesday around 7, but I can imagine it getting a bit hectic on busier days. 

Food: 5/5 The two items that I ate were really really good. I got the Baccaro Burger, the patty was cooked sooooo perfectly, I always hate it when they overcook medium rare. But here I could see the pink in between (I must say that I love the pink in between). The burger only has one bun which was strange to me, but it was a mighty tasty and fluffy bun. Its also a very saucy burger which is my personal preference, I really dislike fathers office because there is no sauce on their burger. The whole thing together is simply amazing try it out for yourself. My second dish was the stuffed eggplant. Not many people have mentioned this dish on yelp, it's pretty underrated. Do yourself a favor and get this. I can't even describe it to you, the sauce on top is really flavorful, but not over powering. It is stuffed with lamb, onions, and other fancy things unfamiliar to my tongue. It looks like a meat patty, but it definitely taste alot better. 

tip: I also tried a few pieces of their pizza, I wouldn't reccomend them, they are good, but I think their are better things on the menu. Yes, I even tried the yelp acclaimed white pizza, its good but the burger and eggplant blew the pizza out of the park. My friends just got he pizza because they were afraid that they weren't going to be full after their meal, but rest assured the portions will be bigger than you expect. 

Service: 5/5 the waiter was nice,I asked him about his own preferences and he recommended the eggplant. Food came out in a relatively fair amount of time, about 10 minutes for nine dishes total, pretty decent. 

Bathroom: 3.5/5 bathroom is sub par. the bathroom handle is right by the urinal. The window has bars on it, maybe so people can't escape without paying? It also smells a bit funky. however! you do get the bathroom to yourself which is always a plus in my book. 

Overall: 5/5 i would definitely come back here. Food was great, service was great, and it's a good spot to bring visitors. 

I will be coming back on sunday to get the all you can eat/drink steak/ wine/beer buffet. Will update soon.
I did a business lunch there and was very impressed. The service was excellent and respected our conversation.

I had the Cobb salad and it was perfect. The other two in our party had different lunch entres and we all agreed it was a wonderful lunch. I will not hesitate to return here with friends and business associates.
Pros: This place had a fun atmosphere, great food and great drinks.

Cons: Really slow service, charged my birthday dessert when they said it was on the house and when we asked for more butter (brie butter for bread), they brought us 3 and charged us $15 a piece. Tacky.
bacaro is an absolute staple in anyone's list of places to enjoy wine with friends in LA. In a funky part of south LA right next to USC, this amazing wine bar has everything you need, with great selections listed by the glass or bottle on their chalkboard walls. Great great place to bring friends
mixed review about this place...

so I ordered the smallest filet mignon
and my friend ordered the biggest size

mine was better than average, but his?! it was so terrible that it made mine taste really good.
Great ambiance, above average service, average food, expensive prices.  Like its competitor across the street, Palomino's, this place is positioned to be a hot restaurant in Westwood, but consistently proves to be average.
What else can I say? This place is completely underwhelming. 

The first three bottles of wine my friends and I attempted to order were out of stock, yet still printed on the menu. Two of the four beers listed "on tap" were unavailable. So, we settled on our fourth most desired bottle of wine and each had our third choice of beer. 

The menu is not terrible but the $10+ we paid for an unimaginative and rather small pannini was about $5 too much. We also had "house-made" tortilla soup that paled in comparison to the example my mother makes in a crock pot. Also, what wine does tortilla soup pair with, anyway?

The service staff was confused when we asked to have our bottle of red wine slightly chilled to counteract its hot temperature. (They store their wines in the kitchen for crying out loud!)

The bill for 3 beers, a bottle of wine and two less than exciting, shared food items exceeded $80.00. In San Francisco, LA or most respectable markets we could have enjoyed better wine, beer, food and service for the same price.
We came here for lunch last Saturday. Arrived around 11:30am with no reservations for a party of 3, and were seated right away. Halfway through our meal, the place was packed and there were lots of people waiting. So definitely come early if you don't want to wait! I tried the margherita pizza and funghi panini. Both were really good, tasty and fresh. The pizza was thin crust and light, crust had good crunch. I felt that my panini could have been a little more heated inside- I like my cheese completely melted. We also ordered some pastries, that our waitress said was from their sister restaurant, Witherspoon bread company. Chocolate croissant and a brioche with vanilla custard inside. They were only ok- croissant wasn't flaky enough and didn't have nearly enough chocolate as i would've liked. The brioche was nothing special. But the bread used for my panini and the free bread brought out in the beginning were really good, so i would recommend the bread but not the pastries if you decide to visit the Witherspoon bread company.
Mediocre food, mediocre service, somewhat better ambiance. They pulled off the initial cute bistro feel, but it quickly crashes as soon as you are greeted by the not-so educated (as in "restaurant educated") college waiter. The whole flow of your dining experience is filled with gaps of bad timing, distracting environment, and just "okay" food. I had higher hopes for Teresa's, so maybe I'll give it another shot. But for now, I'll stick to my faithful Italian joints I know and trust.
After a T ride to Cambridge, we, of course, looked for a bar to go to. We wanted drinks. Yelp said this place was good so we headed on over there. The bar is cool. It just has this weirdo, but not-kinda vibe. We sat at the bar and the bartender came and asked us what we wanted. They had a great selection of beers. Not too many on tap, but a bunch in the bottle. I was able to try a few that I had never heard of and my husband went with a UFO one they had on tap? I forget who makes it. It was just a chill place to drink, talk, and observe people. It seems like a local type of bar with the usuals coming by. But it worked for us.
No complaints about the food.  We ordered the crab cake appetizer, the filet mignon, and the seared ahi tuna appetizer (which I ate as an entree).   We did not get any drinks or dessert.  Everything was very good.  But the total with tax and tip came to $90.  It seems like way too much to pay for what we got, even though the quality was high.  Next time we will save our money and go to one of the many equally delicious but cheaper options on University or Castro Streets!
A wonderful bistro on a side street off Higuera in downtown SLO.  I don't think SLO even knew what it was missing, till this little bistro came along.  I sort of like to think of it as a Linnea's' (local coffee shop) that sells wine and food at night. 

On my most recent visit, we sat in the room that's accessed to the right of the kitchen/bar area, in what's basically a living room!  It was awesome.  Cool chairs and cozy couches, and only me, my Mom, and sister; we had the place to ourselves. We even played the piano, danced around, and reminisced when my sister hit some chords I haven't heard for years!  

Unfortunately they were out of a few wines and a sparkling Cava that I would have been interested in.  They have a WOW, (Wine of the Week, so SLO to make it an acronym!) which is a good price and safe bet.  

We enjoyed all of our food, nothing daring, such as beet salad, awesome dates wrapped in bacon, stuffed with something, and the Cubano sandwich which also delivered. For 3, with a couple of drinks (just one for Mom) and food that we shared, feeling plenty sated, was $75/ before tip.  And service was really nice and good.
happyhourhappyhourhappyhour.

I'm a big fan of the happy hour! 

I've never gone at any other times but the prices are excellent during happy hour. Well, excellent compared to the norm I would imagine. Snacks and stuff are still expensive for the amount of food you get. Come here for the alcohol instead?

Also, parking sucks but there's usually a spot down some residential street. 

Sangria, yeaaaaaaaaahhh!
Had the WORST experience here yesterday for brunch! Had been for dinner and happy hour awhile back and looked up the brunch menu--fun small plates idea and looked great so decided to give it a shot.  

We made 1pm reservations and were seated around 1.  At 1:25 we had not seen a server, gotten a drink, anything.  We had to chase down the host to get a waiter and finally an unenthusiastic, unwelcoming waiter quickly took our order.  

We ordered 4 of the small plates to share:
Smoked salmon benedict--cold and soggy
Short rib w/eggs and tortillas--also cold
Chile omelet--pretty good
BSTA scramble--that stands for bacon, spinach, tomato, and avocado. Could have been good but there was NO avacado.

Of course we would have said something about the food, especially the missing avocado but no server was anywhere to be found. When our waiter finally surfaced about 1/2 hour later we told him the avocado was missing and he said "oh". SERIOUSLY.

Needless to say extremely disappointing and will not be returning!
I love Toast! I love to eat in the bar area, which reminds me of a tasting room in Napa Valley.  I love the way the food is put together so simply but so delicious! The chef's tasting paired with the wines is the way to really experience the best of Toast.
Last night we went with friends and sat in the bar area.  The bar food is quite good, tasting menu sized portions.  I had the short rib slider, calamari and kobe beef corn dogs.  The slider and the calamari was quite tasty, but the corn dogs were not so kobeish (I wonder how much kobe beef is really in there!).

And we also went to brunch there today, yeah, I know two days in a row, but we enjoyed it the last time so why not!  It was very good, same small plate sampling, in the main roon, live jazz in the background.  Good service.  a good time was had by all.
Just went here for the first time last week. The atmosphere was just the sort of vibe I'd love.  Cozy basement pub with a small outdoor patio. I give it two stars because they only serve beer and wine and I'm a whisky/scotch drinker. For a pub, shouldn't they at least have Jameson's??
Casual, unpretentious wine bar with good ambiance, excellent food, and affordable yummy wine selections. We had Noa's cauliflower which was hands down the best cauliflower either of us have ever had. We also had the grilled eggplant pizza with spicy tomato sauce which was delicious. Worth a drive if you don't live nearby!
Like everyone says, the seating is quiet cramped in this petite place, but the food packs BIG flavors!

Bacaro's dishes are sure not to disappoint. I came here and ordered almost everything off the menu that I wanted. However, since there were only two of us, I had to leave a couple of items off including the Bacaro Burger because I chose to go with the lamb burger instead.

The lamb burger was delicious and was juicy and flavorful and no "lamb" taste, at least not the taste of lamb that's not prepared right. The bruschetta was delicious and I love the big cloves of garlic. The bone marrow was extremely light and sure hit the spot. The pork belly skewers were phenomenal and just seasoned perfectly, I felt really guilty because I know I was just eating pure, heavenly fat.The spicy tomato pizza really did pack quite the kick, the spiciness really stood out and brought the rest of the pizza together. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate ganache and just all the other parts to the dish made this dish quite fun to enjoy. The banana brulee lightened the chocolate a little, the candied walnuts gave it a crunch, and the whip cream actually lessened the sweetness of the other parts and made it just right.

Overall, I highly recommend Bacaro L.A.!!!
Great food. Great "old-school" cocktails.
What a pleasant experience!  I love how they present the menu - wines paired with food. Very interesting concept.  They have a wonderfully different wine list, that allowed us to try different wines. And the food - oh wow,  We had the Spinach and Artichoke Grilled Flatbred Pizza to start. Great crust and cheese, could have had a few more artichokes and spinach. We paired it with Roussanne, Steele Writer's Block and Yealands Sauvigon Blanc. For our entree Braised Bonless Short Ribs, Blue Cheese Smashed Potatoes, Garlic Roasted Carrots in a wonderful Angleterre Sauce.  We paired this with a Mazzocco Zinfandel. Everything absolutely fab!
When researching Vinology on Yelp, I read it is owned by the Jonna family. which rang a bell for me, but could not place it.  At the end of our dinner I asked our wonderful waiter. (sorry I can't remember his name, but he has a wonderful accent) he sent over the owner Vincent Jonna. He said his family owns Merchant of Vino and Vinotecca in Royal Oak,  I have heard of Merchant of Vino for years.  Vinny was great to chat with, and he offered a dessert wine...which was so good we bought a bottle.
I asked him if they could open a restaurant in Lansing, (where we live)  PLEASE!  :)
I really can't say that I gave this place much of a chance. I stopped in for a couple beers and probably didn't spend more than 40 minutes inside. But, I always have an opinion to share ;) 
First of all it's in Harvard square so don't expect a reasonably priced pour from this place. One draft beer was $5.50. That's a bit steep. It was only Sierra Nevada!
Second, the outside "patio" area is sunken by a few feet so people watching is reduced to watching people's ankles. I did see some hot ankles however...
Lastly, they served a mexican type menu which really threw me off. Nothing in the title would suggest such a style but hey...whatever works. I ate elsewhere.
I Concur......Plate Half Full!

The ambiance of the place is nice, good old fashioned brick walls, concrete floor, high beam ceiling, it all adds up to a nice comfortable setting. 

The service is ok, our server just didn't get it though. Didn't quite meet that home comfort warm fuzzy feeling, and left us feeling out there in the cold - even though the temps outside were mid seventies. No one at the front of house made any real effort, unfortunately it was like they really didn't care whether we were there or not.

The quality of the food is good, the chef has great talent, but it just couldn't make up for the "lack of" feeling. The ribs came with.......ummm, nothing else. We ordered a plate of hand-made fries, half of them were miniscule, the other half just left us with the feeling that they should have been included.

All in all, we have the feeling that they have an identity crisis. Shame, because there's great potential here, but they're only living up to half of that.
I was so excited to try Biba on a cold Wednesday night (I'm a huge fan of Tria). It did not disappoint. There was something about crossing the river that had deterred me for awhile but I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the walk was to Biba from Fitler Square. The wine was delicious (had the Malbec) and so was the food....our server even gave us complimentary speck (similar to proscuitto) to go with our wine. I took other yelpers advice and tried the truffled egg skillet. Holy crap. Delicious. The speck panini with tallegio was savory and filling as well. Can't wait to go back.
Great service by Tammy. 
Great wine!
Great food! I ordered prime rib dinner in $36.95 which come with salad, decent prime rib, a side dish of your choice, and lava cake for desert! It's really a good deal. My husband had lobster meal in market price. ($49 on that day) It came two big giant lobsters and tasted so yummy! 
Great atmosphere!
Will come again~~
What a great place to go for happy hour!  Food and drinks are specially priced and its fun to sit in the bar and order off of the happy hour menu which is from 5 to 7.  The bartenders behind the bar especially Chas give great service and put down a nice place setting so you can enjoy all the food to come.  Have never waited long for anything; like the cheeseburger and the carpaccio.  I have friends in Walnut Creek who go to Flemings for happy hour so you see, its contagious.
went here on a saturday night right after five.
there was one other couple already seated.
the place filled up pretty quick but never saw a line.
this restaurant is realllly snug.
came here because i found a deal on living social.
niiiice. so happy i bought it!
the food is really good. 
service could have been better but i won't complain.
my favorites: cauliflower w chipotle aioli, shrimp. 
we ordered 2 drinks, six tapas.
total was around = $55, not including tip.
definitely going back.
The bread was delicious. The bone-in ribeye better than average. The mac-n-cheese... well I mentioned it, didn't I?

Typical steakhouse ambiance, with the lighting just low enough to drive my eyes crazy, and plenty of couples out for a well dressed night on the town. I'd go here before Sundance down the street. As I always say, you get what you pay for. It's cheaper than Alexander's and if you're out on a date who doesn't know her steak, you can probably get away with it.
Let's say in theory that you're a steak fan. You go to all the steakhouses in the area. You make it a point to do a high end steakhouse every month. You've been to them all chains and boutique restaurants, and world renowned ones. 

If that is the case, then Flemings in my opinions does not stand out from the rest for it's steak then. It's good. No doubt about that. It's got great service. It's dark and manly and rustic in atmosphere. But there is nothing to make it stand out like the butter soaked steak you would get at say, Ruth Chris. It's just a regular really well made steak. 

But still it's good. It's just not sensational or unique. 

I'd still go here anytime anyone suggested. 

I guess I'm just cynical, but I'm just saying this in comparison to other steakhouses. There's no secret sauce or marinade or something like that. But I guess with steak there's not supposed to be one. So I guess this is what you get.